===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-22 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Moody's Corporation First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers following the presentation. I will now turn the call over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shivani Kak: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'm Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the first quarter 2025 as well as our revised outlook for select metrics for full year 2025. The earnings press release and the presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release filed this morning for reconciliations between all adjusted measures referenced during this call in US GAAP. I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the management's discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the SEC's website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I'd also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen only mode. Over to you, Rob.
Rob Fauber: Thanks, Shivani, and thank you very much, everybody, for joining today's call. This morning, I'm going kick off with some high level takeaways on Moody's first quarter performance and an update on our 2025 guidance. And then I'm going to share why we're confident in our market position and how we're strengthening the earnings power of the business. And after our prepared remarks, as always, Noemie and I will be glad to take your questions. So on to the results. I think it's safe to say that the past few weeks have been more tumultuous than many have anticipated at the start of the year. And there's certainly a lot of noise in the environment with equity markets demonstrating much greater volatility in a headline driven environment. And understandably, that's making it harder for many businesses to feel confident in making important investment decisions. But as you've heard me say before on these calls, it is times like these when our customers turn to us the most. And that's because we've got a vast reservoir of proprietary data and insights, mission critical software solutions and decades of experience in understanding credit impacts to countries, industries and companies. And we've done this all over the world across all sorts of economic cycles and geopolitical events and this time is no different. So amidst this backdrop, we delivered some very strong results in the first quarter. We achieved a record $1.9 billion in first quarter 2025 revenue. That was up 8% year-over-year. In fact, both of our businesses grew revenue at 8%. And with some very disciplined expense management, Moody's adjusted operating margin reached 51.7%, that's up 100 basis points from the first quarter of last year. And adjusted diluted EPS grew 14% to $3.83 and that really is the power of this franchise shining through. Now turning to MIS, we delivered 8% revenue growth on issuance growth of 9%. And MIS achieved its highest ever quarterly revenue of $1.1 billion with an adjusted operating margin of 66% and that was up 140 basis points. At this quarter, private credit was a meaningful contributor to growth, particularly in structured finance. In fact, in the first quarter of 2025, we had 143 private credit related deals, that's up from 69 in the first quarter of ‘24. Roughly a third of that volume came from private credit backed ABS, CLOs and RMBS structured finance issuance and then BDCs and fund finance was almost another one third. In fact, 20% of first quarter revenue growth in structured finance was attributable to private credit. So you can see private credit emerging as a tailwind for our ratings business. Amidst all the recent market uncertainty, engagement levels for our research and webcast are at a rate two to three times the levels that we normally see in a more stable environment. In fact, last week's ratings webinar on tariffs attracted roughly 3,000 registrants across 89 countries. Now zooming out, the deep currents that I talked about on the fourth quarter call remain intact. And for MIS that includes private credit, transition finance, AI driven infrastructure investment in emerging and domestic debt markets. And these areas require significant investment in debt financing and this hasn't changed despite the recent turbulence. In a recent report on private credit, our ratings team highlighted that data center debt issuance in the asset backed finance market reached $4 billion in the first quarter of 2025 alone versus the $8.4 billion issued for all of 2024. In the first quarter of ‘25, we rated a $2 billion data center CMBS deal in the US. And that represents the larger scale we expect to see more frequently to finance digital infrastructure. And we're actively evaluating several data center financing structures today across a number of teams and regions. And these financings are early stage, but they are increasing in both their scale and complexity and are a good example of a deep current that we expect will drive debt financing volumes for the foreseeable future. Now switching to MA, ARR growth was 9%, again led by Decision Solutions where ARR grew 12%. Recurring revenue increased another notch to 96% of total MA revenue and we continue to make investments in product development, platform engineering and sales capacity in our strategic growth areas. We're also executing on our ambitious cost efficiency program designed to significantly enhance MA's operating leverage over the coming years. And for 2025, we remain on track to deliver a full year adjusted operating margin of between 32% to 33%. Now underpinning the 9% ARR growth was a very strong first quarter in terms of new business execution. And I want to share a couple of sales wins from this past quarter that illustrate that. First was a multimillion dollar KYC deal with a major global bank to help them strengthen financial crime compliance. And we've grown this relationship by more than two times since 2020 by expanding the breadth and depth of our products being used across the bank from credit rating feeds to economic data to early warning detection. And building on that, we were recently selected as a global strategic data partner for their KYC program based on the high quality of our interconnected datasets. And that's a very strong referential customer for other major global banks. The second was our first Agentic AI sale in the KYC space with a major crypto trading platform that handles about $1 billion a day in trading volume. In the first quarter, we signed a multimillion dollar contract across a suite of our solutions and they're the first customer using agent review, which is our new KYC AI screening agent that helps onboard customers more accurately and quickly. And given all the manual labor in the KYC space, AI agents have a very compelling value proposition and we're excited about this opportunity. So more broadly, let me provide a quick update on our AI strategy across MA. And our focus remains on harnessing the transformative potential of generative AI to drive growth, to enhance customer experiences and achieve a more efficient operating model. On the commercial front, last quarter I talked about how customers who upgraded to Research Assistant contributed meaningfully to growth in the Research and Insights business in 2024. Beyond Research Assistant, we've introduced three unique generative AI offerings that highlight the power of integrating our proprietary data to accelerate decision making for our banking and KYC customers. The automated credit memo, early warning system and the KYC AI agent that I just talked about. Additionally, GenAI navigators now embedded in over a dozen MA product lines are enabling on demand customer support and improving user experiences across our solutions. And these navigators are helping customers maximize the value of our products. We've also deployed generative AI internally across three of our most significant functional job families in MA, including customer service, engineering and sales. For example, our customer service assistant has enabled a 20% reduction in resources for our support team, while significantly improving response times, all without compromising the quality of customer interactions. In engineering, we're rolling out increasingly advanced AI tools to empower our software engineers, setting ambitious adoption targets to accelerate roadmap delivery and drive innovation. And we've recently launched a transformative internally built agentic tool that will act as a sales companion for relationship managers and their specific books of business. It's designed to act as a catalyst for tailoring our value propositions for streamlining prospecting and meeting preparation and accelerating buying decisions. And as you might imagine, our sales and management teams are very excited about the prospects for productivity gains. So these are just a few tangible ways that we're driving greater efficiency and effectiveness in important areas across the firm. So anchoring this back to where I started my comments just a few minutes ago, Moody's value proposition is especially relevant in times of change and uncertainty. And we're doubling down on improving the earnings engine of our business and delivering strong results in the face of volatility. And while the services that Moody's provides are not directly impacted by tariffs announced to date, we do believe many businesses are being impacted by the uncertainty of impending trade tensions. And this uncertainty in turn leads to customers delaying financing and investment and we've seen this in the first few weeks of April. As I think most of you would expect, we're taking a more conservative approach to guidance given the operating environment since we issued our initial guidance earlier this year. We've widened and lowered our guidance range to accommodate a broader range of potential outcomes at this point in the year. And Noémie is going to share more details in her prepared remarks and I'm sure we'll address this further in q&a. Now looking beyond the near term dynamics in the markets, we feel confident about the deep currents that are underpinning the demand for our solutions. First, the evolution of capital markets including private credit. Second, the digital transformation and automation and financial services industries. Third, the imperative to know more about who you're doing business with. Fourth, the financial impact of extreme weather events and fifth, the transformative power of generative AI and the tremendous unlock available from proprietary data. And I want to double click on a few of these for just a moment. I've highlighted the growth coming from private credit. I'm particularly excited about the groundbreaking partnership with MSCI that we announced yesterday where we're going to be providing independent risk assessments for private credit investments at scale. And this partnership brings together our world leading credit scoring models with MSCI's very deep data on private credit investments, enabling investors to understand the credit profile of companies and individual loans. And together, we're serving a critical need for transparency and standards in the private credit market. To support banks and their drive to digitize and streamline their credit and lending workflows, we've integrated numerated Enable AI's frontend capabilities into our flagship lending solution CreditLens. CreditLens supports nearly 500 banks with nearly $27 trillion in assets. In fact, CreditLens ARR, which represents over a third of the total banking line of business ARR, grew at 12% over the last 12 months, demonstrating our ability to innovate and enhance our scaled solutions and expand relationships within our core customer base. On the impact of extreme weather events, Aon reported that first quarter economic losses of $83 billion were well above the 21st century average of $61 billion. In January, we closed our acquisition of CAPE Analytics, a leading provider of geospatial AI data and location intelligence for property underwriting. And now we're integrating CAPE into our industry leading catastrophe models. And this is going to give insurers an incredibly high definition view of property risk, allowing them to insure more confidently and with greater precision. So we feel good about the medium term given these deep currents and we can and will manage through the short term. And we've got an experienced team and a strong portfolio that's built to weather storms and to provide insight when the market needs us most. With that, Noemie, over to you. Thank you, Rob, and hello, everyone.
Noémie Heuland: Thank you for joining us today. This morning, I'll start with our first quarter performance, then walk you through how we're thinking about the rest of the year. Starting with Q1, we achieved record financial results. MCO delivered revenue of $1.9 billion up 8%. MCO adjusted operating margin improved by 100 basis points and adjusted diluted EPS of $3.83 was up 14% year-on-year. Moody's Analytics achieved quarterly revenue of $859 million up 8%. Recurring revenue grew 9%, in line with ARR growth. Decision Solutions, which includes our KYC, insurance and banking solutions, grew ARR by 12% to nearly $1.5 billion. And this line of business is consistently the fastest growing part of Moody's Analytics, with ARR growth of 17%, 11% and 8% in KYC, Insurance and Banking Solutions, respectively. Research and Insights and Data and Information ARR growth rates were 7% and 6% year-on-year. You can see this breakdown on slide 7. Double clicking into MA's line of business results. First, within Decision Solutions, KYC led the growth with strong demand for our data, analytics and workflow solutions. KYC ARR growth was driven not only by our banking customers, as Rob illustrated earlier, but also by significant deals with corporate customers to vet suppliers and with European government entities to investigate fraud. In Insurance, our Climate and Specialty Insurance Risk Solutions and HD models are key differentiators in the market, driving ARR growth of 11%. In the first quarter, we signed an exciting deal for our cyber risk models with one of the largest global property and casualty insurers, showcasing that we are embedding ourselves in the insurance ecosystem across multiple risk domains. In banking, ARR grew 8% as customers are increasingly engaging with us to automate and digitize their lending workflows. In fact, over the last year, we've seen an increase of almost 20% in new business related to our lending solutions. Turning to Research and Insights, now growing ARR at 7%. The improved ARR growth rate is primarily driven by the lapping of two attrition events in the first quarter of last year. New business generation continues to be strong, up 20% over the last 12 months. And finally, our Data and Information business grew ARR by 6%. The downtick in the growth rate over the last two quarters continues to be impacted by two dynamics that we've talked about in recent quarters: an adjustment to our ESG strategy and attrition in sizable contracts with the US Government. Outside of these two areas, ARR growth would have been 10%. Now pivoting to Ratings. Record quarterly revenue was driven by Corporate Finance, especially from investment grade issuers and by Structured Finance, with continued momentum in CMBS and CLOs as spreads remained tight and relatively stable through Q1. And you can see this on slide 6 and as Rob mentioned, private credit was a tailwind. In the first quarter, first time mandates were almost 200, an increase of 20% year-on-year, broadly in line with our Q1 expectations. So net net, a record first quarter with very strong execution on the backdrop of a constructive issuance environment up to the first week of April. Now looking beyond the first quarter, we believe it's appropriate to pressure test our initial assumptions against a wider range of scenarios and update our guidance range accordingly. The market remains very sensitive to factors including fiscal and monetary policy news flows, economic data and the potential path and pace to a resolution. Global forecasts for GDP are being revised downwards, and the magnitude and timing of Central Bank rate cuts remain very much in flux. We currently anticipate high yield spreads will widen over the next twelve months, and the latest forecast for default rates is also wider. On the global and domestic M&A front, earlier expectations have been dampened by trade policy uncertainty. As such, we now expect 15% growth year-on-year in announced M&A, down from 50% growth in our February assumptions. So, how does this all translate into a full year financial outlook? Well, first of all, we are pleased with the fact that Q1 rated issuance was broadly in line with our forecast, but we're now projecting MIS rated issuance to decrease in the low to high single digit range for 2025. Our range accounts for various levels of activity in May and June after a somewhat muted April and for variability in how quickly uncertainty resolves in the back half of the year. The breakdown by asset class is in our slide presentation on slide 10. Finally, our issuance assumptions account for a relatively short-term disruption at the high end and more prolonged uncertainty with muted US GDP growth at the low end. While robust deal making activity in the back half and healthy supply of high yield issuance in the near term are possible and certainly supported by subdued M&A levels and maturity walls, respectively, we do not consider this a base case at this time. Reflecting our updated issuance outlook, we now expect MIS full year revenue growth to be in the range of flat to a mid-single digit percent increase for 2025. MIS adjusted operating margin is expected to be in the range of 61% to 62%. Turning to MA, we are reiterating our revenue growth guidance of an increase in the high single digit percent range, and we are adjusting the high end of our prior ARR growth guidance with full year ARR growth now expected to be in the high single digit percent range. There are two reasons for the ARR guidance adjustment. First, we want to acknowledge that the fluidity of the external environment drives uncertainty with customers and could lead to delays in decision making as the year progresses, although it's important to note this has not been the case so far. Second, we are reflecting higher than expected attrition with the US Government than originally anticipated. This includes the impact of what was realized in the first quarter and an increase in probability of attrition for contracts scheduled for renewal in the balance of the year. Having said that, we continue to build a solid pipeline of new business and believe the recent customer wins demonstrate Moody's Analytics' strong value proposition even in this environment. On the margin front, the efficiency program we announced in our Q4 call sets us up very well. It provides us with the capacity to continue investing to capture demand from the multiyear deep currents Rob highlighted and deliver on our commitment to scale margins. Bringing this all together, with our adjustments to MIS revenue guidance, we expect full year 2025 MCO revenue growth in the mid-single digit range, with an adjusted operating margin expanding by about 100 to 200 basis points to a range of 49% to 50%. Our adjusted diluted EPS guidance range is a range of $13.25 to $14 representing 9% growth at the midpoint versus last year. Now for modeling purposes, we expect the calendarization of top line and MIS and margin for MIS to be below the normal seasonal pattern for Q2 following the strong Q1 results and considering April issuance volumes. We anticipate that revenue will remain stable between the second and third quarter before declining in the fourth quarter sequentially in line with historical norms. For MA, we expect our year-over-year total revenue growth to be in the high single digit percent range with sequential quarterly increases consistent with the prior year. Turning to operating expense and excluding the impact from restructuring and asset abandonment charges, we expect expenses to ramp by about $15 million from the first quarter to the second quarter and gradually increase sequentially in the back half of the year in line with historical trends. The expected savings associated from our efficiency program will partially offset annual salary increases and variable costs as the year progresses. Turning to our balance sheet and capital return. We have a strong financial profile and we'll continue to return capital to shareholders. We are maintaining our prior share repurchase guidance of at least $1.3 billion for 2025. Capital return represents approximately 80% of our free cash flow, which is now expected to be in the range of $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion for the full year 2025. Echoing what Rob shared, we believe we are well positioned at the center of important deep currents, and we are operating from a position of financial strength. And with that, I'd like to thank all our colleagues around the world for their contributions to another record quarter for Moody's. And with that, operator, we'd be happy to take any questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Steinerman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alex Hess: This is Alex Hess on for Andrew Steinerman. Can you walk us through your assumptions around what acquisitions were included in the prior guidance versus now? Specifically, was CAPE analytics factored into previous guidance? And how much do you expect it to contribute this year?
Noémie Heuland: There's no change in our M&A assumptions with respect to our MA revenue guidance. That was already included before and it continues to be the case now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets.
Ashish Sabadra: Maybe just a question on the issuance guidance. I just wanted to better understand when you reduced that guidance, just given some of the uncertainty, what were the key assumptions that were made in terms of M&A volume? I believe original guidance was expecting M&A volumes to be up 50%. So, what were the new assumptions? And have you also made any changes in any terms of assumptions for the refinancing volume? Maybe just a follow-up there would be just how much visibility do you have for the issuance guidance for the rest of the year?
Rob Fauber: Maybe just to zoom out when we're thinking about how we're thinking about issuance and the outlook. Obviously, tariffs have been impacting how companies are thinking about spending in investment decision. So it's created some uncertainty and we've seen some of that already in April in terms of just a delay in issuance. Spreads have widened out a bit. We've had some risk off days. You might recall last year it was basically blue sky days the entire year. But as I mentioned, we're in a much more of a headline driven environment at the moment, so we have had some no issuance days. And now there are questions about the kind of pace and trajectory of rate cuts through the balance of the year. So there's just a number of things that are going in to create some uncertainty for issuers. In regards to M&A, we've gotten off to a more modest start. We had thought that it was going to be primarily second half loaded, but I'd say it was more muted than we had thought. And so we've adjusted our own M&A assumptions down. I think we had 50%. We still believe there'll be growth in M&A off of a low volume, lower levels last year, something like 15%. And again, I think we would think that that will be generally back end loaded. Really no change to how we're thinking about the maturity walls. So those continue to be I think very supportive of future issuance. Hopefully that gives you a sense.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
George Tong: In your MA business, you saw Research and Insights growth of 7%, Data and Information up 6%. For these two sub segments of MA, can you talk about how sensitive they are to banking and asset manager trends that you're seeing in the current macro environment? And what would be the catalysts for accelerated growth for these two sub segments?
Noémie Heuland: Maybe I could take that and Rob feel free to chime in too. But for Research and Insight, the growth is actually mainly coming from our CreditView product suite, which includes Research Assistant, as you know, as well as credit analytics models and economic data. We continue to expect low end of high single digit growth for 2025. Obviously, we're keeping a close eye on CreditView renewals in our asset manager customer base, because they remain under cost pressure. But we're having more conversations now with banks about growth. We're expanding the dialogue just beyond just risk and regulation. So we think that there's some interesting dialogue with banks around efficiency generated from Research Assistant and CreditView that we think will be supportive for our Research and Insights going forward. And then for Data and Information, we had a bit of a slower growth in the first quarter, as I noted in my remarks, from elevated attrition in from US Government. We also had the effect of the ESG partnership that we signed last year, which we talked about extensively in 2024. And in terms of outlook for the remainder of the year, we expect high single digit ARR growth in that line. We've made some investments in data quality and interoperability. We also have made some investments in our corporate go to market, which we expect will influence our data and information business as well as KYC. We're very encouraged by the dialogue we're having with our corporate customers around Maxsights. We expect this will be again a support for the ARR growth in data and information in the remainder of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Russell Quelch with Redburn Atlantic. Please go ahead.
Russell Quelch: Just wanted to ask around the guidance for MIS again. Could you square the guidance for a decrease in issuance versus flat to increased revenue growth for 2025? Is there a positive mix effect here coming from somewhere?
Rob Fauber: So you think about kind of the building blocks to go from issuance to revenue and we do have our annual pricing initiatives and we always talk about that being kind of 3% to 4% on average across the firm and that continues to be intact. There's actually a positive mix shift from what we believe will be a decrease in bank loan repricing activity as a percent of total, just given we really have minimal economics on repricing. As I said, we do still expect a modest improvement in M&A in the back half of the year and that typically is mix positive. And then if we think about recurring revenue that we think that will be up mid -single digits. And so that will also be supportive in terms of going from issuance volume to total rating revenue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Can you just talk a little bit further about the costs? I was pretty pleased with your cost containment this last quarter. Obviously, your restructuring charges in the last two quarters were higher than normal. But just talk about in a little more depth about where you're pruning the costs out here between the two different divisions. Maybe also touch on your outlook for incentive comp for the year and stuff. Just some more color, please.
Noémie Heuland: So we've you pointed out we've announced an efficiency program in the fourth quarter. We're executing on that program as we planned. We've talked about the areas where we think we can generate efficiencies within our MA business this year and also a little bit within our corporate functions, leveraging technology and automation. We are through the integration of our acquired entities that has generated some efficiency gains in the Moody's Analytics. And just to give you a bit of color on the margin outlook for the remainder of the year, we expect to be now in the range of 49% to 50% for the full year. That's up 100 to 200 basis points. We already had some improvements in the first quarter. That's largely due to the transactional revenue growth, a little bit of effect from the efficiency program that we have initiated, but that will materialize more meaningfully in the remainder of the year. The margin improvement we expect will mostly come from MA for the remainder of the year. We expect the MA margin to ramp sequentially into the mid-30s range by the fourth quarter. The other thing to note for the margin for modeling purposes is the level and timing of incentive comp accruals in MIS, which we've provided details on throughout last year. We're currently forecasting for funding close to target, whereas in 2024, we accrued above through the second half. So that will affect the quarterly margin comparison for the upcoming quarters. And to your question about incentive comp, we now expect incentive compensation to be between $400 million and $425 million for the full year 2025. In the first quarter, we recorded $109 million, and so we're forecasting about $100 million for each of the quarters for the remainder of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Motemaden: Just another question just on the MIS outlook. Wondering if you could talk about some of the sensitivities, if we got more Fed rate cuts, how you think about that potentially impacting your issuance outlook as well as on the M&A side if we had flat M&A this year versus the up 15%, how we should think about that impacting your outlook?
Rob Fauber: David, thanks for the question. I guess I would say the rate cuts are kind of a mixed bag. You heard us talk a lot on this call about one of the fundamental drivers of issuance is economic growth, right? This is companies that are investing. And if we have decelerating economic growth, which is we have shaped our growth forecasts, we thought that tariffs are going to take about 1% off of global GDP growth. If we've got decelerating economic growth that's leading to Fed rate cuts, again, I'd say it's kind of a mixed bag. The negative impact of decelerating fundamental growth versus the benefit of lower rates. Now that may impact things like pull forward from the maturity walls and things like that, but I would say it will be mixed. For M&A, I think we had talked about on the last call that kind of every 10% of M&A we thought would be about call it $35 million in rating revenue. So that gives you a sense of the sensitivity to that assumption. But I guess what I'd say is M&A is one assumption among many at this point that you have to look at in terms of thinking about what's going go on with issuance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please go ahead. Thank you.
Manav Patnaik: Rob, just on Private credit, just hoping maybe it's a little bit of a broader question, but obviously you said a lot of the growth showed up in structured finance. I was just curious where which other lines within your Moody's reporting segments do you think you have initiatives where you think that could pop up? And obviously, that's all good news. I was hoping you could just help us balance that with all the headlines in the near term, I guess, around how the banks are obviously frozen and private credit is in the headlines taking deals here and there. Just balance with some of the negatives out there too if you could?
Rob Fauber: Yeah. All right. So let me kind of work my way through that Manav. Great question. So first of all, I'd say it's in times where you've got some volatility in the public markets that we've seen that private credit can step in. We've seen that with - we started with post financial crisis, but we really saw it with COVID. And then in 2023 when we saw some stress in the US Banking system, we saw private credit again step in there as a funding source. I think you got to balance that with there are going to be increasing issues around asset quality across the private credit portfolios, right? These are highly leveraged typically the direct lending or highly leveraged loans. And we're seeing it in a few places, right? We talked about structured finance. So you're seeing a lot of asset-backed finance from private credit sponsors rolling through. We also see it in fund finance. That may not be issuance per se at times. We've got ratings on different alternative asset managers and fund entities and other things. So it's not always showing up in the issuance numbers, but you see it in the first time mandates. So the growth of our FIG first time mandates is importantly - there's important contribution from private credit related entities. And within FIG when we talk about fund finance, it's everything from ratings on alternative asset managers and BDCs. But you've also got and I think of some of that as what you might call related to direct lending, right? Those are direct lenders. And then you've got true fund finance where you've got things like subscription lines and NAV loans and rated feeders and all of that. So those are the two places where we're seeing the most of this flow through. The last thing I would say Manav is, and I imagine most of you saw our announcement with MSCI that I mentioned in my remarks, but there's more and more investor desire to understand and have a third party view of credit risk of the investments that they're invested in through these private credit funds. And it's interesting because when we made this announcement, we've gotten some very good inbound from people saying, this is interesting, tell me more, I'm interested in understanding how I can get this independent view of credit risk. So I think you're going to see in MA through our credit scoring tools, I think you'll see that as a revenue opportunity for us as well to capitalize on private credit.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Silber: I wanted to circle back to MA. I know you slightly reduced your ARR guidance. You talked about the federal government exposure. I understand that. But beyond that, are you seeing any other kind of slowdown or uncertainty in those businesses? Because some of the metrics kind of look like they are slowing down a bit. Thanks.
Rob Fauber: Yeah, I'll take a crack at that. Not really. I mean we talked about the two things that primarily were impacting ARR in the quarter and obviously that impacts our guidance for the year. And that was as you noted federal government not surprising, I think to many people. We had some ESG related attrition as customers or some customers are actually going straight to MSCI. I think we kind of anticipated and understood that. I would say in regards to we get questions about pipeline and sales cycle. And we've had a number of questions over the years as we go into these periods of turbulence about are the sales cycles extending? And I would say no, not at the moment. But it's early, right? And so in 2023 when we saw stress with the regional banks in the United States, it's not so much that we saw the sales cycles extend, but we saw some of the sales cycles push farther out in the calendar year, right, where banks just say, hey, I'm not ready to make a decision yet. I need to get more certainty about the operating environment and let's revisit some of this. So the second thing is our pipeline across MA is quite robust. It's up double digits from the same time last year. So the pipeline is good. We're not seeing at the moment delays in sales cycles. But when we think about our guidance for the year, I think you're seeing us just acknowledge that it's a possibility. We want to acknowledge in an environment of heightened uncertainty, it's possible we could see some of this push out and we're also acknowledging these two attrition kind of themes from the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm: Just coming up coming back to MIS for a second. I didn't fully understand the commentary you made from a seasonal pattern perspective. So maybe you can just give a little bit more detail there, what you said about the second and the third quarter. I think you said second to third is stable, but I don't I think from a second quarter perspective, you didn't really say much in terms of what you expect pulling this toward April. Are you expecting May and June to get better? Or what exactly should we be thinking about here from a seasonal perspective? Sorry about the short term focus, but clearly a lot in flux.
Rob Fauber: I'll start and Noemie feel free to jump in. I think the way we thought about this obviously, we're incorporating the soft start to April obviously in our 2Q. And when we kind of think about the quarters, the biggest adjustment that we made in terms of thinking about revenues for the ratings business is in the second quarter. And we don't know exactly how long some of this turbulence is going to last. I can talk a little bit about the current pipeline if people are interested, kind of what we're seeing. But I would say the biggest adjustment to revenues was in the second quarter and then less in the third and less in the fourth. We're thinking ratings is going be down somewhere in the kind of ratings revenue, down somewhere in kind of the mid-single digit range in the second quarter, down in kind of the low single-digit range in the third quarter and up in the mid-single digit range in the fourth quarter and that gets us to somewhere between flat to mid-single digit revenue growth for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy: I wanted to ask about MIS margins and expenses more broadly. I think Rob, you had talked about GenAI related efficiencies more broadly in the business. I think you might be talking about MA, but I'm curious to the extent the environment worsens from an issuance perspective relative to how you're thinking about it at the moment, how much flexibility do you have in terms of whether it's pulling back on investments or just some these efficiencies that are coming through?
Rob Fauber: There's two things I'd say here. First of all, we've managed through all these air pockets over the years. I can't tell you on how many of these calls I've been on where there's some turbulence in the markets and we get these questions about how are we thinking about being able to manage expenses. And the reality is that we've got what I'd call kind of the traditional levers that we're able to pull. So if we see cyclical declines in issuance, typically we are very effective at managing headcount and all of that kind of stuff. That's the first thing that we would look at and that's what you would expect us to do in a declining issuance environment. Only if there's structural changes would we say, hey, we need to fundamentally think about the resourcing of any particular. But in this case, I think we definitely think this is a cyclical issue. So there's the traditional levers of just being able to manage hiring very effectively, which we've done over the years. And then second, we talked about this idea of becoming increasingly volume agnostic within a range of a band of issuance while maintaining strong controls. And we've really been working at doing that by - it's not just the AI tools. Those are helpful, but it's also about building modern applications for our analysts, analytical applications, rating workflow applications, those kinds of things that deliver efficiency to them, right? So that over time we're able to actually be able to handle more credits per analyst, right? That's obviously the goal and to be able to do that with consistent rating quality and engagement with the market and high quality research. The advent of AI gives us the opportunity to deploy more tools to the analysts, but of course we have to make sure we do that in a way that respects our regulatory environment and has the right control environment around it. So like many banks, we're more deliberate in how we deploy AI in the rating agency because we need to make sure we have transparency on how we're using AI across the agency.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: So going back to your partnership with MSCI, could you please add more color on the revenue model of the independent risk assessments? What are the use cases? What your clients are looking for? And also how big this opportunity can become longer term?
Rob Fauber: Owen, thanks for the question. We haven't disclosed kind of the revenue model or opportunity, but I think we all understand that the private credit market is significant and growing rapidly. And what I would say is in our engagement with investors and that includes everything from pension funds and long only investors to insurance companies who are big allocators to private credit. We've heard that there's a lot of desire to have a rigorous third party credit assessment of the investments that these entities are invested in. So if you think about how we're serving the private credit market, we serve the alternative asset managers and GPs and we also are now have an opportunity to really serve the investors. And so what we're doing with MSCI, they have by virtue of their current platform, they have some very rich in-depth data on private credit investments across the fund universe. And now they have the ability to leverage our models to be able to provide our EDFX, our quantitative credit risk scores to those investors. Over time, I think you would imagine that as we have the opportunity to provide these scores, so the customers are going to opt in. And over time, you can imagine working together to build benchmarks and research and indices and all sorts of other things that continue to provide additional transparency and insight into the private credit market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Pete Christiansen with Citi.
Pete Christiansen: I was just curious if we could just drill down into the assumption on first time mandates. I guess there's a lot of confidence there that's going to continue throughout the year. Just curious if you could just walk us through your confidence in that number throughout the year.
Rob Fauber: You're right. First time mandates have actually continued to be the momentum that we had in 2024, has continued into the first quarter. First quarter FTMs, first time mandates were almost 200. That was up 20% versus the prior year quarter and we saw growth in really all regions except Asia Pacific. Corporate finance was the largest source of first time mandates, but I would also say that and I mentioned this with private credit, there's this new dynamic now where we're seeing much more first time mandate growth coming out of our financial institutions franchise related to private credit, right? So these are again BDCs, asset managers, private credit funds, all of these kinds of things that are getting rated for the first time. In fact, I think something like a third of our first time mandates in FIG were serving the private credit market both in the US and to a lesser extent in EMEA. So we haven't changed the guidance at this time. Obviously, a lot of first time mandates are related to leveraged finance. So that is something to watch, but we have a bit of a tailwind in the FIG franchise.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sean Kennedy with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Sean Kennedy: It was nice to see strong growth in KYC this quarter. And you touched on this on the prepared remarks, but I was wondering if tariffs and heightened macro uncertainties are acting as a catalyst for helping penetrate the corporate market. And could you also touch on the total opportunity and go to market strategy there?
Rob Fauber: It's interesting. This point about your question about our tariffs actually driving some - have the potential to drive some demand for our solutions around KYC and supply chain supplier risk? And I think the answer is potentially yes. Because we've talked about on the call before that this massive amount of company data and then we've been enriching it with these other data sets to serve these various use cases, right? It started with KYC. It's a very high growth scale use case for us. But we talked about this corporate platform that we've deployed, we call it Maxsight, where we're not just serving KYC, but we're also now serving for instance supplier risk and elements of supply chain and so on. So we launched that platform in the first quarter for corporates, got something like 150 quoted opportunities in the pipeline. So there's a lot of really good dialogue with customers around these kinds of use cases and we're seeing some early traction in that dialogue in areas like kind of logistics and healthcare and TMT. So I think again when we see areas where there's uncertainty what you see is customers wanting to try to work through that uncertainty, get additional tools, get additional data site and I think that's part of what we're seeing here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America.
Joshua Dennerlein: Just trying to tie some of your comments today on expense management and margin versus maybe what we've seen in your history. If I look back to 2022, we saw like a fairly significant slowing in missed revenues and margins really compressed. Is that not a good analogy to what might happen if missed revenues slow a lot more than you expect this year?
Rob Fauber: Joshua, thanks for the question. I'll see if Noemie wants to double click on this. But I think there's a difference between 2022 and where we believe we are now. In 2022, we had revenues that were down something like 30%ish off the top of my head. So 30% decline in the span of one year, it's difficult to preserve a lot of that margin. So we saw the margins come down below historical levels. But I would say within a general range, we have more ability, obviously we have incentive comp, which flexes up and down. And we have, as I said, some of these, what I'd say, kind of traditional levers that allow us to preserve more of the operating leverage within a band is how I think about it.
Noémie Heuland: Yes. That's the key. It's within the band of issuance. If you look at our guidance, we've adjusted our operating margin guidance for MIS by just a notch. We're now guiding for 61% to 62%, which is still pretty significant year-on-year increase. And then that's to Rob's point, we're being cautious with discretionary spend. And we also continue to invest in our digital workflows and analytical tools. I think it's important to continue to equip our analysts with the technology that will help us be volume agnostic in the future as well. But again, we're not forecasting at this point anything like 2022 scenario.
Rob Fauber: Yes. And I think just when I kind of zoom out, you kind of look at the financial profile, the margins and so on. This is still a very strong financial profile for the business.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jason Haas with Wells Fargo.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Jimmy on for Jason Haas. Just wanted to follow-up on the KYC question earlier. Curious to what extent you consider the current MA profile as countercyclical and are there any other specific sub segments that hold up better than others during downturns, maybe like insurance?
Rob Fauber: We've talked about over the years, in general I'd say much of the MA portfolio tends to be, I don't know if I'd say countercyclical, but it tends to weather these, acyclical may be a way to think about it. That's probably the right word, probably acyclical. And you've seen 68 quarters of growth, consecutive growth through all sorts of different periods where ratings revenue has gone up and down. And if you think about why is that, it's because, think about the use cases that we're serving across the various businesses. So, in banking you've got customers using not only our software but our data for everything from lending to stress testing to CECL to impairment testing and ALM and that stuff is just very, very sticky as you'd imagine. These are not things that you just unwire when you hit an air pocket. In fact, if anything, we'll see the usage oftentimes go up. Same with our research. There's more demand in these environments to access the research and access our analysts and get our insights in these kinds of markets. Insurance, same thing. If you think about what's going on with the extreme weather events, has nothing to do with financial markets. It's completely uncorrelated. So this need to be able to invest in these tools to better be able to understand and address physical risk and underwriting needs is not really in that case correlated to the market. So last thing I'd say, you asked specifically about KYC. There's another great example. What we do see are banks trying to become two things, more efficient and more effective. So there's no question that that is going on. But what we don't see is our banks saying, hey, KYC is somehow less important. I don't need to invest in it. This is a place that I'm going to cut. You do that and next thing you know you have a fine or a consent order. And so I think banks have been very clear. They want to make sure they have regulatory compliance, but they also want to make sure they can get more and more efficiency. And that's why I mentioned this AI screening agent because that is a fantastic opportunity to help banks with compliance to be more effective, to reduce false positives, but to be much more efficient. And so I think we're expecting to see some good demand there.
Operator: And that will conclude our question and answer session. And I will now turn the call back to Rob for any closing remarks.
Rob Fauber: Okay. Well, thank you very much for the questions. And we look forward to speaking with you on the next call. Have a good day, everybody.
Operator: This concludes Moody's Corporation first quarter 2025 earnings call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the Investor Resources section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay will be made available after the call on the Moody's IR website. Thank you. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-13 11:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Moody's Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded, and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers following the presentation. I will now turn the call over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. Thank you.
Shivani Kak: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'm Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the fourth quarter and full year 2024, as well as our outlook for full year 2025 and updates to our medium-term guidance. The earnings press release and the presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website, at ir.moodys.com. During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release filed this morning for reconciliations between all adjusted measures referenced during this call in US GAAP. I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the management's discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and in other SEC filings made by the company. These, together with the Safe Harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Fauber: Thanks, Shivani, and thanks very much everybody for joining today's call. After our prepared remarks, Steve Talinko, the president of Moody's Analytics, and Mike West, president of Moody's Investor Service, are going to join Noémie and me for the Q&A portion of the call, and that's something that we've done for a few years now. Before I get into our results, I just want to acknowledge that it's been a difficult few weeks for many members of our team following the tragic loss of our dear friends and Moody's colleagues Chris Collins and Melissa McCandry, in the Washington DC plane crash. They really were cherished members of our team and their loss leaves an immeasurable void and our thoughts are with their families during this incredibly difficult time. Now, on to our results. Moody's delivered a record year in 2024. We grew revenue by 20% to over $7 billion, with strong growth across both businesses. And through disciplined cost management, we expanded our adjusted operating margin by over 400 basis points, and that translated into a 26% adjusted diluted EPS growth. All while executing on strategic investments across both of our businesses. So MIS finished the year on a real high note, 18% total revenue growth, powered by 29% transactional revenue growth in the fourth quarter. And our ratings teams were really active, and it wasn't just in the fourth quarter, but throughout the year. Delivering 33% revenue growth for ratings and over 500 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion for the full year. Moody's Analytics also had a strong finish to the year with 10% recurring revenue growth in the fourth quarter and 9% ARR growth. Decision solutions continue to lead the way with $1.4 billion in ARR growing at 12%. And as we look to the future, we're continuing to invest to deliver market-leading growth and attractive shareholder returns. There are some very powerful deep currents that are driving demand across our business. And we've been making investments to ensure that we can capitalize on that demand. Thinking about the future as we enter the third year since we introduced our medium-term targets, today, Noémie and I are going to provide an update on our key metrics and what underpins our higher adjusted diluted EPS growth range. So as we set out this time last year, on last year's fourth quarter call, 2024 was a year in which we really doubled down on our investments in order to help us capitalize on some big opportunities that are in front of us. And we executed on those foundational investments that we called out on that earnings call at the start of last year, and those included platforming and modernizing, it included new products and also Gen AI. And we focused on the accessibility of our data estate, and also enhancements to our risk and resilience posture. We continue to invest in the rating agency and our positioning as the agency of choice for investors and issuers. And I have to say, I'm really proud that we were named best rating agency an impressive thirteenth year in a row by Extell, formerly institutional investor. It's our experienced analysts, insightful research, and active market engagement that really reinforce our leadership position in the market and that allows us in turn to capitalize on robust periods of issuance like this past year. We've also made investments to address the big shifts that are going on in the capital markets. The first of those is private credit, and I'm not just talking about direct leveraged lending, which is a roughly $1.5 trillion market and growing but also fund finance, infrastructure debt, and asset-backed finance, to name a few. And with dedicated analytical and commercial focus on private credit, we made really good progress in this space this past year. Rating nearly 400 private credit-related transactions in 2024. Similarly, we have a product suite to serve transition finance. And we issued over 150 second-party opinions and more than 20 net-zero assessments in 2024. And we have a very strong pipeline there as well. We also have a coordinated commercial and analytical initiative focused on digital and to ensure that we are the agency of choice in this space for the years to come. Our strong financial performance this year allowed us to accelerate the build-out of MIS' technology applications for analytical, commercial, and operational teams. And these investments are driving improvements in operational efficiency and are allowing us to be increasingly volume agnostic within a range of issuance and you can see this come through in our 60% margins in 2024. And our guidance for 2025. So I thought I'd just put this in perspective for you for a moment. We rated nearly $6.2 trillion of issuance in 2024. That's an increase of 42% compared to 2023. And Mike West has given me an interesting statistic that throughout last year, our ratings teams issued a press release related to a credit opinion on average every 20 minutes. And that's without needing to meaningfully increase our analytical staffing levels. And very importantly, we did this while maintaining the robust controls that the market and our regulators expect from us. And as you've heard me say, we're always looking for ways to invest inorganically in ratings because it's a great business. And if you recall in mid-2024, we invested further in GCR. That's the leading domestic credit rating agency in Africa taking our ownership up to almost 100%. In November, we expanded Moody's Local again this time into six more countries across Central America. And we're really pleased with the growth that we're seeing in Moody's Local revenues up 16% in 2024, and we signed several hundred first-time mandates. So that's a great expansion of the rated portfolio across the region and really bodes well for the future. So let me turn to Moody's Analytics for a few moments. We've invested there to enhance our product cloud traditional customer base. Banks and insurers, we've also expanded our data coverage and workflow solutions to serve large corporates in in-demand third-party risk domains, that includes things like KYC, supplier risk, trade credit, transfer pricing, and master data management. And within the last six months, we also made three important acquisitions that have enhanced our offerings in our banking and insurance businesses and added valuable data and analytics to our risk operating system. And those include Numerated, which extends our loan origination system for banks, CreditCat, which adds to our capabilities in Casualty Underwriting and Analytics, and most recently, in January, Tape Analytics, which enriches our insights on properties and will integrate with our cat risk models. So just a little bit more on Numerated for a moment. We've been collaborating with their team on joint offerings for some time. And that really highlighted the great fit between our respective lending workflow solutions. So there was an obvious industrial logic to this and we've had some really encouraging responses from our customers. In fact, we've already had a few noteworthy wins with tier two and tier three banks in the fourth quarter. With our enhanced end-to-end commercial lending offering and it's really resonating with our customers. Switching over to insurance, over the last several years, we've talked about the foundational investments that we've made in our cloud-based intelligent risk platform. We call that IRP. And these investments are now delivering meaningful ARR growth for our insurance business. In fact, in 2024, we grew the number of customers on their IRP by almost 20% and migrating to the IRP then enables insurers to reduce sometimes by as much as half the time that they need to model complex scenarios across billions of property locations. And as our platform hosts the most modern sophisticated high-definition models, our customers are able to better measure and quantify their financial exposure as well as monitor the evolving risk in their portfolios at scale. And this is helping to deepen our relationships with our customer base and expanding our strategic relationships with the largest global insurers, reinsurers, and brokers in the world. And I'd be remiss if I didn't mention that for the third consecutive year, Moody's was ranked number one in the Chartis Risk Tech 100 providing market validation of our best-in-class solutions serving nearly 15,000 analytics customers. So a lot to be proud of in 2024. And while we had a strong 2024, I'm very excited about 2025 and beyond due to a set of deep currents that are changing the way that businesses and markets operate. And given the investments that we've made over the last several years, we really are well positioned to ride those deep currents. And there are five that we are particularly focused on. First, the ongoing expansion and evolution of the debt capital markets. Second, the increasing pace of digital transformation and automation across industries. Third, the imperative for businesses to know more about who they're doing business with. Fourth, the growing needs across industries to understand the financial impact of extreme weather events and a changing climate. And fifth, the transformative power of generative AI and the potential unlock for owners of proprietary data in insights. So let me just double click on the impact of extreme weather for a moment because this has been so much in the headlines lately. And on past calls, we've talked about the need to better understand the physical risk relating to climate change. And when we announced the acquisition of RMS, a few years ago, some folks asked us why we thought it was important to have these capabilities. Well, after hurricanes Celine and Milton and the LA wildfires, I don't think anyone is questioning the need to better understand this. I really believe we are at an inflection point. In fact, the issue of insurability of assets both whether insurance is available and what the cost will be over time, has become a very important issue in property and financial markets. And we've witnessed the increasing frequency and severity of extreme weather events combined with ongoing property development and inflation which have made these events even more costly. And the demand to better understand these risks, not just by insurers, but by banks, investors, companies, governments, is only going up and that's why we acquired Tape Analytics. Their AI-powered technology delivers address-level risk insights which are a natural complement to our catastrophe models. And these sophisticated models combined with our really rich and deep data and insights on credit and economics and properties means that we are uniquely positioned to be the authoritative voice on quantifying the financial impacts of physical risk. And we see this need continuing for years into the future. So we feel good about these deep currents as durable demand drivers for our business. And Noémie is gonna walk you through our full year 2025 guidance assumptions in a moment. As we look forward after delivering a remarkable performance in 2024, gonna provide an update on the progress against our medium-term targets. But let me give you the bottom line. We have fundamentally strengthened the earnings power of this business. And that should support Moody's as a serial compounder in the years ahead. So with that, Noémie, over to you.
Noémie Heuland: Thank you, Rob, and hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Starting with our Q4 results, we delivered a very strong finish capping a year of remarkable financial performance in 2024. You can see the highlights from our full year results on slide nine. In Q4, MCO revenues were nearly $1.7 billion, up 13% year on year. And our adjusted diluted EPS was $2.69, up 20% year over year. MIS delivered its second-highest Q4 revenue on record with growth across all business lines. The anticipated volatility around the US election didn't materialize, and with spreads at their tightest levels in over a decade, particularly in spec grade, and the robust demand environment continued throughout the quarter until the last days of December. MIS revenue in Q4 was $809 million, up 18% year on year. The growth was driven primarily by three key factors. First, healthy leveraged loan issuance activity, which was up 134% in Q4. However, with the mix weighted towards refinancing and repricing, transactional revenue for that asset class was up 27%. Second, the continued strength from infrequent issuers in the banking and insurance sectors, and third, strong performance from structured finance particularly in U.S. CLOs and CMBS, reflecting strong demand in a very favorable spread environment. MIS's fourth-quarter performance and corresponding higher incentive compensation translated into a 51.3% adjusted operating margin, which exceeded our implied guidance. Turning to MA, we also had a strong Q4 with revenue of $863 million, up 8% year on year. Recurring revenue which accounts for 95% of total revenue, grew 10% year on year. Broadly in line with the 9.4% growth in ARR. As Rob said, Decision Solutions drove the performance with 12% growth year on year. We delivered strong growth across lines of businesses in Decision Solutions with Banking, Insurance, and KYC achieving ARR growth of 9%, 12%, and 17% respectively. More specifically, KYC ARR grew 17% with strong demand from customer and supplier risk data usage and sales from new customers. Insurance ARR grew 12%, driven by improved customer retention and strong demand for a cat model tool as extreme weather events are becoming more pervasive and impactful across industries. This is generating demand for best-in-class risk modeling solutions with the IRP. And our Q4 Q1 2025 acquisition of Tape Analytics only builds on this as Rob highlighted. Banking ARR grew 9%, reflecting strong customer retention and expansion of relationships with that are enabling customers lending risk management, and finance workflows. The other two lines of businesses in MA include our more established data and research franchises. Data and information grew ARR by 8%, driven by demand from Orbis within the corporate sector. Research and insights grew ARR by 6% with the attrition events from the asset manager space, we discussed earlier in the year affecting the growth rate. That said, sales, meaning cross-sell, upsell, or upgrades, grew meaningfully above ARR trends in FY24. And some of this was from upselling research assistance to our CreditGU customers which accounted for 25% of our overall research and insights ARR growth. We are encouraged by the customer engagement for research assistance, one of our Gen AI offerings, and that's building a healthy pipeline for 2025. And has already reached more than 100 customers in Q4. MA adjusted operating margin of 33.8% increased 240 basis points versus Q4 last year. Leading to a full-year margin of 30.7% which is towards the high end of our annual guide. Now turning to fiscal year 2025 guidance. We expect MCO revenue growth in the high single-digit range with an adjusted operating margin expanding by about 200 basis points to approximately 50%. And this is on the back of Exascale 2024 where we increased adjusted operating margin by 420 basis points. Our adjusted diluted EPS guidance range is a range of $14 to $14.50. Now for MIS, we expect market conditions will remain constructive this year with tight spreads. Declining high yield default rates, then upticking M&A activity. You'll see our issued outlook for individual asset classes on this slide. But all in all, we're projecting MIS rated issuance growth to be in the low single-digit range for 2025, with 700 to 800 first-time mandates. For MIS revenue, we expect growth in the mid to high single-digit percent range for the year benefiting from a positive issuance mix. We expect the revenue performance to translate into an adjusted operating margin of 62% to 63% which at the midpoint represents about 250 basis points of margin expansion year over year. For MA, we expect revenue growth in the high single-digit range with ARR growth in the high single-digit to low double-digit range. We expect MA adjusted operating margin to be between 32% and 33%, which at the midpoint represents 180 basis points of margin expansion year over year. Turning to what underpins MA and DX expected MCO margin expansion. We took a hard look at our operating model and believe we have an opportunity to simplify our organizational structure. In our analytics business, we are, for the most part, through the integration of the businesses we've acquired over the recent years. We are also gradually reorienting our go-to-market from selling individual products to selling end-to-end solutions to our customers in the banking, insurance, and corporate segments. This puts us in a position to combine resources in our customer-facing, marketing, product, and data engineering functions and further consolidate our real estate footprint. And also more broadly across the organization, we're starting to reap the benefit of the investments we made in automating our workflows, which translates into expected improvements in operating leverage. So in connection with this, today, we're announcing an efficiency program to simplify the organization allowing us to accelerate profitability expansion and redirect some investment capacity to strategic growth areas. We plan to incur between $200 and $250 million in restructuring charges over the two-year duration of the plan, primarily in personnel-related costs, for an expected total annualized cost savings in the range of $250 million to $300 million upon completion of the plan. We accrued approximately $45 million already in the fourth quarter, and expect to record an additional charge in the range of $80 million to $100 million in 2025, primarily in Moody's Analytics and to a lesser extent within our corporate functions. I note that we have included a full year 2024 to full year 2025 operating expense bridge in the appendix of this presentation to assist with modeling questions. And here's some color on how to think about the calendarization of the top line in 2025. We expect MIS revenue in full year 2025 to follow a similar quarterly pattern to 2024, with first-quarter revenue up in the mid-single-digit range from the first quarter of 2024, ramping up in the second quarter, before declining sequentially in our third and fourth quarter. For MA, we expect our year-over-year total revenue growth to be consistent in the high single-digit range throughout the year. With Q1 revenue being sequentially flat versus Q4 2024 a pattern that's consistent with the prior year. For operating expenses and excluding the impact from restructuring and asset abandonment charges, we expect expenses to follow a normal seasonal pattern. Sequentially, anticipate expenses to increase by about $10 million from Q4 to Q1, and then we anticipate operating expenses to follow a typical seasonal pattern, but to remain relatively stable throughout the remainder of the year. As savings associated with our efficiency program offset annual salary increases and variable costs associated with revenue. In terms of margin, we expect MIS to be in the mid-sixties in the first half, before declining in the second half in line with revenue. And for MA, we expect approximately 30% in the first quarter sequentially improving in the second half to achieve our full-year guidance of 32% to 33% as revenue ramps, as we start to see the savings from our efficiency plan in the second half. In terms of how these different dynamics translate into adjusted diluted EPS, we expect this to follow the MIS revenue cadence and more specifically for Q1, expect adjusted diluted EPS to be at the high end of the implied quarterly adjusted diluted EPS range of $3.50 to $3.60. So finally, looking beyond 2025, I'd like to talk about how we're tracking against our medium-term targets. It's been three years since we published those, and with almost a year in the CFO seat, I'm using this as an opportunity to take stock of how our performance has stacked up. The headline is this, 2024 adjusted diluted EPS is up 46% from two years ago. And the midpoint of our full-year 2025 guidance implies an 18% adjusted diluted EPS CAGR for the first three years. Significantly above the low double-digit medium-term target growth rate. Now a lot of this outperformance has been driven by very good execution, during a robust issuance environment, with MIS revenue up 40.5% in the last two years and MIS adjusted margin already exceeding 60% in 2024. We also have delivered strong organic growth in MA, reporting ARR growth consistently in the range of 9% to 10% over the last two years. As we look forward, we expect our retention rate to remain in the low to mid-nineties percent range and to continue to grow our new business at a low to mid-teens percent pace, enabling us to sustain ARR growth in this 9% to 10% range in the coming years. Of note, what's most notably different now from what we envisioned when we initially published our medium-term guidance is that our recent M&A has been at a smaller scale and focused on enriching our offering to fuel durable growth in our strategic growth areas including lending and casualty underwriting. On profitability, we've invested in Gen AI and process automation more broadly for internal efficiencies, we've invested in the build-out of the MA platform and our data interoperability, all of which are expected to generate increased operating leverage in the coming years. We expect that this coupled with our program to simplify our organizational structure, will translate into MA margin expansion in the mid to high thirty percent range by 2027. Now bringing this all together, for MTO, we are increasing the range for adjusted diluted EPS growth from the low double-digit percent growth to low to mid-teens percent growth range, reflecting our ongoing effort to improve the earnings power of our business. To wrap up, we believe that demand drivers and the execution of our strategy will deliver attractive and sustainable growth, and profitability expansion across market cycles. We remain committed to executing on our capital allocation strategy and anticipate consistent strong free cash flow returns to continue as we work to deliver on both our customers and shareholders. I'd like to thank all of our colleagues around the world for their remarkable contributions to another great year for Moody's, and with that, Rob, Mike, Steve, and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. If you would like to ask a question, please dial. If you are on a speakerphone, please pick up your handset and make sure that your mute function is turned off so that your signal reaches our equipment. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question. The option to rejoin the queue will be unavailable. Again, that is star one to ask a question. Monifin Nayak with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Monifin Nayak: Thank you. I just wanted to ask you about the medium-term guide. I just wanted to confirm if those were organic numbers, particularly on the MA side, and just maybe just some of the moving pieces in there. It sounds like, Noémie, from your last comment, maybe there's less M&A than what you initially thought. Is that correct?
Noémie Heuland: So we're in the third year of the medium-term target. As I said, I'm almost a year in the CFO seat, so it's a good time to take stock and look at how we did, how we're tracking. As I said, we're tracking ahead on MCO revenue and adjusted diluted EPS metrics. And MIS operating margin is already up 60%. So we've delivered strong organic growth in MA. We had reported growth consistently in the 9% to 10% range over the last two years, and I think that's what you should expect us to deliver over the medium term. What's to your point, what's to note, we had a bit lower contribution from M&A than what we initially envisioned when we published those medium-term targets initially. We had a different rates environment back then. So, again, we're committed to deliver 9% to 10% ARR growth, as I said, over the medium term, and that's mostly organic. We may do a bit of tuck, that's really what's driving the main change here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ashish Sabadra: Yeah. I just wanted to follow-up on that midterm question, particularly on margin. So the MIS margins are already at low 60%. So just wanted to better understand if there's not much room for margin expansion on with issuance just given the high incremental margins there. But also, what does it imply for earnings growth in the midterm? Are we implying a much more modest earnings growth profile? Any color that would be helpful. Thanks.
Noémie Heuland: So on MIS margin for 2025, just to kind of give you a little bit more color on what's on our guidance. You gotta remember we had higher incentive compensation accruals in 2024 as a result of the extraordinary performance. We rebaseline that at the beginning of each year. So, obviously, that gives us a bit of tailwind in margin for 2025. And then in terms of further out in the medium term, we're continuing to make investments in our ratings business. I mean, we mentioned the workflows, the rating workflows, the analytical tool so that we can make our analysts more efficient and really focus on what they do best, which is talking to our customers, our issuance, and doing some research. And we're continuing to invest in our risk and resiliency program as you know, we are regulated, and so we continue to improve and enhance our internal controls with automation there. And we're investing in a lot of areas that are going to fuel the growth of the ratings business in the long term, like private credit, sustainable finance, and I'm sure Mike and Rob can give some color on that as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks so much. I wanted to ask about MA margins. Really great quarter and higher than expected guide. You talked about the efficiency plan which was very helpful. Are you pulling back on investment at all? And just any additional color on simplification or the efficiency plan and maybe embedded in the whole thing is sort of AI. And if how you're thinking about investment there and cost savings from it. Thanks.
Noémie Heuland: Yeah. Thanks. I'll start, and I'll have Steve provide some color as well. As I said, we said, I think, in the last earnings call, we're mostly through our large investment cycles. We were redeploying now capital internally. We're self-funding some major investments around sales to go after the corporate segment. We've made we're making some investments there. We're continuing to invest in our platform. And our data estate as well. The efficiency is really coming from you know, that's the we're at the point where we've integrated, for the most part, the acquired entities. We're shifting a little bit our go-to-market to focus more end-to-end solutions towards our customer segment. That gives us some opportunity to simplify the organization and Steve can talk about some of the things he's doing. We've also, to your point, invested in Gen AI, that's delivered some very nice efficiency gains in engineering, as well as in our customer success group. So, obviously, we're starting to reap the benefits of that as well.
Steve Talinko: Everything you said there makes good sense. I would say the simplification dynamic is a rich one and I think a very valuable way to think about this. Maybe most importantly, we're concentrating on those use cases and those areas where we perceive the demand to be the richest among our customers. Rob talked about drivers of growth in the future and we're making investments in those concentrating on those, and redeploying toward those sometimes redeploying out of some areas that aren't going to be as fast growing. So that's probably the other big change there. Just to reinforce, Gen AI really is making a difference internally. We're pretty excited about the productivity gains we're seeing in engineering especially. And starting to see some on the sales side as well already seeing some in customer service, so pretty excited about that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm: Yes. Hey. Morning, everyone. I guess a good afternoon now. But very quickly on the rating sites, obviously, laid out kinda some of your expectations, but maybe you can dig a little bit deeper for 2025, the puts and takes. On the range, where do you think some upside can come from, for example, M&A? And what do you see as the biggest risk for the outlook here?
Rob Fauber: Hey, Alex. It's Rob. Thanks for the question. So let me give you a little insight into maybe a few of the, you know, some of the key assumptions here in the outlook. I mean, first of all, you know, economic growth, we think, is gonna support broader market activity. Spreads are tight. They may widen a little bit. During the balance of the year, but we'll still be well below historical levels we expect. And we think we're gonna see continued strong investor demand. Refinancing and improved M&A activity are gonna be key drivers. In regards to refi, there's a fairly wide range of assumptions about refi. Volumes for leveraged loans in particular for 2025 when you look across all the banks. And it ranges from, you know, leveraged loan issuance being substantially down to being up, and you could see in our webcast deck, we're kinda somewhere in between you know, down mid-single digits. So that's one. And the second is the second key variable is M&A activity. And we've assumed something like a 50% increase in M&A for 2025 meaning that M&A will be an increasing percent of the use of proceeds and that is favorable to revenue mix. And just to give you a sense of the sensitivity there, if it was something like 20% to 25% increase, that might be you know, two to three percentage points of revenue growth. We also haven't assumed any you know, any risk-off periods, you know, when you've got you know, a forecast that calls for more than $6 trillion of issuance. You know, we've assumed virtually all Blue Sky days. So there are a lot of things obviously that go into issuance. It's not just one assumption. But taken together, Alex, that explains our guidance range for revenues that spans mid to high single digits on low single-digit issuance growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Wurtzel with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Wurtzel: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to go back to Moody's Analytics. I'm wondering if you can speak to just the sort of broader demand environment that you're seeing and how sales cycles are trending. I know, you know, go back a quarter or two, maybe on the Gen AI side, there were some longer sales cycles. So wondering if we can get an update on that and just demand more broadly. Thanks.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. So maybe I'll take that. Thanks, Scott, for the question. So I think, first of all, the length of the sales cycle has not changed materially. Over the last eighteen to twenty-four months. I would say that's been a question we've heard a couple of times. And I think in general, we're seeing patterns that are consistent with the patterns we've seen in the last couple of years. I'd say we're very encouraged by the pipeline our new business production has actually been very good in 2024. Across the board and across segments. Retention strong in 2024 as well. We held, in fact, at the same level, actually slightly higher than what we saw in 2023. So retention about the same, maybe a little bit better. New business production in general, better across the board, and I would say pipeline going to 2025 is very strong as well. So very encouraging.
Noémie Heuland: And if I just ask so just gonna add on the new business growth. That was really an encouraging sign that we saw in research and insights. And across all the businesses, actually, where we had a new business growth going faster than ARR, and we had some very interesting use cases on Gen AI on research assistant and that gives us confidence on the outlook.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Owen Lau: Hi. Good afternoon, and thank you for taking my question. So again, I'm sorry for multiple questions here, but you expect your revenue to grow high single digit even though your ARR is expected to grow high single to low double digit. Should we expect this dynamic that is still, like, I don't know, maybe two, three percent gap between the two? Like, this dynamic to continue in the near to medium term, when and what does it take for revenue to actually accelerate to low double digit? And, also, how much have you baked in some of the new initiatives such as AI, MSCI partnership, and other new product launch in your guidance. Thanks a lot.
Noémie Heuland: So just a couple of things on revenue, first of all. There that can include some M&A, FX, and so ARR is an organic constant currency growth number. So that's just one clarification. In terms of the best way to look at it, ARR and recurring revenue over a trailing twelve months period should be pretty consistent. If you look at 2024, for example, our recurring revenue was in 9%, and that's very consistent with ARR. What's really driving the difference is this transactional revenue is going down and provides a bit of a headwind. Continue to see that in the foreseeable future as we have still that outside of the US in banking and insurance. But we expect that to continue to narrow as we migrate those customers over in the platform. Think that's the best way to look at it.
Owen Lau: How about guidance? Have you taken any AI and MSCI all these into your guidance?
Rob Fauber: We incorporate those into our plans. I would say the sales pipeline's big enough that they are contributors to the pipeline, but they're not major contributors or material contributors. Across the whole business. Yeah. I would say, though, that so it's all baked in, but Research Assistant has been very helpful to sales in research and insights. And 25% of the growth in research and insight ARR is from customers who subscribed to Research Assistant. And the weighted sales pipeline for Research Assistant is double the total sales for fiscal 2024. So we've got larger opportunities around workflow automation, and we're seeing good momentum. So it's an important contributor to growth even though it's modest in terms of the overall base of revenues.
Owen Lau: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Silber: Thank you so much. With all the discussion coming out of Washington, DC, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about first year of your exposure to the federal government as a customer. And then more broadly, in terms of some of the expected policy changes, what the impact on your business might be? Thanks.
Noémie Heuland: In terms of the overall impact, it's pretty small. We have an overall MCO level. It's less than 1% of our consolidated revenue, and maybe that Rob talk a little bit about some of his policy changes and how we're looking at that.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. So I think it's important to kinda zoom out for a moment. And just think about what the world's been through over the last five years and we've had a pandemic. We had a huge negative shock to GDP and employment. Then we had a huge monetary and fiscal stimulus in response. Then that led to record inflation and an interest rate shock. And as the pandemic subsided, we had two military conflicts in key energy-producing regions. But through all of this, the global economy has been surprisingly resilient and it's been able to adapt. I think it's important just to keep that backdrop because, you know, obviously, there's a large volume of executive orders and policy directives that span a number of different issues, but the headlines don't, you know, tell all the story. You know, I think we'll see some impact you know, in certain sectors based on what happens with tariffs, and you can imagine sectors like autos and retail and steel and aluminum, immigration, sectors like agriculture and hospitality and construction. You could see on fossil fuel producers, so they're gonna be, you know, I think some again, some puts and takes here. We may see you know, more broadly a stronger economic environment that's gonna be good for issuance in general. So I think you know, from a also from a rating agency perspective, we're really gonna anchor on the credit impacts of all this and know, we're putting out a lot of research about know, what those impacts could be.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Motemaden: Hey. Good morning. I had a question just on the higher medium-term outlook for MIS revenue, the high single to low double-digit growth now. Versus mid to high growth when you guys last updated these medium-term targets. Could you help me think through what's driving that uptick? Were there any big movements in the long-term building blocks that you've given in the past? Or is it just M&A coming back that's driving that? And maybe also if you could just talk about how we should think about the third-party private credit rating assessments contributing to that as well would be helpful.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. So I think maybe the first thing just to anchor on is you know, this is we're still anchoring off of the base year of 2022 and the medium-term targets that we put out. So we're now a couple of years into that. We've got guidance out for the third year, and we're kinda looking out to now where do we think we're gonna be five years out in 2027? So we've got two years in the books. We've got a year of guidance. And two years of unknown. And so what you're seeing is us now just updating, and an important part of that is the performance that we've already achieved. So, you know, that hopefully, that gives you a sense. But, Mike, maybe just talk a little bit about some of the you know, the demand drivers for issuing because I think that also gives some insight into the durability of growth in ratings.
Mike West: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, Rob. As Rob mentioned earlier, what you've got is a lower rate of M&A over the last few years that we do anticipate to come back because there's large pent-up demand. But if I move away from some of those traditional M&A refunding studies and think a little bit more broadly, about the growth of private credit, whether that is in direct lending, whether that's in securitization, whether that's in fund finance, or whether it's in the broader reallocation of capital into the private market away from the banks. Then on top of that, got to think about some of the drivers in that sustainable and transition finance area. There are clean energy commitments around 93% of global GDP, which is expected to translate in investment needs of about two and a half times by 2030. And Rob also talked about digitalization and digital infrastructure, which again is another multitrillion-dollar market that needs long-term financing for long-term assets, and that could be project financing, could be corporate finance, or it could be some form of securitization. So when we think of that third building block the evolution of the debt capital markets. These are some of the things that we're investing in, are engaging in with market participants and feel very good as part of that medium-term story.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
George Tong: Hi. Thanks. Good afternoon. With respect to the MA segment and your medium-term target of high single, low double-digit growth, how are you thinking about growth by subsegments? So decision solutions, research and insights, and data and information, and what do you see as driving the differences in growth? Between those segments?
Steve Talinko: Maybe I'll take a I'll talk to that, George. Thanks for the question. It's Steve. First of all, if you just think about the core franchises, these franchises have been around literally for decades. The data information business, the research and insights business. These businesses have, you know, demonstrated a good track record of solid growth, maybe above average for the industry or above average for a peer group. With ARR numbers in the high single digits, we think that's gonna continue very reliably into the future. You've got continued investments in terms of data quality, data coverage, and as well as tools like the Gen AI tools we've talked about as well. So we believe these to be strong solid performers in the future delivering good retention and good new business numbers. The decision solutions unit where you have some of the higher growing businesses most notably, KYC and third-party risk management work that we do to help people understand who they do business with, that you know, that's put up some really nice numbers in terms of ARR numbers in the recent past and continues to do so. We think, in the future. So you should see higher growth in the decision solutions segment, maybe high single-digit growth in these core franchises that have been around for a long time. High growth in decision solutions driven by a lot of innovation, and a lot of work to make our customers' jobs easier leveraging our data, our analytics, and our software together to solve problems and to help them do their jobs. So I think you'll see a differentiation that way.
George Tong: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Christiansen with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Peter Christiansen: Thank you. Good afternoon. Great to be a part of the call. Really nice execution here. I wanna get back on the M&A side. You know, you've had some really good speed to market on some new products, some enhancements. I was just talking just like to hear any color on your ability to pass on value-based pricing across a number of your products and segments subsegments there. Then lastly, just curious how you're thinking about headcount for MIS and growth there potentially. Thanks.
Steve Talinko: Maybe I'll start with the questions about MA. Welcome to the call there. Nice to have you on board, by the way. Nice. You know, the value-based philosophy is, I think, one that we have long talked about and long maintained. We think it's really important to the process, you know, inflation is not as important as the value we create for customers. For example, in MA, we actually provide some statistics. I'm sure Shivani will have this in our investor deck. Where we dimension the contributions that come from upgrades and price. And you'll see those are contributions that are very stable and continue over the course of the last couple of years and we expect it to continue in the future. I think that number was around 7% in 2024, just to give you a benchmark. So the contributions from pricing, I think, are stable and we expect them to continue going forward.
Noémie Heuland: Do you wanna talk about the staffing question? For MIS, I think we we've talked about earlier and that actually drove our part of our performance in the fourth quarter and the full year. We're invested significantly in automation and rating workflow to make our analysts more efficient, and we expect us to you can expect us to continue to do that. We'll obviously continue to invest in our skill set. We have the best analysts that will continue to invest and grow, but probably less than the pace of revenue growth given the investments we've made in automation.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. The one other thing I'd add, you know, double-clicking on Steve's point about you know, the value prop. It's really interesting. You have so many customers who are focusing on efficiency and digitization and automation and all of these things. And I think we've talked a little bit about you know, the example of what's going on with our CreditView offering with research assistant where the value prop itself is changing. So CreditView with no Gen AI enablement is a research subscription product. And CreditView with Gen AI enablement, research assistant, custom AI workflows, those kinds of things, is actually something where people can start to say, how do I change the leverage model for labor in my you know, whether it's my investment team or my research team or whatever it may be, that's a very different conversation and a very different value proposition. Now the cycle time to have those conversations is different, but that's a pretty exciting evolution of that particular product.
Peter Christiansen: Thank you. Compelling narrative. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Thank you. Rob or Mike, can you just talk further about private credit, the I'm curious what if you're willing to give this, what percent of your ratings revenue came from private credit last year? How do you see the market growing here to add your ratings growth rates in the coming years here? And then, Noémie, if you could just throw in there what the what's the incentive comp number in the fourth quarter and for the full year, how that changed year over year? Thank you.
Rob Fauber: Craig, yeah, let me give you so we don't know, we don't break out exactly like you're asking, but we can give you some data points to give you an insight into the traction that private credit is getting within the franchise. So I mentioned in my prepared remarks that you know, we had nearly 400 private credit mandates across all of ratings. Now that includes things like ratings on, you know, BDCs, sub-lines, closed-end funds, you know, the suite of fund finance, but also asset-backed finance and middle market CLOs, private ratings for investors. So you know, and that has grown very significantly in the course of one year. And also just to give you a sense, because Fund Finance is certainly a growing area and I think it's gonna continue to grow for a number of years. And fund finance is in our FIG we address that through our FIG rating franchise, in 2024, 30% of our first-time mandates in FIG were private credit related. So again, this goes back to the when you look at it in the total base, it's still modest, but when you look at it as a percent of growth, you can see that this is starting to make a difference. Do you have anything you wanna add just in terms of how we're addressing private credit?
Mike West: Yeah. And thanks for your question, Craig. I mean, as Rob said, we definitely see private credit as a tailwind. It's a rapidly evolving space across all those asset classes. And it's very important when you think about the originator the transparency around the credit quality there, they're looking to move on to the buyer, and then many of the buyers again, want to know their credit quality and an independent view of that credit quality because many of these buyers are sensitive. With regard to regulation and their own capital allocation. So, again, there's many trends that support why independent opinion is very important in a growing asset class. And the way that we've organized ourselves is because it's across all of these different franchises that at the very highest level, we have to organize around leadership so we can engage with all these players that may be touching in these different franchises. And, therefore, we have dedicated commercial people, dedicated analytical teams. But the very good thing is that we have depth and we have experience in each of our lines of business and the appropriate methodologies. So as they start to develop as individual areas of asset class, we are able and available to discuss at a very early stage, and that's what's very important when you have an evolving market like this. So I feel very good about going into 2025 and over the medium term.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler with Baird. Go ahead.
Jeff Meuler: Yeah. Thank you. The medium-term growth guidance, obviously, really good. But as Rob said, a lot's updating for performance already achieved. I think, mathematically, it implies lower growth in 2026 and 2027 relative to what I'd consider your longer-term structural growth, especially in MIS. Are there any specific callouts there? Should we just not read too much into that? I think Rob said there's kinda blue sky assumptions for issuance in 2025. But 2025 MIS doesn't look overly inflated. Any means relative to the long-term trend, and Mike sounded positive on structural growth. If you could just help us reconcile what's implied for 2026 and 2027. Thank you.
Rob Fauber: Maybe the fundamental takeaway for me is you know, we're not downgrading our growth assumption for ratings. And hopefully, what you're hearing is some real confidence about the medium-term drivers of issuance. So that may be the math. Remember, we've got ranges and other things in here that we're expressing it in ranges. But I don't want you to take away that we think somehow the growth outlook has been dampened for the ratings business.
Noémie Heuland: Yeah. One other thing I would add is you look at the overall picture is we're really reflecting the MA growth rates that we've observed across our different businesses. Steve talked about the nuances between our mature franchises and decision and, data and information, research and insights, and the faster-growing businesses in decision solutions. So that's one element. And the other piece that I really wanna point out is we're focusing on increased profitability, especially in MA. And that's something that's driving increased profitability going forward, and that's what's behind partially the increase in the adjusted diluted EPS rate.
Jeff Meuler: Hear you loud and clear. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Steinerman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Andrew Steinerman: Hi, Noémie. I just wanted to talk about the contribution of M&A in the quarter for both MA and MIS and also going forward is the Cape acquisition and the guide. I'm not sure if that closed.
Noémie Heuland: Yeah. So it was really small for the fiscal 2024, Andrew. We had maybe 25 bps of revenue growth for MA. And then for the full year 2025, what's embedded in our guide you have a little bit of tailwind from M&A, but you also have some FX headwinds. So net-net the net of two is really not material to our fiscal year 2025 guidance.
Andrew Steinerman: I think Cape is it.
Noémie Heuland: Cape is it. Yes.
Andrew Steinerman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Russell Quelch with Redburn Atlantic. Please go ahead.
Russell Quelch: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for having me on. In respect of ARR growth, within KYC. Sorry. Had been some expectations that I would mature after the booms post the pandemic and the Ukraine Gaza conflict. Can you talk about what's driving a reacceleration of growth in that area and how sustainable is in the high teens range? And then separately, MSCI said on its conference call, it was having further conversations with you about expanding your partnership, which is currently in ESG. It's perhaps other areas including private credit. Can you provide an update perhaps on that from your perspective?
Steve Talinko: It's the KYC. Yeah. So we are believers that we have a better mousetrap when it comes to KYC and third-party risk management. Whether you're talking about knowing who you're doing business with as a customer or a supplier, and we've made investments across the board, really, in terms of data, in terms of models that would help you make decisions on whether or not you should do business with this customer. As well as software to organize coordinate your thoughts and remember why you decided to work with that customer. So we're releasing those features and those products literally all the time. Those investments we think are gonna be very worthwhile and contribute to this growth rate. This has been a good grower for us, and we could expect it to continue.
Rob Fauber: And I would say the other thing I'd note here is that we are increasingly helping people with the labor associated with doing this work. So not just but helping and maybe coordinating and helping make things more efficient in that respect once they identify someone they want to investigate and learn more about, we're helping to do that much more quickly. So the number of people required to do this work can go down when they become a customer of ours. And to be clear, it's not by us providing bodies to do that. It's providing software, data, and analytics and AI enablement. Just a couple of things I'd add. To what Steve said. You know, we had some nice growth in the quarter. We had some very large expansions of our relationships with several of the largest banks in the world. And I think that that really is validation of the value of the Orbis dataset and the other analytics that go along with it. The other thing is and, you know, we talked about this on last year's call that we were developing a platform to address a variety of use cases for corporates all drawing on you know, this massive company data and then other datasets to support things like customer onboarding and monitoring supplier risk and so on. Well, we've now launched that. And so we're excited about that because we think that's gonna give us a good entree into the large corporate market and provide support for the growth in our KYC segment.
Noémie Heuland: Hey. Before we go to the next question, I just wanna go back to Craig's question of incentive comp. I realized we passed that. So on the for 2024 incentive comp total was $507 million, Craig, with $133 million in Q4. And we're projecting around $420 to $440 for 2025.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. Hey, Rob. It seems like some of the early slowness that we saw in adoption in research assistant has turned around, and it looks like things are really starting to pick up well there. I was wondering if you could update us and some of the other capabilities that you added, like the, you know, the automated credit memo, the early warning system. What are you seeing over there in terms of traction? And do you expect a similar type of adoption path as what you're seeing for research assistance, or do you think that those things could take a little bit longer because the customers might need to do a little bit more on their side in terms of process?
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Maybe a couple of things, and I'm also gonna ask Steve to add on here. First, we have Gen AI enabled a number of our products now through the course of the year. I think we talked about last year, you know, this concept of navigators which helps our customers use AI and as an interface and get more out of our applications. We've done that across eight primary solutions. And that is not an a la carte offering that we sold. That's included in the solution, but that's gonna go to really helping with the overall value prop and retention and pricing opportunity for us. And we know that to be true because we have some really encouraging data points from research assistant where we see customer satisfaction is considerably higher. We see the usage on the platform is considerably higher. So that gives us confidence there. And, you know, you're right. We have launched several other, what I would call, a la carte products. They're early days and anything that, again, is selling into the banks, so there's lots of really good conversation particularly about, you know, early warning. But like research assistant, these sales cycles take time with the bank. Steve, anything you wanna add to that?
Steve Talinko: Well, number one, we have people meeting with some of your colleagues, not you, Shlomo, but some of the people on this call literally today talking about these things. I would say the big institutions are increasingly talking about this as a transformational moment. And we're starting to hear quotes like, Steve, can you help us save one million hours of work by leveraging your tools? Right? Is there a way for us to can we literally have a proposal that is literally intended to displace a knowledge-based outsourcer by using some of these more refined workflows and persona-based Gen AI tools? So the prompt engineering that we're able to do now is progressing to the level where we're able to help people literally do their job and replace some of the labor and we're starting to see that in the pipeline. Starting to see the adoption curve a change in tenure from I need to meet regulations to I'm starting to get confidence that we can let's see if we can develop a business case to do that. So I think there's some pretty exciting green shoots in that respect.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Jason Haas with Wells Fargo.
Jason Haas: Hey. Good afternoon, and thanks for taking my question. I wanted to follow-up on the MIS revenue growth in Q4. It looks like I was looking specifically at the MIS transaction revenue growth. It was up 29% in Q4, but the issuance growth was up 42%. So I was curious what drove that delta like it was maybe on the corporate finance side, but, yeah, maybe you can help explain a little bit better why the revenue is weaker relative to issuance.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. It really relates to bank loans. So there was very robust bank loan issuance by our definition. We include repricings as issuance volume. And so in the fourth quarter, something like 55% bank loan volume was repricings. And that's the highest that we've seen in any quarter for a long time. And the, you know, the economics on repricings are much different for us. So, actually, if you strip out essentially, if you just take out bank loans out of issuance and take bank loans out of transaction revenues, you know, we would have had you know, by our definition issuance of, you know, something like mid-teens percent growth, but we would have had, you know, call it, you know, 30% transaction revenue growth. So that I think that's primarily what was going on there. One other thing I'd add is we do see a lot of repricing activity in January. So strong loan volume, but repricing activities, so keep that in mind.
Operator: And I will now turn the call back to Rob for any closing remarks.
Rob Fauber: Okay. Well, thanks, everybody, for your time and your questions and we look forward to talking to you in the first quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: This concludes Moody's Corporation fourth quarter 2024 earnings call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the investor resources section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay will be made available after the call on the Moody's IR website. Thank you.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-22 11:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Moody's Corporation Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers following the presentation. I will now turn the call over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shivani Kak: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I'm Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the third quarter 2024 as well as our revised outlook for select metrics for full year 2024. The earnings press release and the presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release filed this morning for reconciliations between all adjusted measures referenced during this call in U.S. GAAP. I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the management's discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the SEC's website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Fauber: Thanks Shivani. Good morning or good afternoon. Thanks everybody for joining today's call. I'm really looking forward to discussing our third quarter results with you. And we again delivered some impressive results with a 23% increase in revenue and adjusted operating margin of approximately 48% and 32% growth in adjusted diluted EPS. And one of the key drivers of these great results was our rating business with a remarkable 41% increase in revenue versus the prior year period. September was a particularly strong month for issuance. It included a new record for weekly investment-grade activity with over $85 billion issued across 61 deals in the first week of September. Strength in first time and infrequent issuers drove transactional revenue up 70% for the quarter, and that outpaced global rated issuance growth of 51%. And this growth, combined with ongoing cost discipline, delivered over 600 basis points in adjusted operating margin expansion compared to last year. So, this year has obviously been a very strong issuance environment. In fact, it's likely to be the second strongest on record. And amidst that strength, we see both cyclical and secular tailwinds that are going to drive future growth. And that includes refunding walls, M&A, and other market trends that give us confidence in the medium-term outlook for our Ratings business. In MA, we delivered 7% overall revenue growth and 9% growth for both ARR and recurring revenue, both of which exclude one-time revenue that we're intentionally deemphasizing. Year-to-date customer retention is at 93%, and our adjusted operating margin for the quarter was in line with our expectations at 30.3%. Now, our Decision Solutions line of business and that is banking, insurance, and KYC, that continues to lead MA with almost $1.4 billion of ARR, and that's growing at 12%. And last month, we marked the third anniversary of our RMS acquisition. So, I'm going to spend a few minutes on today's call recapping our progress and performance there. When I finish, I'll turn it over to Noémie to provide more color on our numbers, including raises to several of our full year guidance metrics, including our outlook for adjusted diluted EPS. But before I move to MIS, I do want to take a moment to acknowledge our third consecutive number one ranking in the Chartis RiskTech100. We're number one in 12 categories, and that's a testament to the breadth and depth of our solutions to the strength of our competitive positioning and to the trust that our customers place in us. So, a big shout out to all my colleagues who contributed to this fantastic recognition. Now, moving to ratings. As I mentioned, we feel really good about the durable drivers of MIS growth as we look into the future. And those are both cyclical and structural. So looking at the market drivers, as you all know very well, the refunding walls are a key source of built-in growth. And last week, our analytical teams published their analytical report on the nonfinancial corporate refi walls in both the US and EMEA. And that data shows an 11% growth in the upcoming 4-year maturity walls which amount to almost $5 trillion, and that represents a record high. Now the majority of this growth is actually coming from spec grade issuers, where for the first time, forward maturity walls exceeded $2 trillion, and that's up 19% from our last study. That's particularly true for the US market, where forward maturities are up 17% and spec-grade refi walls are up approximately 27% for the upcoming 4 years. And that bodes very well for future issuance. And as I think many of you know, spec grade is obviously a positive to our revenue mix. Now for any of you that want to dive deeper, and I'm sure there are many on this call, just check out the 4 reports that we've made available on our website at moodys.com or contact our IR team. Now another significant historical driver of ratings revenue growth is M&A. And activity in recent years has been well below historical levels, as you can see on this chart. But we don't see that subdued level as sustainable given the needs for private equity sponsors to both exit as well deploy huge amounts of capital, along with a more benign rate environment and improved macroeconomic conditions. Now along with these market factors, there are also some structural trends that we believe will drive both credit supply and the need for independent third-party ratings and assessments. The first is private credit. That's been a consistent theme on our recent calls. And this sector is experiencing some significant growth. We expect that to continue. Last week, we published estimates that private credit assets under management will reach up to $3 trillion by 2028. And as this market grows, the need for transparency, data and rigorous independent credit assessment is likely to become more important than ever. And as Apollo highlighted in our recent Investor Day, rating agencies have an important role to play in this ecosystem. I completely agree with that, and we're gearing up to ensure that we meet the needs of this market. Now the second is sustainable in transition finance. And to put this opportunity into context, currently, countries and companies that have net zero commitments that cover something like 93% of global GDP, and our analysts estimate that in order to meet these targets, global clean energy investment needs are going to rise by 2.5 times by 2030 to around $4.5 trillion annually. So that means huge amounts of debt capital is -- are going to be raised, and there's going to be increasing demand understand how these investments are translating to organizations progress on their decarbonization efforts. So we're investing to provide the insights, the analysis and the products to meet this demand. Now third growth driver is emerging and domestic debt markets. And many of you have heard me say before that domestic debt market issuers are the cross-border issuers of tomorrow. And while smaller than developed economies, emerging market countries typically average higher economic growth rates than more developed markets. So we've been investing to build out our footprint and market leadership across Asia, Africa and Latin America, so that we are poised to capitalize on this growth. Finally, we're positioning our Ratings business for a world of digital finance, and that includes blockchain and tokenization. And while the issuance volumes are relatively modest at present, there are a number of public and private sector initiatives and pilots in this space, and we want our ratings to play just as important a role in a digital issuance world as they do in today's analog world. So as I said, a number of factors that give us confidence about our growth, both in the near-term and over the medium-term for MIS. Now as I mentioned earlier, we've just hit the third anniversary of our RMS acquisition, so I thought it made sense to take stock of our progress on today's call. And some of you may remember the financial profile of RMS before we acquired it, low single-digit revenue growth, EBITDA margins in the high teens. And it was also early in its second cloud platform launch. And our investment thesis at the time was twofold. First, we thought there was much more that we could do for the insurance industry as we expanded our TAM to the property and casualty sector. And second, we believe that RMS' really rich climate and cat modeling capabilities would be increasingly important to a wide range of finance and risk applications and also for a broader range of customers. We also thought that Moody's represented a natural home for RMS after years of ownership by DMGT. So three years later, how have we done? Well, first, RMS is now fully integrated into our Insurance Solutions business. Its growth has improved significantly over the last three years and now is growing in line with the mid-teens ARR growth of our broader insurance business. It's also now operating at MA-like margins. Since we acquired RMS, we've also grown the number of customers on the cloud-based intelligent risk platform fivefold to over 250. And these customers are using our next generation of high-definition models, enabling them to get more granular insights, leveraging the power of cloud computing and also offering a great up-sell pathway and competitive differentiator. Now as part of Moody's RMS has also expanded the ways that it partners with the insurance industry. That includes last year's partnership with NASDAQ, where we're hosting third-party and in-house models on the IRP, our creation of a cyber industry steering group are the largest players in cyber insurance market to develop tools to help this market grow and our recent collaboration with Lloyd's to build a greenhouse gas emission platform for the Lloyd's insurance market. And three years later, together with Moody's, RMS has solidified its blue-chip customer base with all 10 of the top 10 global reinsurance brokers, nine of the top 10 commercial lines insurers and 28 of the top 30 global reinsurers. That really is market validation of RMS as the gold standard in the industry. We continue to invest to extend the solutions that we deliver for the insurance sector and beyond. And in early September, we announced the acquisition of Praedicat to expand into casualty analytics, and that's an area of growing interest for insurers. And as I've talked about in past calls, we've leveraged RMS' platform, technology and engineering teams across all of Moody's Analytics, and we've integrated their climate capabilities into solutions for banks and corporates. So we feel really good about the progress with RMS. And earlier this year, we merged RMS in our legacy Life business into a broader Moody's Insurance Solutions unit. So I feel even more confident about how this positions us for the future, both across the insurance industry, but also with respect to our ability to serve the needs of organizations to better understand physical risks from extreme weather and a changing climate. With that, I'm going to hand it over to Noémie to provide more details on our numbers.
Noémie Heuland: Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everyone. Q3 was a record quarter, the highest third quarter revenue performance in Moody's history, with strong growth across revenue and profitability metrics, driving 32% adjusted diluted EPS growth and a free cash flow conversion rate of over 100% of net income. We delivered $1.8 billion of revenue, a 23% increase compared to last year with Moody's ratings growing transactional revenue by 70%, well above the 51% growth in global issuance. And that truly demonstrates the impressive strength of our ratings franchise. We executed very well across all sectors with the most notable contribution from corporate finance, investment-grade transaction revenue growth of 137%, exceeded 84% growth in issuance, and that was driven by sustained levels of infrequent issuer activity as well as large jumbo deals over the summer. In addition, leverage finance transaction revenue grew 67%. That's approximately $80 million, supported by the favorable spread environment. Collectively, this drove the largest third quarter for corporate finance revenue on record. The level of infrequent issuer activity, which was the strongest in over a decade, also drove a favorable revenue mix in FIG, where transaction revenue grew 77%, well above issuance growth of 18%. Turning to Moody's Analytics. Revenue grew 7%, including 1 point of growth from FX. Recurring revenue, which is now 95% of the segment revenue grew 9%, which was in line with our AR growth. As Rob mentioned earlier, our year-to-date retention rate is 93%, illustrating the stickiness of our solution. Consistent with recent quarters, revenue growth was driven by recurring revenue in Decision Solutions, which is over 40% of our total revenue, which, as Rob said, delivered 12% year-on-year ARR growth. Let me provide some color on each of the main businesses in this segment. Banking revenue grew 3%. What's happening here is we have the effect of two opposite dynamics. On the one hand, we had double-digit decline in low-margin transactional revenue and flat growth in on-prem sales year-over-year. On the other hand, we continue to invest in our banking platform and focus our sales efforts to drive recurring revenue growth which was 10% in Q3, aligned with ARR growth and aligned with the first half of 2024. We observed similar trends in our insurance business, where revenue grew 7% and driven by recurring revenue growth of 11%, and our insurance ARR grew 13%. KYC delivered 19% recurring revenue growth. We've continued to deliver higher levels of growth from the non-financial corporate and government sectors. And we're actively investing to scale and sustain this level of growth as we expand our capabilities to deliver integrated solutions for a number of key customer workflows, including compliance, supply chain and trade credit. Outside of Decision Solutions, our research and insights and data information businesses grew reported revenue by 6% and 7%, respectively, which is broadly in line with ARR growth. Data and Information ARR growth was a bit lower this quarter at 8% as a couple of large federal government contracts, which contributed to higher growth in 2023 were renewed at a lower value this quarter. Overall, it was an exceptionally strong quarter. MIS revenue performance translated into a 320 basis point improvement in the total company adjusted operating margin, a 32% growth in adjusted diluted EPS and over 100% of net income to free cash flow conversion year-to-date. MIS achieved 59.6% adjusted operating margin and that includes the adjustments to reflect the impact of increased incentive compensation accruals, while MA delivered 30.3% adjusted operating margin, a sequential improvement of 180 bps from Q2. With a record third quarter and continued strength in the market, we are updating guidance to our full year ratings revenue, underpinned by revised global issuance growth assumptions for the full year across all asset classes, as you can see on this slide. We expect issuance will continue to be supported by opportunistic activity in the fourth quarter as issuers take advantage of lower rates, high spreads and strong investor demand. We also expect sustained levels of activity within first-time mandates, which we forecast will revert close to pre-pandemic levels. Our revised guidance of mid-30s percentage range issuance growth for the full year, now implied a mid single-digit decline in global issuance for the fourth quarter, which is an improvement from an expected decline in the mid-teens back in July. Now with that backdrop, we are raising our guidance for MIS revenue growth to high 20s percentage range, which at the higher end of the range, would translate into an increase in Q4 ratings revenue expectation versus prior guidance. We are raising MIS adjusted operating margin to a range of 59% to 60%, up 100 basis points from prior guidance. The upward revision to our guidance range accounts for the adjustment to our incentive compensation, as well, what's included in the full year range is approximately 50 basis points of headwind from the settlement of a regulatory matter, which we recorded and disclosed in Q2. For MA, we're maintaining our guidance across all metrics. Taking all this into consideration, we are now expecting Moody's revenue to grow in the high teens percentage range, expenses to increase by approximately 10% and adjusted operating margin in the range of 47% to 48%. Consistent with last year, the revised expense outlook primarily reflects increases to incentive compensation, the majority of which will be in MIS as a result of the upward revisions to the full year ratings revenue outlook. We are also updating our free cash flow guidance to approximately $2.3 billion. And in addition, we are increasing and narrowing our adjusted diluted EPS guidance range to $11.90 to $12.10, an $0.80 increase at the midpoint and a growth of approximately 21% versus the prior year. Before we go into Q&A, I want to say, I'm very proud of our team's performance this quarter, and Rob and I cannot thank our colleagues enough for their hard work and dedication. That concludes our prepared remarks. And operator, will open the line for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks so much. I wanted to pick up on the data and information, ARR slowdown from last quarter. I think, Noémie, you mentioned the government contracts renewing at a lower value. Was this reduction in number of products that were being purchased, or was it pricing or something else? And maybe just what percentage of revenues related to government? Was this federal government? And are there any more renewals with government coming up? Thanks.
Noémie Heuland: Yes, thanks. We -- actually, this is something we've kind of signaled in the last earnings call, where we had some large federal government contracts up for renewal in the second half of the year. So what you saw here in decision -- in data and information, we had a lower renewal with one of our large federal government contract, that's associated pretty much their spending patterns. As you know, we're in election year. So they are looking at their overall contract space, and we expect to see some renewals being a little bit more challenged this year, but we've accounted for those in the third quarter, and we don't expect any largest one affecting the remainder of the year. In addition to that, in data and information, the thing that affected a bit the ARR growth this quarter is the transition of some of our customers into the MSCI. And we also signaled that earlier in July when we were on this call. Some of our customers are transitioning and sourcing their sustainability content directly from MSCI. So that's affected a bit the pipeline and the existing renewals of those customers as well.
Toni Kaplan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashish Sabadra from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks for taking my question. Rob, thanks for flagging both the near and midterm secular and cyclical tailwinds for issuance. But it was also – as you mentioned, the second strongest issuance here. So what we want to understand is can these near-term issuance tailwind help offset the headwinds from tougher comps and the pull forward as well as the revenue tailwinds from the infrequent issuers? Or do we need to normalize before we can start to grow off those levels? Thanks.
Rob Fauber: Ashish, are we talking about 4Q? Are you talking -- are you starting to look towards 2025?
Ashish Sabadra: More 2025. Thanks.
Rob Fauber: All right. So maybe what I'll do here, Ashish, is just kind of tackle early – very early – too early thoughts on 2025 and maybe what some of the headwinds and tailwinds might be. And I guess, I have to do the health warning of we're not introducing guidance for fiscal 2025 yet. We'll do that on the next earnings call. So I'll just talk about what we know now. Certainly, we don't know exactly how the year is going to finish up. But I would say that I think the balance of tailwinds to headwinds for issuance for next year, is probably in favor of the tailwinds. So we all know that this has been a huge issuance here. Yes, there been some pull forward. I imagine we'll talk about that later on the call. This is probably – you heard me say probably going to be the second biggest year for issuance on record. So it does create some tough comps for sure. And how the year-end finishes up, it definitely factors into that. But I would say that we've got some very constructive issuance conditions. Absent, of course, exogenous events that can create uncertainty and volatility, but that should support issuance. So, let's tick through what those are. First, the spec-grade default rate has actually been declining, and we expect that to decline further into next year. That means that spreads should remain tight. They are very, very tight right now. Spreads are near their all-time lows. The expectation of lower interest rates and combine that with tight spreads, that's going to give a very, I think, favorable environment for new issuance and also for some refi. Then we've got the refunding walls that I talked about, the nearly $5 trillion over the next four years, but in particular, the real strength around in growth in the spec-grade maturity walls. M&A has picked up, I would say, kind of modestly this year versus the last two years. But I certainly would expect that recovery to continue into 2025. I mentioned that there's just -- there's more and more of a need for both sponsors to exit but also sponsors to put a lot of dry powder to work. And that is going to happen at some point. And then we've got some of those medium-term tailwinds. And again, I'm sure I'll get asked about private credit and transition finance. Both of those are going to be, I think, catalysts for demand for ratings and credit assessment, but also for issuance of debt as we transition to -- to a cleaner energy economy. Now, thinking about the headwinds for a moment, I would say the market is still very data dependent. So, you've got macroeconomic factors, whether it's jobs or inflation or growth that could signal either a harder landing or softer landing or higher for longer. That could impact issuance and we've seen a little bit of that throughout the year. It's -- we've got an election coming up in a few weeks, and we'll see what that means for the antitrust environment and whether that is favorable and not favorable for M&A and then, of course, geopolitical events. We basically got two wars going on around the world. I think a third event would be -- the global economy has been surprisingly resilient so far, but I think that could really be tested if there was something -- another shoe to drop. And when I talk to companies, they all say that geopolitical events are kind of at the top of the risk register. So, hopefully, that gives you a sense. But like I said, on balance, I think, modestly skewed to the positive from where we sit right now in terms of issuance for the year.
Ashish Sabadra: That’s great color. Thanks Rob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Wurtzel from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Scott Wurtzel: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Wanted to stick on the topic of the issuance here. And Rob, maybe wondering if you can share just where we are with debt velocity right now? Obviously, I know it's a strong quarter for issuance, but just on the balance of things, where we are with debt velocity and how you're thinking about that? Thanks.
Rob Fauber: Yes. So, obviously, debt velocity has generally been improving just given the strength of the issuance environment. And -- so it's interesting, if you actually go back and look at -- kind of take a historical look at issuance. So, this year, we're going to be probably just under $6 trillion. And if you go back to, say, 2012, -- and I know a CAGR is not a perfect thing to do in this situation. But you'd have a CAGR of something like 3.5% in terms of the growth of issuance from 2012. I understand it's not linear, but growing a little bit more than GDP growth. But if you look at the stock, the total stock of nonfinancial corporate debt outstanding, that's grown by something more like 7% over that period of time. So it's interesting. The debt -- that means, therefore, that debt velocity has been below kind of the historical averages just because there's so much more debt outstanding. And so we've gotten close to that, closer to that historical average, we look at that as about 14%. We look at nonfinancial corporate debt. Other people look at it different ways. We're still underneath that probably something like 12% for fiscal '24. But I think that indicates just where we are with debt velocity is still below historical averages. To me actually indicates that, that's actually a tailwind when you think about the potential for issuance growth in the future.
Scott Wurtzel: Great, very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Nicholas from William Blair. Your line is open.
Andrew Nicholas: Hi, good morning. I wanted to ask a question on research and insight. I think last quarter, you talked about your expectation that ARR growth would accelerate in the back half of the year. I think you cited the research assistant tool and in some of the release some private credit-oriented products supporting that. It doesn't look like we saw that in the third quarter. Just wondering if there's anything else to unpack in that line particularly and maybe that's an excuse to ask about the broader monetization of Gen AI related tools so far this year. Thank you.
Noémie Heuland: Yes, I'm happy to take that. So research and insight for the third quarter grew 6% ARR, which is aligned with the first half. It's also a little lower than the 9% we saw prior to the attrition events that we've talked about in the previous calls. So there continues to be a bit of pressure induced by the stress in the broader banking sector. But as you said, we're investing in research assistant. We have a strong pipeline and research system as we are entering the largest quarter of the year. We also have very interesting usage stats and customer satisfaction scores for our research assistant that are very encouraging, actually the satisfaction NPS score for CreditView users who are using research assistance significantly higher than the CreditView users who aren't using it. So I think that's a very strong driver for pipeline growth. We continue to see a little bit longer than sales cycle that we had expected during the year with -- we have very rapid adoption with the early adopters and those smaller asset management players. But when it comes to large financial institutions, the adoption of Gen AI capabilities has maybe been a little slower than we had expected at the beginning of the year, simply because they're going through their own Gen AI utilization framework and governance. So to your point, there's a lot of pipeline, and we're working very hard to close that in the fourth quarter. And I think on the overall MA and ARR outlook for the full year, we also have some interesting pipeline growth in KYC which we expect would contribute to continued growth in the fourth quarter and beyond.
Robert Fauber: And Noémie, I think we had expected some acceleration in the second half of the year. I think we still expect to continue to see some modest acceleration, but we'll probably see ARR in the lower end of high single-digit growth rather than our previous expectation of -- at the higher end of high single-digit growth for the fourth quarter just based on some of the things that Noémie just talked about.
Andrew Nicholas: And Rob is that – Research and Insights or MA as a whole, just to be clear.
Rob Fauber: Well, I was specifically referring to Research And Insights in that case.
Andrew Nicholas: Okay. Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik from Barclays. Your line is open.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Just to stick on MA. The revenue versus ARR growth keeps widening. So I was just hoping you could just help level set why that is today and then thinking about how that flows into 2025 would be helpful as well.
Shivani Kak: Yes. So on the revenue, Manav, we have -- we're focused on recurring revenue. If you look at recurring revenue for Decision Solutions, Research & Insights and Data & Information. It's very close, moving closely to the ARR growth. So let me unpack a little bit the revenue growth dynamic for Q3 and the different components of it. Revenue grew 7% on a reported basis in Q3. Recurring revenue, which is 95% of the total revenue in the quarter grew 9%, which is very much in line with the pace of ARR. What's going on there is you have our training and other services revenue that's declining -- that are declining double-digit. And our revenue for multiyear on-prem software remained stable but fluctuates throughout the year based on timing of renewals. So there's a couple of dynamics that I want to call out, they are behind the 9% growth in recurring revenue that should help tie that back to the ARR growth in the longer-term profile of the business. If you look at banking, recurring revenue, banking and insurance, the KYC work flows, what we call Decision Solutions grew 13% in the third quarter. And that's pretty much in line with -- with what we saw in the first half of the year. There's 19% growth in our KYC solution and banking and insurance grew about 10% and 11% recurring, which is again very much in line with ARR. On the Research & Insights, again, we saw -- that's about 30% of our business. We saw recurring revenue growth of 6% in the third quarter. That's actually improved slightly from the 4% we saw in the first half. We've talked about some of the attrition events and some of the pressure in -- with research -- with the asset managers and banks previously. So that's been a bit of a headwind to growth in this business in this year. But the -- again, the recurring revenue growth is very much in line with ARR. And on Data & Information revenue, we grew 7% in the third quarter. I talked about the effects of some of the large renewals with our government -- federal government contract that's now behind us. And we have very significant prospects in the pipeline that should get that growth rate a little bit higher up in the upcoming quarters. So hopefully, that gives you a sense of the revenue growth dynamics in the third quarter. It's again very much broadly in line with the first half except for Decision Solutions, where we had a bit of a tough comp in the large renewals of the government contract that renewed at a little rate this year.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Noémie I mean maybe -- mean you touched on it just there's the transactional one-time revenue and the recurring revenue. And actually, for fiscal 2023, actually, that one-time revenue actually grew. And this year, obviously, we're seeing a decline. So that would contribute to Manav, some of what you might think of as a little bit of a widening.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Owen Lau from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Owen Lau: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I know we have touched on private credit in the past, but the narrative of public private market convergence is expanding. And Rob, you talked about the Apollo Investor Day. And I think one idea they threw out was so-called standardized credit ratings. So could you please talk about how much appetite for investment-grade issuers to wage that directly from these PE firms and bypass the rating process done by Moody's or the credit rating is so valuable that they will still need it? Thanks.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Owen, thanks. So I've had a lot of engagement with many of the most senior players in this market over the over the last, I don't know, call it, over the course of this year. And while I think maybe two years ago, we kind of talked about this defensively. There's a real opportunity here and a real need. There's a real need for independent third-party credit assessment, whether it's through ratings or other tools. And it's interesting because when we engage with the big players like the Apollos and the Blackstones, One of the things that we hear, and again, I referenced, if you look at their Investor Day, they talk about credit rating agencies being an important part of the ecosystem, because we have the ability to provide the data, the analytics, and the ratings that will help people understand the comparability of whether it's public or private credit. And as they are looking at the growth of that market and if you start to think about private credit, not just as leverage direct lending, but you start to think about, Owen, you mentioned investment grade, in many cases, asset-backed finance, the numbers are much bigger than the $3 trillion that I talked about. But there is going to be I believe a need for ratings and third-party credit assessment. And so we have a great dialogue actually with many of the largest players in the market about ways that we can serve those needs. So for instance, Owen, we've got -- we've got -- real a lot of growth in our ratings of BDCs and credit estimates for the exposures in the BDCs. I think we probably have the leading coverage of BDCs in the market. That's contributing to the growth in our FIG franchise. We've got a growing pipeline of fund finance ratings, whether it's feeder funds, credit linked notes, sub lines, all of that. There's a lot of demand for that and a lot of demand for ratings. So again, you're going to see that come through the FIG line in ratings. And then all the asset-backed finance because remember, Owen, where is a lot of that going to? A lot of that is going and sitting on insurance balance sheets and those insurers are rating sensitive. So as this market grows, I think ratings are going to play a really key role. And I think you're going to see actually a lot of that revenue come through the ratings business. So hopefully, that gives you a sense of why we feel optimistic about this. And Owen, the last thing I would say is look, the key for us is to make sure we understand where is the flow coming from, right? Do we have the methodologies in place, rigorous methodology so that we can rate this stuff? Do we have the people right, the resources to be able to do this and play that role in the market?
Owen Lau: Thanks a lot for the color, Rob.
Rob Fauber: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faiza Alwy from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Faiza Alwy: Yes. Hi. Thank you so much. So I wanted to ask about Moody's Analytics again, just in context of your medium-term targets. I know you referred to them previously as aspirational. I'm curious, if you have an update on that, just given that there has been a little bit of deceleration this year. Maybe if you could highlight what are some of the areas that you're most excited about? And if you expect an acceleration as we think about 2025 and beyond?
Rob Fauber: Yes, hey, thanks. Great question. So I think absent a real catalyst, we would update those medium-term targets annually. And so I think we'd be prepared to talk about the targets in the February earnings call. But maybe just to give you a sense of -- we've talked about those targets serving as kind of our north star to drive innovation, product development, let me maybe talk to you about where I think the big opportunities are that we're going after to be able to achieve those medium-term targets. So I would say it's really around kind of a land and an expand strategy. So if you think about, and we've got relationships with several thousand banks, probably close to 1,000 insurers, we have a really good customer footprint in financial services, and we have an opportunity to do more for those customers. So that is really an expand strategy in financial services. If you look at the number of products and solutions that many of the customers take, there's still a big opportunity for us to do more for them. We've actually provided that that -- some of data on prior calls, and we've done the spotlight on insurance and banking. And then with corporates, it's really -- really a land strategy. And so I think Noémie just touched on it briefly, but we've got one of the world's largest databases on companies, and that then supports a range of interconnected use cases, including things like trade credit customer onboarding and monitoring and supplier risk. And so we see a pretty big opportunity to go after that. And that means probably a lot more new logos in the corporate space and a lot more cross-sell and upsell in the financial services space. So again, we've still got some things to do to be able to better enable the cross-sell and to be able -- we talked about earlier this year about the investments we're making in building out that platform to serve corporates, but those are the things we're doing to try to get after targets.
Faiza Alwy : Thanks Rob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Motemaden from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Motemaden: Hey, thanks. Good afternoon. Rob, could you just give us an updated view on the pull forward that has taken place this year and in 3Q specifically. And if that's lowered your expectations for issuance growth at all in 2025?
Rob Fauber: Yes. Hey, first of all, welcome to the call. It's good to have you on. So it's actually interesting when you look at pull forward, it's a little bit of a tale of two cities between investment grade and spec grade. And if you get a chance to dig into those refunding studies that we published, you'll see a lot of this in there. But if you look at investment grade, so 2025 investment-grade maturities actually grown by about 9%. They're 18% higher than the one-year forward maturities were last year. So starting the year, the maturities are actually higher than they were last year. But we've seen a good bit of pull forward in spec grade. And if you think about it, that's pretty typical, right? If you're an investment-grade issuer, you generally have market access throughout market cycles. Spec grade issuers are more sensitive to risk on, risk on, risk off and market windows. So you'll see more pull forward typically from spec-grade issuers who don't want to get to a quarter before their maturity. I will say that when we look at the data, it does look like there has been a bit more pull forward in spec-grade then would we – what would be typical than kind of historical averages this year. That's not surprising. I think we had been seeing that, but it's also interesting, again, if you look at just the maturities one year forward, right now, they're about the same level as they were this time last year. And so the other thing I would say is if you actually go to drill down into the US, so some of these refi walls are a little bit more back-end loaded, particularly around spec grade. But about 25% to 30% of spec-grade loan and bond maturities in 2028 were actually issued 2023 and 2024 when rates were elevated. So -- I mean, that tells us if we have a declining rate environment, going forward, we may actually start to see some pull forward from those very elevated maturity walls a little bit out in the future. So when you actually combine investment grade and spec-grade maturities. So as I said, we've had less pull forward investment grade, more pull forward in spec grade actually, on an aggregate basis, the pull forward, the one year – the pull forward from one year forward maturity walls is almost exactly in line with historical averages and the forward maturity is one year out or 15% higher than this time last year. So I think net-net, despite the fact that we've had a heavier spec grade pull forward this year, I actually think this is still a tailwind for us in the near-term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Huber from Huber Research Partners. Your line is open.
Craig Huber: Thank you. Can you just talk a little bit about the spread that you had between the 70% transaction revenue growth in ratings versus 51% global issuance in the quarter? And then maybe Noémie just throw in there with the incentive comp was in the third quarter and the fourth quarter outlook? Thank you.
Rob Fauber: Yeah, Craig. So we had favorable mix. We certainly – and Noémie talked about, we had very strong investment-grade issuance, but there was a lot of opportunistic issuance. So if you think about investment-grade issuers, we have two kinds of commercial constructs. We have frequent issuers, and we have infrequent issuers. We saw a lot of volume coming from infrequent issuers, just tapping the market then we had very strong leverage finance growth. Leveraged finance is typically revenue mix friendly. That was certainly the case. And then, of course, we also have – we had a real pickup in first-time mandates. And so they have -- oftentimes, there's fees associated with onboarding first-time issuers, and we had our consistent pricing initiatives, which all contributed to favorable revenue mix relative to issuance.
Noémie Heuland: And then on the incentive compensation for the third quarter of 2024, we actually recorded an adjustment to the accruals to reflect the updated full year revenue outlook in MIS specifically. So the incentive compensation accruals were about $150 million in the third quarter, which is higher than prior year by 54%. Just for the full year, we expect incentive compensation overall to be approximately $490 million, and that translates into about $120 million for the fourth quarter.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Tong from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
George Tong: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon. I wanted to dive more into your ratings outlook. You mentioned on a net basis, the pull forward of IG and spec-grade is exactly in line with historical averages in the forward maturities, 1 year out is about 15% higher. And yet your updated guide implies about mid-single-digit MIS revenue growth in 4Q, even though comps don't really get any tougher in the fourth quarter. So, can you talk about what leads you to think 4Q issuance growth will moderate meaningfully? And to what extent do you think 4Q MIS growth will serve as a proxy for 2025 MIS growth?
Rob Fauber: Hey George, so we've, I think, talked about on each of the earnings calls this year, that we believe that issuance is going to decline in the fourth quarter versus the prior year quarter because there's been intra-year pull forward. So, that's within the calendar year, and that's just banks telling issuers, hey, in the event there's any election volatility, why don't you just get ahead of that. And so we're also looking at the strength of the issuance to-date. So, we actually have lifted our outlook for Q4 issuance. So, we -- versus our prior forecast. So, we now expect the fourth quarter issuance to decline in something like the mid-single-digit range, and it was mid-teens percent decline in our prior guidance. So, we've actually lifted the view for the fourth quarter. And that lift, combined with the beat in the third quarter led us to up our full year issuance outlook to mid-30s. And then you triangulate that to revenue where we're looking at something like low single-digit percent growth in revenue over the prior year quarter -- and that's just, again, what contributes to that favorable issuance mix. Some of the things I just talked about with Craig's question. 2025, I think, could be a different ball game. Again, there's just been a lot of -- we believe calendar year pull forward. And I think you are going to know in early November, if we don't see a slowdown in issuance, then there would potentially be some upside to our guidance.
George Tong: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum from Stifel. Your line is open.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hi, thank you very much. Rob, can you give us a little bit of an update on some of the progress for the various AI products. So, you had like Navigator skills assistance. Can you talk about where you are in -- both in development and then also in kind of adoption? I know Noemie talked about a little bit of a -- not as fast of an adoption because the clients are setting up their own frameworks. Maybe you could talk about, is there anything that leads you to believe that the pacing is going to be dramatically different from what you thought or the adoption will be very different from what you thought?
Rob Fauber: Hey Shlomo, thanks for the question. So, let me just kind of tick these off here. So, we talked a little bit about research assistant, which was our first product in the market. So, I'm not going to spend too much time on that. Since then, we've rolled out suite of what we call Navigator. So this is -- think of AI enablement of the existing products, allowing you to kind of get the most out of the products. We've rolled that out across a number of products. And that's going to be helpful to both -- well Noémie mentioned some of the things, customer satisfaction, it's going to be helpful to retention. It's going to be helpful to our ability to price behind those enhancements. We've also started to roll out other AI-enabled products. So research assistant was the first. The second was an AI early warning system leveraging a number of our different data sets. We started with a focus on commercial real estate. We've got a very nice pipeline for that. That's focused primarily on banks. And then we started -- early in the year, we did a very small aqua hire of a company called Able AI, and that brought over a small engineering team that was working on AI enablement for banking workflow. And so when we brought them over, that then accelerated our product road map for banking. And so we've rolled out an automated credit memo offering an automated covenants. So you're going to see more and more AI enablement of our banking workflow, of our insurance workflow, that's one of the benefits of having the IRP as well as insurance, very easy to do the AI enablement. So, just in terms of adoption, it's a mixed bag. And we talked a little bit about it. You've got, in some cases, your smaller firms, the asset managers and others are able to adopt more quickly. When it comes to the big banks, they've all got risk frameworks and regulators and other things that they have to make sure before they're deploying these AI-enabled solutions that they've got a risk and control framework that's going to pass regulatory muster. So, while those conversations are very encouraging because we've elevated the dialogue we're having at many of our customers, they're taking longer. So hopefully, that gives you a sense.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Silber from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeff Silber: Thank you so much. In looking at your guidance for the year and if I try to back into the implied guidance for 4Q adjusted EPS, it looks like you're guiding to that to be flat to potentially down. Are you just being overly conservative? Or is there something specifically going on? Thanks.
Noémie Heuland: So we're guiding for -- we've updated the adjusted diluted EPS guidance range based on the updated Q4 implied outlook. So just to give you numbers, we're raising our adjusted diluted EPS guidance range, and we're narrowing it to -- for the full year to $11.90 $12.10, that's still 21% at the midpoint, which is driven by MIS performance. So what we've done here is we flowed through the Q3 beat through our full year guide, and we've increased our ratings revenue outlook for Q4 versus the prior forecast at the high end. So the midpoint of our updated guidance now implies Q4 EPS growth will be relatively flat to slightly down in the Q4 versus the prior period and down approximately 30% sequentially from Q3, which is aligned with what we see in the top line for MIS.
Rob Fauber: And I guess -- sorry, go ahead.
Jeff Silber: No, I was just going to ask if there's something specifically going on with margins in the fourth quarter we should focus on.
Noémie Heuland: So for the fourth quarter margin, as I said earlier in my prepared remarks, we've accounted for the incentive compensation adjustments in the third quarter to reflect the updated Q4 – to reflect the updated top line outlook. So that's already been accounted for. And if you look at the margins for the Q4, we -- that's really the effect of the incentive compensation, but there's nothing else that we should...
Rob Fauber: Yes. I mean the MIS margin, I mean, I think primarily, it's just revenues are going to be lower, that we'd expect that margin to be a bit lower. And so as I said, let's watch kind of the starting around the second week of November and see what's going on with issuance, and that will give you a sense of how to think about our guidance.
Jeff Silber: All right. Fair enough. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Haas from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Jason Haas: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Appreciate the comments earlier on MA, ARR. It sounds like the Data and Information and Research and Insights is maybe not as strong as expected, but there was no change to the full year guidance there. So I was curious if you're now expecting closer to the high single digits and the low double-digits? And then if not, can you talk about what other areas have been coming in stronger than expected to offset that? And then maybe also any color on what would drive an acceleration from 3Q into 4Q? Thanks.
Noémie Heuland: Yes. So on ARR growth in the third quarter was 9%. It was a bit lower than our recent sustained performance of 10%. That was affected by some of the factors we've highlighted on last quarter's call. Stepping back and looking at our performance today, we've had more attrition events in the first quarter, as we said. We had a bit of a lower sales than expected with our banks and asset manager customer segment as they continue to face tight purchasing pattern. And we also had a couple of headwinds from the other factors we've talked about in the last call, that's customer transitioning to MSCI for sustainability solutions and large federal government contracts that renewed at a lower value in Q3. We also want to acknowledge that the new business growth has been a little bit more back-end loaded than we initially thought with 50% more pipeline entering the fourth quarter this year than a year ago. Looking out to the remainder of the year, we're maintaining our outlook of high single-digit revenue growth in ARR of high single to low double digits with a midpoint still in the higher end of the high single digit. That's the guidance for the full year. And we have, as I said, a strong new business pipeline going into the fourth quarter. We have a very large book of renewals for the month of December, which we expect to renew at 93% plus rate in line with what you've seen year-to-date. So again, the good pipeline creation that we saw in the third quarter, which was driven by, I think, an increase of 35% in meeting activity, a lot of those in person that's very significantly up from a year ago. And so as we're heading into the fourth quarter, which is our busiest month of the year -- our busiest quarter of the year, our new business pipeline is very healthy. We have a good mix of large few deals in our KYC and Data and Information businesses. And we also have a large volume of new business and renewals, which is what underpins our outlook.
Rob Fauber: Yes. And maybe just to double-click -- and by the way, welcome to the call, Jason. It's good to have you on. Just to double click on maybe an area where and there are plenty that we're encouraged by, as Noémie said, we've got a very nice pipeline relative to this time last year. But in KYC, we've got a really good set of product launches. So we've got a new digital investigations product that we've just launched in September. We've got a lot of customer engagement around that. We've got our entity verification offering, which has got a really nice and growing pipeline. And also, there's a really interesting emerging opportunity here to leverage AI build screening agents. And if you think about how much of what is going on around KYC diligence is done by armies of people oftentimes in offshore centers, there's a real opportunity to leverage our -- both our data as well as AI to be able to -- not only be more efficient but actually be even more effective and have a great -- a great audit trail for the regulators. So some very interesting stuff there, I think, in our product recent product pipeline around KYC that leads us to continue to be very optimistic around that business.
Jason Haas: Very clear. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler from Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Meuler: Yeah. Thank you. So this kind of runs counter to that last answer. But can you just comment on KYC ARR. In the quarter, 40% growth is great, but it decelerated from what your KYC business has historically done. I don't know, if there was any holdback of customers waiting for the new product launches or just any comments on why KYC growth was a little softer for ARR in the quarter.
Noémie Heuland: The KYC ARR growth was 14% in the third quarter that was lower than the 19% we saw in Q3 last year. In Q3 last year, we had large transactions with the federal government. As I said earlier, some of those renewed at a little bit lower rate. So that's what explained the lower number for the third quarter. Having said that, we have a strong pipeline, as Rob said, heading into the fourth quarter. So we expect this to be more of an air pocket than a new run rate.
Jeff Meuler: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Steinerman from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Andrew Steinerman: Hi, Noémie. I wanted to ask about Praedicat. I think it was the only acquisition that Moody's has done with revenues closed in the last 12 months. Just tell me if I'm correct about that. And specifically about Praedicat, I'd like to know the dollar contribution both to revenues MA and ARR in the third quarter just reported and in the fourth quarter guide?
Rob Fauber: Hey, Andrew, it's Rob. We did -- maybe you're talking about MA, we did acquire the remaining interest in GCR, which is the African rating agency, and that and that closed in the very beginning of the quarter, had revenues and operating income. I guess, I would say, it's just -- this is immaterial to our overall -- our overall financial results, and I know you're looking for an organic number, I might steer you to ARR. So I would say, first of all, Praedicat is not in our third quarter results. And if you look at ARR, ARR is an organic number. So that will give you a sense of excluding acquisitions.
Andrew Steinerman: Okay. Thank you.
Rob Fauber: The one other -- since we're on the topic of Praedicat, I mean, it was a really nice bolt-on for us to move into the casualty space. RMS very, very strong in the property space and this allowed us to move into the casualty space. And we announced that acquisition right before a huge industry conference in Europe that I went to, and we did literally north of 100 customer meetings, and there were some very strong interest in Praedicat's capabilities and really understanding emerging and long-tailed casualty and mass tort risks. In fact, I think it's something we're going to be able to use across not only analytics but also even it will help inform some of our work in ratings. So we're really excited to have predicate as part of the Moody's family.
Andrew Steinerman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Russell Quelch from Redburn Atlantic. Your line is open.
Russell Quelch: Hey, thanks for squeezing me in. Rob, I wondered if you could be a bit more specific about the level of growth you're seeing in private credit assessments and how much that's contributing to the revenue today. You mentioned being a early leader perhaps in the rating, the BDCs. So I wondered what else you're doing to position yourself to capture this opportunity. You mentioned conversations with Apollo and Blackstone. I wonder if you could add a bit more flavor to those conversations, if that's leading to immediate revenue opportunities or if this is more stuff for the future?
Rob Fauber: Yes. So Russell, thanks for the question. Actually, I would say, we're going to see revenue. So we are already seeing revenue from private credit flowing through the rating agency and analytics that's already happening. So it's interesting. I had a conversation with my team the other day, and I said, AI is a fantastic opportunity for us. So as private credit, but private credit is going to manifest itself in the financials faster than AI is going to because of some of the dynamics I just talked about in terms of adoption curves. So we've got some work to do to start to break out from you all and give you a better sense of how we're capturing private credit revenue coming through both the rating agency and the analytics business. And I -- we know we, in some ways, kind of owe that to you all. But what I would say is again, back to a few of my comments earlier, we're already seeing it come through FIG ratings, and that is through the ratings of BDCs and fund finance instruments. And while those numbers are small relative to things like what we're doing, the total revenues that we're getting from rating insurance and banking issuance, it's growing quite fast. In fact, in many cases, growing faster. So what we're doing with BDCs that's growing faster than, for instance, our revenue line for banking, right? So you're going to see it -- you're already seeing it in FIG. We're already seeing it in it in structured finance and the rating of asset-backed finance. And we talked a little bit about that earlier, and there's quite a pipeline for that. We're starting to see our -- even in our project finance area where there's more and more demand for private ratings that that for -- loans investors are investing in, and they actually want a third-party view of risk. And so it's interesting as you think about what's going on with the banks and this kind of originate to distribute model that they're more and more moving to, they're all saying, hey, look, in order to distribute this credit to a wide -- broader range of potential investors, including everything from insurers, pension funds, high net worth, you name it, we need a third-party assessment of credit risk. In some -- in many cases, that's a rating for the instruments that I talked about. But there's also demand from the investors who say, "hey, look, I'm invested in these private credit funds, and I want to have more visibility into the credit risk in these funds, and I want that to come from an independent source rather than from the GP themselves, right? So we are seeing demand for that. In fact, when we announced our partnership with MSCI and ESG, we said that we're working to explore opportunities to leverage their distribution into the LP and GP community and to be able to provide solutions around private credit. In fact, we just had a fantastic meeting with the teams, and we're working to do exactly that. So I think again, I know that we need to do probably a little better job of helping you understand how that's starting to materialize across both parts of our business, but we're already seeing that in both P&Ls.
Russell Quelch: Got you. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Kramm from UBS. Your line is open.
Alex Kramm: Yes. Hello, everyone. I know it's late in the call. So just a quick cleanup here. On MA margin, can you just talk about what you're expecting in the fourth quarter? I think if I do my math right, I think margin is supposed to pick up in the 4Q. But generally speaking, from a seasonal perspective, costs go up after the 3Q and margin goes down. So I don't know if that's part of the incentive comp you talked about or anything else. And obviously, Praedicat is coming in as well, I think. So just maybe flesh out why this year may be a little bit different. And then sorry, related to that, you talked about investing a lot in MA earlier on the call. So just wondering, if you have any updated thoughts on the margin expansion that you're looking at for that business in the next couple of years? Thanks.
Noémie Heuland: Yeah. Thanks. So for the – to get on the Q4 question, this is the seasonality of revenue driven. So as you know, our fourth quarter in MA is the largest quarter in terms of revenue. So given the typical strength in the fourth quarter, we expect the adjusted operating margin in MA to tick up in the fourth quarter to slightly above the range of our guide. There's a little bit of headwinds from Praedicat, but as Rob said, not materially affecting the guide and we're maintaining our 30% to 31% margin for the full year. So that's for Q4. Now looking out in the outer years, as Rob said, will update you later in February, but we've been investing. We've invested in our GenAI capabilities, in our platforming, in our new product development. I'd say we're mostly through that investment cycle, and we'll be really focusing on expanding the margin and continuing to migrate some of those customers from the legacy platforms into the banking and IRP. That will drive our margin expansion in the long run. And we're also making sure we are very disciplined in the management of discretionary spend. Actually, you saw that materializing expansion in operating margin MA in the third quarter despite the fact that revenue remained consistent with the second quarter. So that's really what I can say about the MA margin and still reiterating our guidance range for the full year.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. To underscore that, we're definitely committed to the medium-term targets for margin for MA. I'm also reflecting on one thing I said earlier about positive mix on leveraged finance, and I lumped bank loans and high yield together in that. Actually, I think because of all the refi and reset activity we had going on, all the refi with loans. That wasn't a favorable mix, but a high yield was. So I just want to make sure that was clear. But on balance, we had a favorable mix from our corporate finance issuance.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Rob and Noémie for some final closing remarks.
Rob Fauber: All right. Well, thank you, everybody, for the questions and we look forward to talking with you on the fourth quarter earnings call, until then, take care.
Operator: This concludes Moody's Corporation third quarter 2024 earnings call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the Investor Resources section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay will be made available after the call on the Moody's IR website. Thank you.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-23 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Moody's Corporation Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that, this conference is being recorded, and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the Company, we will open the conference up for question and answers following the presentation. I will now turn the call over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shivani Kak: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the second quarter 2024 as well as our revised outlook for select metrics for full year 2024. The earnings press release and the presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release, filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures referenced during this call in U.S. GAAP. I call your attention to the safe harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion & Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the SEC's website. These, together with the safe harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I'd also like to point out that, members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Fauber: Thanks, Shivani. Good afternoon, and thanks everybody for joining today's call. I'm looking forward to talking about this quarter, 22% revenue growth and adjusted operating margin of almost 50% and 43% adjusted diluted EPS growth. That's great stuff. As I have said before, and I'm very proud to say it again, MIS is one of the world's great businesses and when issuance activity ramps up, like it did in the first half of this year and you maintain such a strong position with investors and issuers like we do, as well as our ongoing disciplined approach to costs, we generate a tremendous amount of operating leverage. For the second quarter, MIS delivered 36% revenue growth and a 63.2% adjusted operating margin, up 730 basis points from the second quarter of last year. Following another consecutive quarter of robust performance, we're again raising our guidance for both revenue growth and margin. On the MA side, we delivered a seventh consecutive quarter of 10% ARR growth with a 94% retention rate. ARR growth continues to be led by Decision Solutions, which grew by 13% this quarter. That said, and while we see a strong pipeline for the second half of the year, we are widening our ARR guidance to account for the potential for a bit more uncertainty in the buying environment in the second half. And Noemie will expand more on our thinking around this later and I'm sure we'll discuss it in Q&A. In addition to the MIS guidance raise, we're also increasing several of our Moody's corporation metrics, including upping our expectation for share repurchases for the year from $1 billion to $1.3 billion and raising and narrowing our adjusted diluted EPS guidance to a range of $11 to $11.40. We continue to innovate and invest, launching new products, expanding coverage, extending our partnerships, all to spur growth and position Moody's for long-term sustainable success. Now speaking of growth, MIS has truly established itself as the agency of choice and that allows us to really capitalize on a market environment like we experienced this past quarter. For the first half of the year, we grew transaction revenue by 56%. That outpaced issuance growth of 43%. That was particularly evident in our corporate finance and financial institutions rating groups, which both delivered transactional revenue growth rates north of 65%. When considering recurring revenue, overall total revenue grew by 35%. The investments we're making to streamline and automate our workflows, enabled us to meet the surge in issuance and that's double-digits growth across all asset types, while maintaining discipline around expenses. Even considering these investments, we're delivering adjusted operating margin up 760 basis points through the first half of the year. Now moving to MA, we had a strong first half generating 8% revenue growth and as I mentioned earlier, the seventh consecutive quarter of double-digits ARR growth. We continue to focus on high growth SaaS and subscription products, which are delivering mid-90s retention rates and now represent 95% of total revenue. Taking a deeper dive into MA, the businesses within Decision Solutions continue to deliver very good growth and that includes KYC, which is delivering new and innovative features and functionality and remains the fastest growing business with ARR growth at 18% as of the end of the quarter. Insurance ARR growth was 6% at this time last year to now 14%. Banking delivered 9% ARR growth and for it’s purely SaaS offerings, a mid-teens ARR growth rate. Meanwhile, data and information delivered its fourth consecutive quarter of double-digits ARR growth. Research & Insights ARR growth remains at 6%, but we continue to expect the growth rate will improve in the second half of the year, with the expectation of high single-digits percent growth range by year end and that's benefiting from the momentum with Research Assistant and our unrated company's coverage expansion in CreditView. How are we achieving all this? I mean, pretty simply, we're delivering mission-critical solutions, tapping into our risk operating system with massive data sets and analytic engines, all helping our customers navigate an increasingly complex and interconnected environment. Last quarter, I gave you a glimpse into our GenAI product roadmap, and I'm excited to share that we launched two new skills this past quarter and the first of those is an automated credit memo, which saves bankers hours of work by assembling a credit memo leveraging the bank's in-house content, Moody's content, and third-party content. Second is our Early Warning System, which is a cutting-edge, GenAI-powered solution that's initially focused on commercial real estate that we launched last week. This solution monitors breaking news, it alerts our customers and that includes lenders, insurers and asset managers to risks that could affect their portfolio and allowing them to query a broad range of Moody's data and models to quickly understand the potential impact of a given event. We've got a number of institutions using both of these solutions in private preview mode, and we're receiving some very encouraging feedback. They're both great examples of more ways that we are unlocking the power of our data, our analytics, our insights, leveraging GenAI. In KYC, regulation continues to drive demand for new and targeted solutions. This past quarter, we launched our sanctioned security screening tool, which allows asset managers to look through the ownership hierarchies of their holdings to the ultimate parent and flag those that are sanctioned. We also launched the European sanctions product. That was something that we actually launched in under a month and it will help our banking customers manage new European, reporting requirements on certain types of money transfers. Both of these solutions provide critical, timely and trusted data to our customers, helping them avoid potential reputational or regulatory issues. They're great examples of how we're broadening the use cases we serve leveraging our massive company, people, and news data sets. Now these products wouldn't be possible without the investments we've been making in our Orbis database, which we believe is the world's best curated database of public and private companies. We've more than doubled the number of entities we cover, since we first acquired Bureau van Dijk. We added more than 20 million companies this year alone. In this past quarter, we have reached a pretty incredible milestone with over 0.5 billion companies in our Orbis database. This massive coverage is a great source of competitive advantage for us. Now, turning to our ratings business. I always say that, if there's an opportunity to invest in one of the world's great businesses, we're going to do it. That's why I'm thrilled to announce that, in early July, we completed our acquisition of GCR. That's the leading African domestic credit rating agency covering 25 countries across the region. GCR really is a fantastic franchise. They've got a very impressive management team and this investment continues to reinforce our leadership in domestic rating markets around the world. We've got a 30% stake in the leading rating agency in China. We've got very strong positions across Asia, in India, in Korea, Malaysia, and most recently Vietnam. We've been enjoying great success with our Moody's local strategy across Latin America and now we've established a leadership position across the African continent. We've also achieved an important milestone in our sustainable finance franchise in ratings this quarter. When we delivered our 200th second-party opinion in MIS. We've got a healthy pipeline for the rest of the year. With the more recent launch of our net-zero assessment, we now have, I think, a very compelling set of offerings to support sustainable and transition finance and those are clear growth areas for the foreseeable future. You may recall back on the third quarter call last year, I talked about how we'd established a framework for third-party partnerships really to drive the ubiquity of our content in more and more platforms, where people are making decisions about risk, investment, and opportunity. This past quarter, we had some exciting announcements on that front. First is our strategic collaboration with MSCI around ESG and private credit. We really are excited to offer our customers MSCI's market-leading ESG scores and data through a range of our solutions and MSCI will leverage Moody's Orbis database to extend its private company ESG coverage. Together we're going to explore solutions that will leverage our company data and credit scoring models and MSCI's distribution and expertise with the global investment community to provide greater insight into the private credit markets. Just to be clear, our collaboration does not impact our ESG work and ratings nor does it affect our very extensive climate and transition capabilities across the firm. Second, in June, we announced a new collaboration with Zillow that further enhances the insights available to both Moody's and Zillow customers. Starting this month, we're adding Zillow's extensive rental property data into Moody's CRE data platform and in exchange Zillow will gain access to Moody's CRE market analyses and that will help their customers make confident decisions around their multifamily properties. We're also deepening our relationship with Google. Last month, they announced that, they have tapped Moody's to be one of four foundational data providers that will serve as grounding agents for their enterprise Vertex AI platform. This grounding opportunity is particularly exciting as it dramatically expands the audience for our content and further establishes Moody's, as a trusted data source. Finally, back in May, we announced a first of its kind enterprise risk management dashboard in collaboration with Diligent. They're a leading governance, risk and compliance SaaS company. That's going to be offered as a separate module. There are more than 700,000 board and leadership users, again broadening the audience for our content. These kinds of partnerships are expanding the reach and mind share of our data sets and analytics to thousands of key decision makers, while enhancing the offerings of our partners and ultimately in the service of helping us accelerate long-term growth. On that note, let me hand it over to Noemie to talk more about our financial performance for the quarter.
Noemie Heuland: Thank you, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. Building on the momentum from the first quarter, I'm very pleased to share that, we delivered a very strong performance in Q2. Our revenue was $1.8 billion, up 22% year-on-year and our adjusted operating margin of nearly 50% improved by 590 basis points illustrating our strong operating leverage. Turning to segment performance. Moody's Analytics revenue grew 7% or 8% on a constant-currency basis. Recurring revenue, which represents 95% of our revenue in this segment, was up 9% year-on-year. The adjusted operating margin was 28.5%, up 50 basis points from the second quarter last year. Annualized recurring revenue or ARR was $3.1 billion, up $292 million or 10% year-on-year. Our largest line of business, Decision Solutions, grew ARR by 13% with 150 bps sequential growth acceleration from Q1. Growth in this line of business was enabled by mid-and-high teens growth from insurance and KYC, where we continue to see strong customer demand for our best-in-class workflow solution. Data & Information ARR grew 10% with low-teens growth in our corporate and government sectors, while our Research & Insight business grew ARR at 6%, a similar trend to what we've seen in recent quarters, when we observed some modest uptick in CreditView attrition from banks and asset managers, as we previously called out. Our overall retention rate remains high around 94%, which is the evidence of the stickiness of our solutions. I do want to note that, while this quarter marked the seventh quarter of double-digits ARR growth, we expect some moderation in our growth rates for this metric in certain areas of our business in the second half, which I will address when I talk about guidance. Switching to MIS. Revenue was the second highest on record, growing 36% and topping $1 billion. Transactional revenue grew 56%, outpacing issuance growth of 47% and represented close to 70% of the total revenue for the quarter in MIS. We saw a positive mix from our investment grade sub-segment with transaction revenue increasing 28% versus a 10% rise in issuance, partially due to a combination of refinancing activity and several large M&A related deals. Our Financial Institutions Ratings Group saw a record level of revenue from insurance customers, primarily due to a favorable mix in infrequent issuers, resulting in 58% overall increase in transaction revenue against the 17% increase in insurance. Now tight expense controls and our increased focus on automation, coupled with the strong levels of issuance activity enabled us to deliver an adjusted operating margin of 63.2%. As Rob mentioned upfront, we are updating our guidance for a number of metrics. I'll start with the biggest change, which is the improved rated issuance outlook. Given the very strong start of the year and a slightly improved expectation for the second half, albeit with a notable slowdown from the first half, we're now forecasting issuance growth to be in the 20% to 25% range and revenue growth to be in the high-teens percentage range. Looking out at the rest of the year, we now expect second half issuance to be roughly in line with the second half of '23 and we continue to expect Q4 issuance to be down in the mid-teens range versus prior year Q4, very consistent with our prior guide. What's changed here really is, we've taken the second quarter beat into our issuance numbers and our outlook for Q3 is now a bit higher than it was previously. We've provided some additional color on this slide for the various asset classes and we'd be happy to talk about more of this in the Q&A. Given this level of growth, we're raising guidance across revenue and profitability metrics in our ratings business. I'd like to take a moment to provide some high-level context behind our thinking. As we've consistently stated, we expect the first half of the year to be busier than the second half and this view remains unchanged. From a macroeconomic standpoint, we have a positive outlook for the remainder of the year and expect global GDP to be between 2% and 3% for the full year. Our June default report, which was just published last week, is signaling that global default rates peaked in April and will continue to decline gradually in the coming 12-months. And we are also relatively agnostic to the timing and number of rate cuts expected later this year. Now with that context in mind, we are raising our guidance for MIS revenue growth to be in the high-teens percentage range. And we now expect full year MIS adjusted operating margin to be in the range of 58% to 59%. For MA, we're maintaining our guidance of high single-digit growth for revenue and a 30% to 31% margin. However, we're adjusting our expectations for year-end ARR to a wider range of high single-digit to low double-digit percent growth. Our current midpoint estimate for ARR growth is at the upper end of the high single-digits range. But taking into account a couple of strategic changes and more uncertainties that we usually have at midyear, we decided to make this update and provide you with some additional color on the factors that are notable. First, the partnership we announced with MSCI represents a commitment to our customers as well as a strategic shift in our offering. This change may impact our year-end renewals and reduce the sales pipeline for this line of business. Second, while we were optimistic that tight purchasing patterns, particularly in banks and asset managers, would have improved over the course of this year, we continue to see very tight conditions in those customer sectors. This trend is most impactful on our banking, KYC, and Research & Insights line of businesses. And third, as we look toward the U.S. elections in the fall, we'd be remiss if we didn't note that the timing of certain upcoming renewals with U.S. government agencies could be impacted. On a positive note, we also have several newly launched products: Research Assistant, which continues to be enhanced and has been gaining traction at higher price points; along with the new products Rob highlighted earlier, and these are all expected to be able to build pipeline and close deals as we head into the back half of the year. So all in all, our pipeline is strong, we're continuing to invest and innovate to drive durable double-digit growth in the years to come. Now bringing all this together, we now expect Moody's revenue to grow in the low-teens percent range, expenses to grow in the high single-digit range, and an adjusted operating margin in the range of 46% to 47%. This expense guidance update of a high single-digit percent increase primarily reflects increases to incentive comp and the additional charge related to asset development, which we will take over the second half of the year related to the shift in our strategy to source ESG data and scores from MSCI. That's a non-cash charge. From a capital allocation perspective, I'm happy to share that we are increasing our free cash flow guidance to a range of $2 billion to $2.2 billion and are also raising our guidance for share repurchases by $300 million to approximately $1.3 billion. In doing so, we plan to return around 90% of our free cash flow to our stockholders in the form of buybacks and dividends for the full year 2024. And finally, as Rob mentioned earlier, we are increasing our adjusted diluted EPS guidance range to $11 to $11.40, a $0.50 increase at the midpoint, and that represents about 13% growth versus last year. So I'll just wrap up by congratulating my colleagues on a very strong first half, and I'm very excited for what looks to be a very strong year. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, can we open the call up for questions, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Owen Lau with Oppenheimer & Co.
Owen Lau: So I do want to go back to issuance. You have provided a lot of good information already. But again, like issuance continued to be strong in the second quarter. You raised the guidance for MIS. But could you please give us an updated view on your pull-forward expectation? And do you now expect like less impact on pull forward than you had expected maybe a few months ago? Can you maybe elaborate a little bit more on that?
Rob Fauber: Great question. I'd say there's 2 kinds of pull forward. The first is pull forward of planned financing within a given calendar year, and the second is the pull forward from forward maturities. And I would say that we have seen both this year as I think Noemie was touching on a bit in terms of what we think in the second half. We think that the fourth quarter, in particular, I think it's going to be November and December is going to be much more muted in terms of issuance. And that's due in part because a lot of the issuers have been guided by the banks to issue earlier in the year while the market conditions are favorable and to avoid any kind of election-related turbulence in the fourth quarter. Second, we've seen some pull forward from future years from the forward maturities. That's mostly 2025 and mostly spec-grade. And I'll give you maybe just a little bit of context around that. If you go back something like a decade, Owen, it's pretty common actually to see pull forward from spec-grade maturities in the immediate year prior to maturity. And if you think about it, it makes sense because spec-grade issuers don't want to wait until the last month or 2 and risk not having market access due to a risk-off period in the market. That's much less true with investment-grade issuers who generally always have market access. So we've certainly seen some pull forward from 2025, I'd say, a meaningful amount of pull forward. But it's also within the ranges that we have seen in prior years for pull forward from the year -- immediate year prior for spec-grade. 2026 pull forward is actually a bit lower than some of the ranges that we have typically seen. And I think that's probably because issuers want to see rates come down before they pull forward those maturities, right? I would also just note that 2025 spec-grade maturities at the time of issuance were the highest on record. So there's just a lot of spec-grade debt that's got to get refinanced, that's contributing to the refi volume. So I think, Owen, I think my takeaway is that, yes, there's pull forward. The pull forward from future years appears to be in these historical ranges that we've seen. And I don't think at this point, it changes how we would feel about next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Nicholas with William Blair.
Andrew Nicholas: I want to kind of follow-up on that pull forward question a little bit more. And you hit on a little bit, Rob, at the end, but it sounds like you're expecting a little bit more muted issuance around kind of geopolitical and maybe macro uncertainty and factors of that sort. But it doesn't sound like you're quite yet baking in any benefit from rate cuts. Just kind of wondering how you think about the interplay of those 2 dynamics, both at the end of this year and maybe even to start next.
Rob Fauber: Yes. So I think that's probably right. I mean if you think about how we're thinking about the balance of the year, I'd say how we're thinking about it, not particularly dependent on what's going to happen with interest rates. Noemie talked a bit about, now I'm just focusing on the balance of the year here for a moment. We basically took the very strong first half of issuance into our outlook. We believe based on the strength of conditions through the first half of the year, we actually then upped our issuance outlook for the third quarter. And we remained pretty cautious, as I said, about the fourth quarter. So I would expect if there are rate cuts, given what I think has gone in the fourth quarter, and I think largely, there's been this in-year pull forward, if we see rate cuts, that's probably going to be a catalyst for 2025 issuance would be my guess.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.
Greg Parrish: This is Greg Parrish on for Toni. Maybe just to move to MA for a moment. So you reiterated your expectations for Research & Insights to accelerate in the second half towards high single digits. Maybe just update us on the drivers there because, I mean, you lowered ARR partially because of R&I but you still expect that to accelerate. So maybe just help us reconcile that. And it sounds like the environment is not improving as fast as you thought, so just kind of wanted to better understand. And then maybe kind of update us again this quarter on why you expect it to accelerate.
Rob Fauber: Yes. So in Research & Insights, ARR growth of 6%, that's in line with what we saw in the first quarter. I think on the last call, we talked about some modest retention pressures with our CreditView offering, some of which came from some of the banking consolidation that was expected. We had anticipated that. I think Noemie mentioned that both the banking and asset management sectors are experiencing, as she said, tight conditions, cost pressures. That puts some pressure on upsell, pricing retention, those kinds of things. But it's also why we've really been focused on innovating and investing in that -- in our offerings, in particular, Research Assistant. And we talked about last quarter and I think this continues to be true. Part of what is going to drive the pickup in ARR growth in Research & Insights is Research Assistant and our coverage expansion. And maybe just to double-click on Research Assistant for a moment because that's a part of this. We've got some good, very encouraging data points. We've got a very strong pipeline for Research Assistant. We have some good sales momentum in the past couple of months. Specifically, since the first quarter, we've doubled the number of customers for Research Assistant. We've seen average deal sizes increase by 2x. We've experienced some shorter sales cycles, and usage is up and customer satisfaction is up with Research Assistant users. So all that is encouraging and leading me to believe that we're moving in the right direction, and that's going to continue to support the pickup of growth in that line.
Noemie Heuland: Yes. The other thing I would add, Rob, is on the retention rate for MA in general and Research & Insights is remaining very solid around 94%.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Rob, I just wanted to double click, I guess, on the MSCI partnership. Just on the time line, I think the ESG piece is self-explanatory. Just time line and sample of what you envision on the private credit side. And if I could just follow-up, Noemie on the ESG side, just the size of that ESG business you currently have? And if you could just help us appreciate like if MSCI sells $10 million, let's say, how much does that impact you? I think you referred to maybe seeing some negative upticks from that.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Manav, I'll start and then hand it to Noemie. I have to say, we are really excited about this MSCI partnership because I do think it's a win-win for our customers because the MSCI ESG scores and data really are considered a market standard. And we're going to be able to provide that content through to our banking, insurance, and corporate customers. And the -- as I think you know, they're going to be leveraging Orbis to expand their coverage. So it's a great partnership, a real spirit of partnership with MSCI. In terms of timing, there's a good bit of work to do to transition, to integrate the content and transition it into our solutions. I'd say that work has begun, in earnest, Manav, but it's probably going to take through the end of the year to be able to do that. Meanwhile, I think we've already got some very good ideas around what we can do in terms of private credit. And if you think about our credit scoring capabilities as well as their expertise and distribution around the global investment community, and there's a clear need and desire to have a third-party assessment of credit risk in the private credit space. So we've got some good ideas there. And I think the initial focus right now is going to be around the ESG integration into our solutions. I would say when we come back from the summer, probably sometime in September, we're going to roll up our sleeves around the private credit and start to get to work there. I don't have a time line on when we might actually get something to market, Manav. But I would say the ESG stuff came together pretty quickly. And given the market need, I think we'll work quickly here as well.
Noemie Heuland: Yes. And on the relative side of the ESG in our MA business, it's pretty small. It's a small part of our overall ESG and climate business. It's going to affect a little bit the pipeline for the remainder of the year, which is factored into our revised guidance for ARR. But it's not a material swing to our overall business for MA.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Wurtzel with Wolfe Research.
Scott Wurtzel: Just wanted to go back to the strategic investments that we've talked about over the course of this year. And can you just update us on sort of where we are in that investment cycle? I mean it seems like you are making progress on sort of the gen AI-related product side, but would love to kind of hear where we are in this investment cycle. And specifically on maybe some of the other new products around private credit, digital finance, transition finance, just kind of where we are now?
Noemie Heuland: Yes. Maybe I'll take that and I'll let Rob expand as well. But we remain on track with what we've communicated initially earlier in the year. Let me give you a bit of color on where we've deployed investments so far. So let me start with GenAI. You heard last quarter, we've established a framework around our GenAI development. We have a set of GenAI tools that will be rolled out across our product suite this year. In banking, we've made a small acquisition earlier this year to accelerate the build of our banking assistant and the enablement of end-to-end lending workflow. It was a company called Able AI that really helped automate the commercial loan documentation process and filling some gaps for us in jobs to be done across the lending value chain. So that's an example of where we've invested. Internally, we're expanding our use of Copilot and other GenAI capabilities. We've completed our CSA framework in Ratings and we're rolling out a ratings copilot environment. Obviously, we've talked with our regulators, and we have very tight controls around that, and Rob can expand on that as well. We've rolled out a lot of Copilot and GenAI tools internally across the business. Everybody is using it. We have very strong uptick in usage and a lot of exciting things when we look at our internal hackathons for example that we just conducted. So that's for gen AI. On the product development area, we're bringing together our data and analytics here into a workflow platform. That's for corporate to support the use of different use cases around sales and marketing optimization, customer onboarding, and monitoring trade credit supplier risk. Those are areas that are really important for our customers, and we hear a lot of strong feedback, and we are on track to launch additional products later in the year on that platform. And last, on the technology platforming, which was the third area of investments, in MA, we have a platform engineering and architecture road map to build on single sign-on, entitlements, other functionalities to drive a better user experience, which helps retention but also helps drive further growth in our business. That gives us more insight into customer behavior across our platform, which help us build use cases that resonate and address the needs of those customers and that also reaps some efficiencies across our engineering teams as well. For MIS, we continue to deploy applications on our platform. We have the first team on our full ratings life cycle automation, and we're scaling that to a number of other teams throughout the year. And that's going to be really helpful in enhancing regulatory compliance. That will also allow us to process more efficiently issuance volumes. And you saw that already in our ability to deliver increased margin in MIS. So in general, we're doing well. We are tracking very well against the investment plan we communicated to you earlier this year.
Rob Fauber: I think you nailed it. I don't have anything to add, Noemie.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm: I think I'm going to take the other side of that question just now and stay on the AI topic. It sounds like you continue to do a lot, a couple of new products you mentioned today, which sounds very sensible and it seems like there's decent demand. So can you give us an update on revenues that you're seeing so far, the trajectory and how change you expect to really have a material contribution here?
Rob Fauber: Yes, Alex, it's Rob. So I think I gave you some data points around Research Assistant. This is one of, if not, the fastest-growing products that we've ever launched. But starting from scratch and we've got a huge revenue base. So it's not material in the grand scheme of Moody's Analytics, but there's some really encouraging things about it. Like I said, we've doubled the number of customers, deal sizes are going up. But I think very importantly is usage and customer satisfaction is up, and that gives us a lot of confidence that we're going to be able to monetize that over time and not just in Research Assistant. So it's no longer a one-trick pony. It's not just Research Assistant, right? We've now launched several other solutions, and that's going to go on through the back half of the year and into next year. So there's going to be more and more products that will be leveraging AI coming into our solution suite. Like I said, we've already got a number of customers on private preview mode for both automated credit memo and early warning. I would also say, Alex, that we're also working on extending our partnerships with folks like Microsoft and Google in particular. And that's important because I think those are going to open up some new monetization pathways for us with our content embedded into their solutions, their Copilot solutions, their AI solutions. So that is in process. So it's still not material but we definitely see some things that are quite encouraging.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Silber with BMO Capital Markets.
Jeffrey Silber: You talked a little bit about, I guess, the tighter purchasing pattern that you've been seeing. You gave a little color. I was just wondering if you can drill down a little bit more. Maybe you can give some examples of what we're talking about.
Rob Fauber: Yes. I mean I guess I would say, in general, and Noemie talked about this, we see some cost pressures coming from the banking and asset management sector. And just to put a finer -- kind of a finer point on it, I ran the sales team at one point in the rating agency. You have real conversations with your customers, with procurement departments. You've got to make sure you're really able to articulate the value proposition of your solutions. That might mean that customers, you might see that again in terms of pressure, in terms of what we think of as upsells or perhaps around annual price increases. I talked about -- we've mentioned we've seen a little bit of pressure on the retention rates in CreditView. So that gives you -- hopefully gives you a little bit of a flavor. I guess maybe the other thing I might just touch on though is also the -- maybe the sales pipeline. So that gives you a little bit of the sales environment in certain customer segments. But we've got a very healthy sales pipeline. There is very strong demand for our products. You're seeing that from the ARR growth that we put up through the second quarter. And in some cases, some of our gen AI offerings, we're actually seeing shorter sales cycles with some of the early adopters. The other thing I'd say is one of the drivers of pipeline growth is sales meeting activity. The more meetings you do with customers, the more likely you are to build pipeline and that's been true for a long time. This quarter, we saw the highest volume of sales meetings post pandemic, and face-to-face engagements were something like 40% of that activity. So that gives me a lot of confidence that customers want to engage around our solutions. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of a flavor for what we're dealing with out there.
Noemie Heuland: Yes. And the other thing I would add is we're also having -- we've elevated the discussion with the C-suite at our banks and traditional customer base, and we're like a lot more plugged in into their overall digital transformation initiatives now. Now the flip side of it is, as I'm sure you know, we have also working with them to help them build their framework around GenAI adoption, and that's going to take some time because they also have to abide by regulations. They have a lot of risk considerations to take into account, and that also plays a role in the dynamic that you see with our GenAI products.
Jeffrey Silber: And I just was curious, is the line any worse over the last 3 months better, stay the same?
Rob Fauber: Is the what?
Jeffrey Silber: The environment, has it gotten any worse, better, or stayed the same over the last 3 months?
Rob Fauber: I think it's probably pretty consistent with what we've seen for the balance of the year.
Operator: Our question comes from the line of Andrew Steinerman with JPMorgan.
Andrew Steinerman: This is Andrew of JPMorgan. I wanted to understand better the organic constant currency revenue growth of the Data & Information subsegment, which decelerated to 8% in the second quarter year-over-year. It had been double digit in the first quarter year-over-year. It just strikes me as odd because as you know, the ARR of this subsegment has consistently been double-digit. And I just don't understand why there's variation between the organic revenue growth and organic ARR of Data & Information because I thought it was essentially fixed subscription.
Rob Fauber: Andrew, this is a very good question. And you're right, on a sequential basis, the growth was down from, I think 12% to 8% this quarter. There is, in fact, a little bit of impact from mix of product, nature of the contracts. That does create a little bit of variability in the quarter-to-quarter revenue numbers. 12% in the first quarter is probably a little higher than typical. 8% is probably a little lower than typical. You look at the first half growth of roughly 10%, I think that's pretty reflective of the business performance. And I also think, Andrew, that's what you can expect for the full year as well as ARR growth. And so it's a good question but I think that -- hopefully, that gives you a sense.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets.
Ashish Sabadra: So as we -- you've mentioned a few headwinds to the ARR as we get into the back half of the year. How should we think about those headwinds for revenues? And just given the MA revenue growth has been like relatively muted and comps get harder in the back half of the year, as we think about that high single-digit revenue growth guidance, is it fair to assume towards the lower end versus the higher end of that high single-digit growth?
Noemie Heuland: Yes, let me take that. So as I said in my prepared remarks, the second quarter revenue growth was 7% and 8% at constant currency. It was similar to what we saw in the first quarter. But if you take recurring revenue, which is 95% of our revenue in MA, it grew by 9% for the second quarter, similar to what it was in Q1. We expect similar growth rates for recurring revenue throughout the year. Transactional revenue was down in the second quarter as we continue to trend -- and will continue to trend downwards in the second half of the year. We're shifting our focus to renewable sales, as you know. So what that means, the best way to think about the guide in the second half of the year, we expect MA to grow in the third quarter, to be more or less aligned with the growth that we saw in the second quarter before ticking back up in the higher end of high single-digit growth in the fourth quarter. So that's what's behind our guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Tong from Goldman Sachs.
George Tong: Within MIS, you mentioned you saw a pull forward from both within the year and also from 2025. You also mentioned that your outlook for 2025 issuance hasn't really changed. And just wanted to reconcile those statements. Has your outlook for issuance come down in any future period because of the pull-forward effect?
Rob Fauber: George, no, I don't think so because the way I tend to think about this is we went back and looked, for instance, I mentioned we looked at spec-grade forward maturities and what kind of pull forward we see on a year-to-year basis. And what we're seeing this year is pretty consistent with a kind of a historical range over the last decade. So that tells me that -- I don't think that given what's going on this year would then have a material impact to the way I might think about the growth profile and issuance profile on a go-forward basis because I don't see this as anomalous pull forward. What's going on in the in-calendar, obviously, we talked about that with our outlook. I do think there's in-calendar pull forward. There is 2025 pull forward but I don't think that is unusual pull forward at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Rob, could you just touch on the commercial real estate market in the U.S.? With all the problems in recent years here that might be compounding here, what it may mean to the banking sector. How concerned are you and your analysts about that? And then my housekeeping question for Noemie is what's the incentive comp in the quarter versus a year ago?
Rob Fauber: Yes. So Craig, commercial real estate is obviously an area that we've got a keen focus on with our analytical teams. And we've got a lot of touch points into the commercial real estate space across Ratings. We've also got a lot of data and analytic tools across the entire company around commercial real estate. I think generally, the concerns around commercial real estate are probably most focused on office. And it's a certain type of office, too. Type A, Class A office has held up pretty well, and so I do think the type of property does matter. We see this both with CMBS. You've seen some articles in the paper looking at single asset, single borrower CMBS, which -- and then we also think about this from a banking perspective. And our teams actually put out some really interesting research. I'm happy to share it with you after the call. Really making sure we understand the commercial real estate exposure of our rated banks and how to think about stress scenarios around that. So I would say there's a lot of focus on it. Interestingly, Craig, the CMBS issuance market this quarter actually showed some signs of life. We're actually -- it's on a small base, but just given the fact that we've got it at this point, what looks like a soft landing, there is some new investor interest in the CMBS space, which I actually think is quite interesting and tells you something about investor sentiment.
Noemie Heuland: Yes. And on your question about incentive comp, we've made an adjustment in the second quarter to reflect the accrual in relation to the top line performance that we saw. We recorded about $117 million in the second quarter. And for the remainder of the year, we expect the quarterly expense to be about $110 million per quarter.
Rob Fauber: One other thing I might add, too, Craig, I mean I talked about it in my remarks, this early warning system, but it is -- the initial offering is focused specifically on commercial real estate. And this really synthesizes a broad range of our content and our models to allow you to understand, an event happens in the market and you want to start to sensitize and understand the potential impact of that event, call our models, call our data, and be able to get a sense of the impact in a fraction of the time that you might otherwise. And so you can imagine, based on that, there's some very good interest from folks in the market who want to use tools like that to be able to figure out where do they need to actually focus scarce resources in our portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: I just want to probe a little bit more in the ARR widening of the range because of this MSCI deal. Can you explain again the -- there's a change in strategy, so therefore, some of the sales in the pipeline may not materialize this year as you're thinking of switching over to some of the MSCI products? Is that correct? And then how should we think about it on the flip side in terms of you selling stuff through Orbis? And trying to understand, is there -- is this a little bit of a slowdown but then things should pop more in 2025 when the links are kind of set up technologically between the 2 companies? Or is this something just kind of a slowdown and then we get back to what it was before? Just if you can give a little more color on this.
Rob Fauber: Yes. So maybe I'll first start by just kind of reiterating what Noemie said. The scores and data are actually a pretty small part of our overall, what we call, the ESG and climate business. I know we defined that a couple of years ago so it's really kind of a fraction of that. But you're exactly right. I think that's what's going to happen is as we transition -- you can imagine, we have a sales pipeline of our own content threaded through our solutions. And so now we're going to be integrating in the MSCI content. We've got to be able to go out and talk to our customers. We're going to be able to integrate that. That is going to impact our sales pipeline in the near-term. And it could also impact some of the retention in the near-term. But I think in the medium-term, having the opportunity to offer what is clearly best-in-class ESG content through to our customers, through our solutions, I think, is going to be a positive for us. And we'll be able to kind of start to build the pipeline back. I would expect that will be a 2025 event. But again, remember, ESG scoring and data, purely scoring and data, that's a pretty small business for us.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: And then going the other way, the Orbis going back to them?
Rob Fauber: Yes. So it's going to start with MSCI using Orbis for ESG scores, and that's a place where there's good demand from our customers. And I think like sometimes like many partnerships, you start with 1 thing and you continue to build into other opportunities. And I think there will be other opportunities for MSCI to be able to leverage our Orbis database beyond simply ESG and climate. And so again, I think that's something we'll see in probably a 2025 event and private credit is going to be one of those places.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy: So I had a similar question but on the government side because I think you mentioned that one consideration in terms of thinking about ARR is some of these government contracts that may be up for renewal later in the year. So just curious if you can remind us how big the government business might be. Is all of it up for renewal? And is it really, again, sort of a timing factor? Or how should we think about the risk in a different administration? And I assume that this is mostly the KYC business. But any further color is appreciated.
Rob Fauber: Yes. So we don't disclose around revenues by customer segment but it's our smallest customer segment. But that said, it's been growing quite nicely over the last year or two. There's a lot of demand for -- I mean, as you said, the Orbis data supporting governments really want to understand more about entities that they're engaging with, obviously. I think we were just -- I don't want to over-rotate on this. I think we were just trying to be prudent. And we've got a few of these bigger contracts. These are one year contracts. And we've -- you hear us talking about a little bit -- the potential for a little bit bumpier environment in the fourth quarter. And so we just wanted to acknowledge that there might be some risk that some of that could slip into the following year.
Noemie Heuland: Yes. And if you take each of those different factors individually, they're not significant in and of themselves. It's just a combination of all those things that made us want to widen the range of it. But as I said, the midpoint of our current guidance range is in the upper end of that high single-digit percent range. So I just want to put that into perspective. Again, we're talking a narrow range around that ballpark.
Rob Fauber: Yes. And the renewals, it's probably mostly in our Data & Information business, I would say.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Meuler with Baird.
Jeffrey Meuler: Beyond the GenAI product launches and scaling that revenue, what are the other callouts that go into the assumed acceleration in MA in the medium-term framework? And I ask because KYC is doing really well, insurance already accelerated to a great growth rate, and R&I is assumed to have good growth in this year. So just with how diverse the business is, it seems hard to bank on all of the end markets doing well but one. So what are the other self-help factors?
Rob Fauber: Yes. I would say in a nutshell, it's probably our land and expand strategy. So we believe there remains a fairly significant cross-sell opportunity into banks and insurance companies. We've been focused on that for some time but we actually think there is more upside to that. There are some things that we're doing. Some of the things that Noemie talked about, some of the investments we're making are designed to help us with that expand cross-sell opportunity with banks and insurance companies. She talked about some of the platform engineering and being able to better understand customer usage across all of your product suite and so on. So that's one. And then second is an expand opportunity with corporates. And you heard us talk a little bit about on this call going after a set of interconnected use cases around sales and marketing optimization, customer onboarding and monitoring, supplier risk, trade credit, all of that. And so there's a -- we've had some really nice sales wins with big multinational companies around some or all of those use cases, which has given us confidence to further invest in product development around all of that to really industrialize our offering and go after that opportunity at some scale. So it's expanding the revenue that we're generating from banking and insurance customers, and it's landing with these kind of big corporates around the collection of use cases. And that gives us confidence around the ability to continue to drive and accelerate growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Russell Quelch with Redburn Atlantic.
Russell Quelch: You touched on the benefits of migrating to the SaaS platform in RMS. You talked about that a lot. The 14% ARR growth in insurance is a great number. Given the forecast for the upcoming very active weather season in the U.S., do you anticipate that's going to be a tailwind for RMS in the back end of the year? Have you baked that into guidance? And in fact, are you now in a better position to monetize these periods of increased usage of data, given you've migrated to the SaaS platform?
Rob Fauber: This is an interesting question, Russell. I'm processing it at the moment here. I think I would say that, so while we may have a very active extreme weather season coming up, particularly with North American hurricanes, I don't think that's going to translate into an immediate revenue or ARR bump. But I would say that thematically, the increased severity and frequency of extreme weather events and an increasing focus on understanding the impact of a change in climate and what kind of financial consequences that has, that is a theme that is driving more and more interest in our solutions. And it's going beyond simply the insurance market. I mean in some cases, extreme weather -- actually, extreme weather events can put pressure on our insurance customers. You've seen that in Florida. But in general, I would say there's -- with insurers, there's an understanding that you need better and better data and models. And by the way, that's why there's interest in our cloud-based SaaS offering because you're able to leverage a lot more compute capacity, which can run these high-definition models that are actually better than the current generation of models. But then you're seeing banks and other organizations who are also wanting to be able to understand all of this because, for instance, banks have clearly realized that they can actually have weather and climate risk. So as they're underwriting a commercial loan, wanting to understand the risk of the collateral they're taking, that's now become something banks are quite focused on. So I would say it's driving more and more interest in our climate and weather and catastrophe modeling capabilities, but I wouldn't tie it to a seasonal set of events.
Noemie Heuland: Yes. Just to make a final point on the platform, I think one of the competitive differentiator for us with the risk insurance platform is it's open to third-party models as well that can enrich the algorithm that gives it a more -- that makes it even more powerful for customers, and that's really where we differentiate ourselves.
Rob Fauber: Yes. And look, back to when we bought RMS, I remember, I still very clearly remember that call. And I remember saying we got into the -- we made that acquisition for 2 reasons: one, to get into the insurance segment at scale and I feel great about that; but second, because we wanted to take those really world-class capabilities that RMS had and thread those through our solutions to a broader set of customers. And that is very much playing out. And I'm very glad that we own one of the world's premier climate and weather modeling platforms because I think there's only going to be more and more demand for that in the years ahead.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heather Balsky with Bank of America.
Heather Balsky: I want to ask about MA. I know you've gotten a lot of questions today about ARR and your guidance. But taking, I guess, zooming out and you think about the growth algorithm you laid out at -- back in your Investor Day, there's been a little bit more time. We're in probably a tougher environment than expected. Have you rethought the targets that you laid out? Do you think the algorithm maybe looks a little bit different than you originally thought in any way?
Rob Fauber: Look, first of all, I have to kind of remind all of us, this quarter, we did achieve our highest ARR growth rate that we've had, a little bit over 10%. Decision Solutions is now growing at a pace consistent with these medium-term targets, ARR growth of 13%. So actually, there's some -- there's a lot to feel good about. There isn't a change to our medium-term outlook. We continue to view the medium-term targets as a North Star that really drives innovation and investments. And I would expect that we'll talk about the medium-term targets annually, absent some sort of material catalyst to revisit them within the year. And there just hasn't been. There's been nothing that would lead me to believe I need to have a call and talk about this in the middle of the year. So like I said, we've got very strong growth in our SaaS businesses. We talked about the pressure on banks and asset managers. And Heather, you're right. That's a little bit different than the environment when we put those medium-term targets in place. But we're continuing to invest. We feel good about the innovations, the product development, the sales engagement, the partnership strategies all designed to accelerate growth. So we'll revisit this topic in February.
Operator: I will now hand the call back to Rob for any closing remarks.
Rob Fauber: Okay. Thanks, everybody, for the questions. I hope everyone has a wonderful summer, and we look forward to talking with you again in October. Take care.
Operator: This concludes Moody's Corporation Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the Investor Resources section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay will be made available after the call on the Moody's IR website. Thank you. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 11:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Moody's Corporation First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] 
 I will now turn the call over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Shivani Kak: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'm Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the first quarter 2024 as well as our revised outlook for select metrics for full year 2024. The earnings press release and the presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. 
 During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures referenced during this call in U.S. GAAP. 
 I call your attention to the safe harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion & Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the SEC's website. 
 These, together with the safe harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Rob. 
Robert Fauber: Thanks, Shivani. Good morning, and thanks, everybody, for joining today's call. Before I touch on a few key takeaways from our first quarter results, I'm going to start by saying how excited I am to be joined today by Noémie Heuland, who officially joined Moody's on April 1. And as I mentioned on our last earnings call, Noémie brings almost 25 years of global financial and accounting leadership experience at some very large public companies with a real depth of experience in technology and software as a service. And we're really fortunate to have her as our Chief Financial Officer, and I look forward to all of you getting to know her in the coming weeks and months. 
 So with that, let me turn to our first quarter results. We delivered an impressive 21% revenue growth, capitalizing on a strong issuance environment and continued demand for our leading risk assessment solutions. We delivered strong top line performance and margin expansion in both businesses, and that translated to adjusted diluted EPS of $3.37 for the quarter. 
 Now starting with MIS. Obviously, a great quarter. And over the last several years, you all have heard me talk about the investments that we've been making in analytical talent and technology enablement to ensure that we are the agency of choice for inventors and issuers, and in turn, position us to capitalize on more robust issuance periods. And in the first quarter, we did exactly that, and we showed the tremendous operating leverage in our business with the second highest quarterly revenue on record, up 35% year-over-year and an adjusted operating margin of 64.6%. 
 Meanwhile, MA reported another quarter of 10% ARR growth, growing across all lines of business, including double-digit ARR growth in both Decision Solutions and Data & Information. And during the quarter, we executed on our strategic investment road map across platforming, product innovation and GenAI enablement. And this quarter highlights the unique strength of our business model. We're tracking to our medium-term EPS target of low double-digit growth while we are funding this investment program that will drive future growth, all while we expect to return over $1.6 billion to stockholders this year through share repurchases and dividends. That is the power of the Moody's compounding machine. 
 We're also updating a few of our guidance metrics, and Meanwhile, MA reported another quarter of 10% ARR growth, growing across all lines of business, including double-digit ARR growth in both Decision Solutions and Data & Information. And during the quarter, we executed on our strategic investment road map across platforming, product innovation and GenAI enablement. And this quarter highlights the unique strength of our business model. We're tracking to our medium-term EPS target of low double-digit growth while we are funding this investment program that will drive future growth, all while we expect to return over $1.6 billion to stockholders this year through share repurchases and dividends. That is the power of the Moody's compounding machine. 
 We're also updating a few of our guidance metrics, and Noémie will give some details on that a little bit later in the call. So we've got our eye on the ball, we're looking ahead, and we are focused on our mission to be the leading source of insights on exponential risk. 
 So with that, let's dive in a little bit more on the financial performance of our businesses this quarter and our latest expectations for the full year. And as I've said before, MIS really is one of the world's great business franchises. It's widely recognized as best in the industry with strong global coverage in cross-border and domestic debt markets, and it has a growing range of offerings to support growth areas like private credit and transition finance. 
 And maintaining that leadership position really is critical in order to capitalize on the resurgence and opportunistic issuance that we experienced during the first quarter. And that's what played out during the quarter. MIS delivered, as I said, growth of 35% in the quarter, including 57% growth in transactional revenue. And a key driver of this growth in the quarter was the leveraged finance markets, a real strength for MIS, where revenue was up 144% versus the prior year quarter. That's quite a growth number. 
 And as I explained a few quarters ago, we established a dedicated private credit team in MIS, and that's starting to pay dividends as we're better positioned to service the continued growth of the private credit markets as well as a wave of deals refinancing from the private credit markets into public markets. And while it's early, we're encouraged by interest in our transition finance offerings, and that includes our second-party opinions and our new net-zero assessment. And we already have several major issuers like Électricité de France that have published our net-zero assessment. And with discipline around expenses, MIS delivered an adjusted operating margin of almost 65%, again, demonstrating the tremendous operating leverage in this business. 
 Now while the first quarter issuance was very robust, it is still early in the year and there are some uncertainties. So we're a bit cautious in regards to changes to our full year outlook at this point in the year. Issuance in the first quarter benefited from pull forward, given the favorable market environment and questions about the back end of the year in regards to upcoming U.S. elections, ongoing tensions in the Middle East and uncertainty around U.S. inflation and central bank rate cuts. 
 So consequently, we have not changed our full year issuance and revenue growth guidance targets. However, our updated outlook now centers on the upper end of both ranges. And there are some things that we're watching to determine if we've got some upside to our current outlook. 
 The global economy has certainly demonstrated resilience, and that's also going to be reflected in declining high-yield default rates, which are now projected to range between 3% to 3.5% by year-end. And we see some strong investor demand for riskier assets that's kept spreads tight. Notably, we're starting to see M&A activity pick up. Private equity funds are actively seeking exits and looking to deploy huge pools of capital. So again, there are some things that we're keeping a close eye on, and I'm sure we're going to discuss that a little bit further in the Q&A. 
 So now turning to Moody's Analytics. As we've seen over the years, MA continues to be a very consistent growth engine for us, achieving 65 consecutive quarters of revenue growth and now 6 consecutive quarters of double-digit ARR growth. Our retention rate has held steady at 94% for the last 2 years and yet again for the first quarter of 2024, and that's a real testament to the stickiness of our solutions. 
 As we look across our reported lines of business in MA, we can see our land-and-expand strategy in action. So starting with KYC, which I think you can see on the bottom far left of the webcast slide. About 1/4 of our 18% ARR growth in the first quarter is from new customer acquisitions. So a lot of new logos adopting our solutions in this space. 
 On the other end of the spectrum, about 90% of our insurance ARR growth of 10% is from really strong execution of our cross-sell strategy across our existing customer base. Clearly, RMS is an important contributor to that, and it continues to deliver against the targets that we set back in 2021. And I think a number of you will remember that at the time of the acquisition, RMS was growing at a low single-digit pace, and it's moved up very nicely as we've made progress on migrating customers to our SaaS platform and really activating our cross-selling strategies. And that includes things like climate models to banks and conversely, selling data and analytics and other Moody's solutions to the RMS customer base. So when we take all of this into account, in 2024, the ARR for RMS, including synergies, is expected to grow at a low double-digit pace. 
 Now switching gears a little bit. Last year at this time, we were just starting to mobilize around GenAI. In fact, we hadn't even deployed our internal Copilot or announced our partnership with Microsoft at that point. And it is interesting to look back because what a difference a year makes. And we now have a framework for our suite of GenAI-enabled solutions that we're rolling out during 2024. It's no longer going to be just about Research Assistant. So we've categorized our capabilities into 3 primary buckets that we call navigators, skills and assistants. And really, each of these capabilities deliver increasing levels of value to our customers and are going to have some distinct economics. 
 So navigators leverage an AI-powered natural language user interface to help our customers really get the most out of our products. And I would expect that almost all of our solutions will have some form of AI navigator or chat, what you might think of as a chatbot. And these will be table stakes, I think, for both our offerings as well as competitor offerings, I would assume in the relatively near future. 
 Then we've got skills. Those are specialized GenAI capabilities that connect to Moody's data and content and analytics. And we're designing these skills to deliver automation and provide the tools to drive productivity and insight for our customers. And that includes things like the planned release of our, what we call our QUIQMemo, which is our automated credit memo; and our QUIQAlert, which is our surveillance and early warning system. 
 And then we're going to have a set of assistance for a number of our major customer personas, which are going to be a combination of skills and prompt engineering that are most relevant to their jobs to be done. So this go-to-market framework, I think, is going to address the needs of our customers as they move up the spectrum of GenAI adoption in their daily work processes. And while it is still too early to quantify, we now have a pipeline that is coming to market in the coming weeks and months. And we expect that to help drive our value proposition and retention rates and open up opportunities to serve new users. 
 So on that note, I am very happy to hand it over to Noémie to provide a little more color on our results. 
Noemie Heuland: Thank you, Rob. Let me start by saying that in my previous role as a CFO of a public company, which was also an issuer, I've been in the building a few times over the years, but being here as Moody's CFO is both an honor and a thrill. 
 As we get to know each other, I thought I'd share -- take this opportunity to share with you my Moody's thesis that drove my decision to join. Throughout the process, everyone I met has consistently told me what an exciting time it is to join the firm. Moody's has been a trusted source of financial insights through various economic cycles, and every actor in the global capital markets benefits from the value of Moody's products and services. 
 Coming from the enterprise software ecosystem, I can tell you that this network effect, if you will, is one of the hardest competitive advantages to disrupt. Also in my previous CFO role, I got the chance to interact with Moody's analysts and research teams frequently, and each time I left more impressed by the depth and rigor of their thinking. Moody's Ratings is a powerful franchise with sustainable growth prospects, unparalleled reputation and an impressive industry knowledge and expertise. 
 Now in addition to that, Moody's built a great set of assets based on proprietary data that goes back over 100 years. The value of that historical data is unmatched. And it is my strong belief that Moody's is well positioned to leverage GenAI capabilities as a result, whether it's credit, KYC, climate or many other use cases, Moody's has integrated and innovated with our customers' needs at the core. In truth, I spent the last 15-plus years talking to my peers about having the right data and analytics tools to make smart decisions in support of the business. And so I can attest the many use cases for Moody's Analytics solution set. As you can tell, I'm really passionate about that. 
 Also, as you would expect as a CFO, I spent some time studying Moody's financial profile before joining. From obvious attributes, this is a very profitable business, which has delivered 13% of adjusted diluted EPS growth in Q1 with a high return on tangible assets and over 100% of free cash flow to net income conversion expected this year. This is an outstanding set of fundamentals, but they are also unique in that they provide flexibility for investing and innovating to fuel growth. 
 Another CFO priority is execution on a disciplined capital allocation plan. I am very impressed with our focus and results. You saw us generate savings from resource redeployment and automation and then redirect investment spending on areas that will enable us to deliver on our medium-term targets. And we are doing that while aiming to return about 80% of free cash flow to our shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks this fiscal year. In my experience, the operating leverage of this business and track record of long-term sustainable growth are simply remarkable. 
 I conclude, before I get to the Q1 results and outlook, that as a CFO of a company that must abide by a large number of regulations and help its customers deal with an increased number of larger, more interconnected risks, I'm very proud to have joined a team that puts risk management at the center of what we do with resilient operations and a fantastic culture. I spent some time with Rob, his leadership team, the Board and many folks in finance and beyond. The culture, warmth and sharp intellect of the people at Moody's and the sense of belonging is very special. And for all these reasons, I could not think of a better place to be. 
 Now turning to the first quarter results. As you heard from Rob, we started the year strong with reported revenue growth of 21% and adjusted EPS growth of 13% over the first quarter last year when, as you may recall, we saw a significant nonrecurring tax benefit. Strong growth and inherent operating leverage, while making selected investments in strategic areas, led to an adjusted operating margin expansion of 610 basis points at about 51%, which translated into a free cash flow conversion to GAAP net income of over 120%. Our quarterly free cash flows of close to $700 million was the highest on record. 
 Now let me touch on segment results. As Rob said, the issuance rebound led to MIS delivering its second highest quarter on record. We saw a strong start across all lines of business as tightening spreads and investor demand propelled opportunistic issuance. Corporate Finance grew 49%, predominantly from issuance by leveraged loan issuers and pull-forward activity. Financial Institutions issuance was the strongest since the financial crisis with an elevated level of infrequent issuer activity, which then led to revenue growth of 37%. 
 On the margin front, the operating leverage of our ratings business, coupled with our initiatives to drive operating efficiencies, has allowed us to capture the significant rebound in issuance and slow the upside through the bottom line with a 780 basis point expansion of adjusted operating margin year-on-year. 
 Turning to Moody's Analytics. First quarter revenue was up 8%. Growth was driven by strong demand in our Data & Information line of business with revenue growing 13% year-on-year and continued demand for our KYC and compliance solutions with revenue growing 24%. As for Research & Insights, where revenue grew 3%, timing of revenue recognition of our on-premise software subscription and transaction revenue, even though these are a small share of the business of this segment, affected the growth rate a bit this quarter as well as a modest but expected uptick in CreditView attrition from banks and asset managers. 
 If you look at the revenue from hosted software solutions, though, the growth is trending closer to ARR growth. And overall, we expect Research & Insights ARR growth to tick up to the high single-digit range by year-end, particularly with pipeline momentum picking around Research Assistant and unrated coverage expansion in recent months. 
 Speaking of ARR, MA ended the first quarter with annualized recurring revenue of $3.1 billion, up 10% from the prior year. Of note, we saw a sequential acceleration of growth within 2 of our 3 lines of businesses. Decision Solutions ARR grew 12%, up from 11% in Q4 '23; and Data & Information grew 11%, up from 10%, supported by higher retention amongst banks and public sector customers. These 2 lines of business represent about 71% of total ARR, so we're really pleased to see the growth there accelerating. You heard earlier that our retention rate remains best in class at 94%, demonstrating the stickiness of our solutions. 
 As communicated in February, we are actively balancing strategic investments that we believe will drive future growth, including in our cloud platform and product road map, with operating efficiency initiatives. That said, I'm pleased to report we delivered 29.7% adjusted operating margin in Moody's Analytics segment, an increase of 80 bps year-over-year. 
 Let me now turn to our assumptions around issuance that underpin our fiscal year outlook. As we said in February, our full year issuance outlook of mid- to high single-digit growth accounted for a stronger first half of the year. Indeed, first quarter issuance was strong across all business lines, but mainly from Corporate Finance and Financial Institutions, driven by refinancing activities with a significant proportion of that activity being pull forward. 
 That said, we are making modest revisions to select asset classes to account for what we saw in the first quarter. Specifically, we now expect big issuance to increase in the low single-digit percent range, up from approximately flat, driven by the elevated infrequent issuer activity in the first quarter that I mentioned earlier, and SFG to grow now in the high single-digit percent range as a combination of jumbo transactions and increased CLO refinancing activity fuel growth. Our guidance for first-time mandates in the range of 500 to 600 remains unchanged. 
 I will conclude on issuance by saying it is early in the year. And although we like what we saw in the first quarter, our broader issuance outlook for full year '24 remains largely unchanged. As such, we're maintaining our MIS revenue guidance of high single digit to low double-digit growth for the full year. Our updated outlook incorporates various specific macroeconomic assumptions, which are detailed in our presentation. 
 We are also adjusting our FX assumptions to reflect the appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the euro and the British pound. We now expect the euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate and the euro to GBP exchange rate to be $1.08 and $1.26, respectively, for the remainder of the year. 
 With that background, we are making the following updates to our full year outlook. Moody's Analytics revenue is now expected to increase in the high single-digit percent range, primarily reflecting the strengthening of the U.S. dollar I just mentioned. That said, our ARR growth expectation in the low double-digit range for fiscal year '24 is unchanged from our prior guidance. 
 Of note, we are maintaining our full year operating margin outlook for Moody's Analytics in the range of 30% to 31% as there is a partial FX natural hedge on our expense pool, coupled with ongoing disciplined expense management. For MIS, we just went through the issuance assumptions, and we're maintaining our full year revenue outlook of high single-digit to low double-digit percent range. And we demonstrated in Q1 that we can capture the increased volume of issuance in MIS and at the same time expand our margins, which gives us confidence to raise MIS adjusted operating margin to a range of 56% to 58%. 
 Last, we told you in February that we would narrow the EPS guidance range with increased visibility, and that is precisely what we're doing. We are narrowing the adjusted diluted EPS range for the year to $10.40 to $11. 
 And that ends our prepared remarks. I'm happy to open the call to questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Heather Balsky at Bank of America. 
Heather Balsky: I was hoping you could dig in a little bit more on what you saw in MA during the quarter, particularly in terms of some of your customers where you said you saw pressure and how you're thinking about that and how you think that trends for the rest of the year. Is it 1Q specific? Is it assuming that a continued part of the reason you reduced the guide there? 
Noemie Heuland: Yes. Heather, maybe let me start with the Q1 revenue performance and what we're seeing for the rest of the year, and I'll pass it to Rob to provide some color on pipeline and sales. In the first quarter, we delivered revenue growth of 8% and ARR growth of 10%. We had strong demand for our data solutions and KYC. Those are the 2 that grew, respectively, 13% and 24%. 
 As I said in my prepared remarks, Research & Insights was a little unusual this quarter. We had revenue growth of 3%. That was affected by some of the mix between a lower share of on-premise transaction and a shift into more SaaS subscription. 
 But if you look at the ARR growth, we haven't changed our outlook for the full year. We still expect ARR growth to be in the high single-digit growth and then -- low double-digit growth, sorry. And then we have just adjusted the revenue outlook to account for lower euro and GBP against the dollar. That's primarily what we're doing. 
 There's a little bit of seasonality in sales as well, more towards the back half of the year, which drives a bit of the revenue upside -- updated outlook as well. But our retention rate remains very strong at 94%. And our ARR, again, which is an indicator of the strength of our underlying business, remains strong as well. 
 Rob, anything you want to add? 
Robert Fauber: Yes. Heather, just to double-click a little bit, I mean you asked about retention. I'd say we're seeing, obviously, at the MA portfolio level, very strong overall retention. I'd say we do see a little bit of pressure from banks and asset managers. We saw a little bit of an uptick. Noémie just mentioned it in the research business, but some improved retention in other areas. 
 I would say, kind of more broadly, you asked about the kind of sales pipeline. I'd say the sales pipeline is quite healthy at this point. We haven't seen any elongation of sales cycles. We continue to see some strong underlying drivers for our products around digitization and automation. And certainly, GenAI has opened a whole new front in that regulation, 360-degree view of risk. So the sales pipeline, again, healthy and supports our comfort with the overall ARR guide for the year. 
Operator: We'll move next to Manav Patnaik at Barclays. 
Manav Patnaik: I just wanted to follow up a little bit on that in terms of if you could help us with some of your end market exposures maybe in MA in terms of the client pressures. We're seeing a lot of the other financial information services companies obviously call out pressure from both the buy-side and the sell-side. So just if you could help us out there going forward, if we should be keeping an eye out on anything. 
Robert Fauber: Yes. Manav, let me take that. I guess I would kind of come back and say, while certainly, there are cost pressures at financial institutions, corporates, like the one on the phone at the moment, everybody's focused on having discipline around expenses. I'm sure we can all understand that. 
 There are also some really important drivers of demand. And I'm going to double-click on what I just talked about there. So you've got financial institutions, in particular, that are focused on these -- on the digitization and automation across the entire enterprise. And institutions have gone from these transformation programs over the last, call it, decade and now they're looking at GenAI as a way to really accelerate, and in some ways, derisk those transformation journeys. And so we're having some wonderful conversations around that. 
 And I think the opportunity -- look at the value proposition of some of the solutions that we provide, Manav. When you start to think about labor substitution and the time and efficiency that can be gained from our solutions, that is a very important tool for our financial institutions customers to really address those cost pressures. So I think while the adoption of GenAI technologies is going to take a little bit longer at regulated financial institutions, I think it's a very significant opportunity. 
 And then the other thing I would go to, Manav, is -- because this is a discussion I have with literally every single customer I talk to, which is this desire to have a 360-degree view of who they're doing business with. I mean this is everyone that we talk to. And you want to understand it, so to think about optimizing your sales and marketing efforts, you want to understand what customers you want to take on. You want to monitor those customers. You need to understand much more about your supplier network. So institutions are really investing in that. And there are some regulatory drivers that are forcing them to invest in that. 
 When I talk to the big banks, they all tell me that the regulators are very focused on the resilience of their suppliers. So again, that's a place that with our data and analytics, we can actually help them and help them in a very cost-effective way. So again, I feel quite comfortable, Manav. Despite the fact that we've got to face off with procurement departments from time to time, the value prop around our solutions, I think, is pretty compelling given what our customers are focused on. 
Operator: We'll go next to Toni Kaplan at Morgan Stanley. 
Toni Kaplan: Very strong 1Q issuance quarter. Obviously, that was expected. And you raised FIG and structured marginally, but kept corporate sort of the same. And you're calling out sort of improved M&A activity and you're seeing the guide being towards the high end of the range. I guess what gives you sort of reservation not to fully raise the MIS guide? I know you talk about sort of election uncertainty and rate uncertainty later in the year and the comps get harder. But just talk through the factors because I feel like 1Q would have given a little bit of room for having cushion in doing that. 
Robert Fauber: Yes. Toni, thanks for the question. And I think part of this just comes back to it's 1Q. So let me talk to you maybe, Toni, about kind of what we see in the year in terms of both what I think could be tailwinds for issuance, so where there could be some upside as well as where we maybe have a little bit of uncertainty or caution. 
 And first of all, I would just say that there has been a significant amount of pull forward. And there's 2 kinds of pull forward, right? There's pull forward of the issuance that issuers were planning to do in a calendar year, and we are certainly seeing that. In fact, when we engage with the banks, the banks are telling their clients that they should bring forward the issuance that they were anticipating doing in the second half of the year, and they should bring that forward into the first half of the year while the market is open. Spreads are tight, so we're seeing that. The second kind of pull forward is really the pull forward of -- from maturity walls and refinancing. And we are seeing some of that as well. 
 And in general, as we kind of step back, Toni, I guess, as I think about where could there be upside and you heard that we are kind of centering around the higher end of the guide at this point. So I think there is a bias to the upside. But stronger economic growth without inflation increasing, that's going to be very positive, in particular for the leveraged finance markets. They're the ones most exposed to fluctuations and changes in economic growth. 
 But a real place that I think we're looking at is around the M&A environment. And a lot of the financing that's been done in the first quarter was refinancing. And so if we see some, what I think of as new money transactions to support M&A, and in particular sponsor-backed M&A, I think that could be an upside for issuance for the year. And that would -- not only would we see that come into leveraged loans, but I think you will also see that in terms of new CLO formation. So the commercial benefit of that will be meaningful. 
 I think just in terms of downside risks, obviously, there are more questions now about inflation prints and the timing and trajectory of Fed moves than there were at the beginning of the year. So I think people have started to kind of reset their expectations. And I think people are just looking at the -- not only the U.S. election, but they're -- we've talked about this before. Many countries are going to the polls and particularly in the back half of the year. So I think we're seeing issuers who say, "I want to be able to get ahead of that." And any furthering of geopolitical tensions, you can imagine a widening of a regional conflict in the Middle East, that kind of thing. And so we're hearing issuers get in front of that. 
 So at this point, Toni, that has led us to, I'd say, probably be a little bit measured in terms of how we think about issuance. Still early but some things to watch and, in particular, would be the, I think, the M&A environment. 
Operator: We'll go next to Ashish Sabadra at RBC Capital Markets. 
Ashish Sabadra: I just wanted to follow up on the pull forward comment. As we understand the second half pull forward in the first half, but I also wanted to better understand the pull forward from '25-'26. How does the refi wall look now for '25 and '26, even with the pull forward? Is there still a much bigger refi wall in '25-'26 compared to what we are seeing in '24? And then as we think about the M&A, where are we trending? Or what's the assumption for M&A as a percentage of overall issuance this year? And how does that compare to an average year? 
Robert Fauber: Yes. Ashish, we'll have a little bit better insight later in the year when we publish our updated maturity refinancing study, as we always do. But I would say that, certainly, you've seen issuers who are addressing upcoming maturities, particularly in loans. And there's still some maturities for 2024 that have got to get done, not a lot, as you'd expect. It's possible that we start to see some additional pull forward from 2025 perhaps and beyond in the second half of this year if markets remain supportive. So we're going to be looking after that. 
 But it's interesting. I think -- if you think about -- I mean take leverage loans for just a moment, maybe just zero in on that for a second. There was a massive amount of pandemic era issuance in leveraged loans, and that really does provide a very solid underpinning for future issuance. And when you kind of zero in on leveraged loans, there was something like $1.15 trillion of '20 and '21 maturities, and almost 70% of that matures in '27 and beyond. 
 And what that's telling me is that, that money -- that financing was done at very tight spreads and low rates. So I think that those are not great candidates to be pulled forward, right? Where you may see the pull forward is there was something like $1 trillion that was issued in 2022 and 2023. So some of that may be candidates, depending on what happens again a little bit later in the year. So we're keeping an eye on that. 
 But in general, I would say that I see the -- just given the absolute amount of debt that's been issued over the last several years, as a net positive. So I'm not concerned that all of this -- all of future years are being pulled into this year because when we think about debt velocity, which is issuance and I'm looking at the corporate markets issuance over total debt outstanding, debt velocity as a percent versus kind of the 15-year average, quite -- is still well under that 15-year average. So I think there's still a good bit of issuance. 
 On M&A, we have not changed our outlook. But as I said, there are some green shoots. We've seen some strategic deals. We've seen some sponsor-backed deals. So all that is encouraging. I talked about why sponsor-backed M&A is so important. So we're expecting, I would say, a modest recovery in 2024. That's what's built in. But this really is, I think, a wild card. 
 The one other thing I would say is that our rating assessment service, which gives us some visibility into the M&A pipeline because that then comes into issuance, that we have seen a pickup -- a very nice pickup in our rating assessment service. So that does give us some confidence that the M&A market will continue to improve for the balance of the year. 
Operator: We'll move next to Andrew Nicholas at William Blair. 
Andrew Nicholas: I wanted to ask about the AI frameworks that you outlined in the presentation on the webcast deck. And I think, Rob, you made mention of there being kind of different monetization strategies across each one of those buckets. So I was hoping you could expand on that comment and maybe on progress in terms of monetization or even a better understanding of the type of impact that could have, whether it's in '24 or in the out-years. 
Robert Fauber: Yes. So the first thing we wanted to do is make sure we had a framework. We have a lot of innovation going on, and we wanted to make sure that we're able to be thoughtful about how we go to market with that innovation for our customers.
 And I think you're going to see us deploy in a -- across a spectrum with our customers. Because our customers, we're either going to deliver GenAI-enabled workflow software, right? So those are our customers who are using our software, and that's where we'll have GenAI enablement and our skills and our assistants on that. We will have our navigators to help our customers get the most out of those offerings.
 Some of our customers are going to want to integrate either our GenAI APIs or our RAG APIs into their own internal workflow or just raw data feeds and other content with additional rights to be able to use in their own AI platform. So there will be different ways that we are going to be delivering our AI-enabled solutions. And of course, there's also third-party platforms. We're working to build out an even larger ecosystem of partners so that our customers can also access our content in systems where they're making decisions.
 So I think as I talk about kind of navigators and skills and assistants, maybe one -- a high-level way to think about this: the navigators, again, I talked about that as probably being table stakes. This is making our solutions much easier to use. And I think that will be -- that will support the value proposition, and ultimately, the pricing... 
Noemie Heuland: And retention. 
Robert Fauber: But also the retention, exactly. I think that's where that's going to -- and again, I think we're going to see that will be table stakes. Everybody is going to have -- use chatbots and other things to make their solutions easier to use. It's the skills where we're taking the proprietary Moody's content and then delivering that into the workflow for our customers and then aggregating those skills and prompt engineering into an assistant for people in banking, for people in insurance, for people in compliance.
 And I think you'll see us -- we're thinking about how we're going to price for that, whether it's going to be -- I think we'll have different models. But you can imagine, in some cases, it will be an increase to the overall subscription. In some cases, you can imagine an element of a consumption model based on how much you are consuming across these skills and our various data and content sets. So it's still a little early. And I know everybody wants to get some visibility on that, but hopefully, that gives you a little insight.
 Noémie, anything to add there? 
Noemie Heuland: Yes. The other thing I would add, reflecting on the conversations we're having with customers, they want to partner with firms that can be trusted when it comes to data integrity that have a strong reputation for robust analytics and modeling skills. They're still assessing their own framework when it comes to dealing with vendors on GenAI-enabled solutions. And that's why I think we differentiate ourselves given our reputation, our history and all the work we've done to build that framework. So I just want to add that. 
Andrew Nicholas: That's helpful. And welcome, Noémie. 
Noemie Heuland: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Wurtzel at Wolfe Research. 
Scott Wurtzel: I just wanted to go on to margins. And just given the outperformance in the first quarter and in the context of you sort of reiterating and holding the total company operating margins for the year, I was just wondering if there was any element of reinvestment plans from the upside that you saw in the first quarter that's sort of keeping that operating margin stable. Or is it really just more about kind of the implied deceleration in MIS revenue as we move throughout the year? 
Noemie Heuland: Thanks. I can maybe take that. We've increased the MIS adjusted operating margin by 50 bps for the full year. We've maintained our MA adjusted operating margin unchanged despite a bit of revenue headwind. That's because we are very mindful in our spend. We're investing strategically, but we're also building efficiencies into the system.
 So all in all, the outlook in terms of the consolidated level hasn't really changed. We've moved a little bit up in our range, but we remain within the 44% to 46% range that we've communicated before. 
Robert Fauber: Yes. And I guess the only -- the double-click on that is given what we've seen in the first quarter, we have not upsized our investment program. 
Operator: We'll go next to Faiza Alwy at Deutsche Bank. 
Faiza Alwy: I wanted to go back to MA and the change in the revenue guide. Just want to clarify, like is the change entirely FX? Or is there something else to keep in mind as it relates to just to converting ARR to revenues? And I'm curious if you can talk about how much FX impacted MA this quarter. 
Noemie Heuland: Yes. I'll take that. On the first quarter, we didn't see any material impact on FX. It's really for the remainder of the year as we saw some strengthening of the U.S. dollar. The update in the outlook for MA revenue, it's primarily FX driven. There's also a little bit of sales linearity that's more geared towards the back half of the year than what we initially thought in February. But what -- as Rob talked about, our pipeline is very strong. We have -- can you hear me? Yes. We have a strong pipeline. Our meetings -- sales meetings are very -- going very well. So it's primarily FX with a little bit of sales seasonality as well. 
Faiza Alwy: Okay. So just to be clear, sorry, just to -- there's no change. You're not sort of lowering the -- within the low double-digit range per ARR. ARR is still pretty much in line with how you... 
Noemie Heuland: Yes, that's correct. We -- the ARR is a forward-looking measure of the health of our recurring revenue business, and the underlying health of that business hasn't changed from what we said before. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Silber at BMO Capital Markets. 
Jeffrey Silber: Wanted to continue the discussion on MA, focus a little bit more on Research & Insights. You talked a little bit about the slowness in the quarter. I think you said there was some timing and there were some other things. But if I can just clarify that. And then also, why do you expect growth to accelerate specifically in Research & Insights in the back half of the year? 
Robert Fauber: Yes. So over the past year or so, we have seen a little bit of deceleration in ARR growth in Research & Insights. And obviously, fixed income research is a pretty mature market. And that's really one reason that we focused on these 2 new enhancements to CreditView that we have talked about over the last quarter or 2. That's the Research Assistant and the unrated coverage expansion. It is going to take a little time for us to see the benefits of that in ARR growth.
 We have seen some modest retention pressures with CreditView. Some of that has come from the recent banking consolidation. We had expected that, frankly. And we expect ARR to pick back up in the second half of the year and accelerate towards high single digits, again, for a couple of reasons. One, the CreditView coverage expansion. And we have a good sales pipeline there and have actually seen some particular interest in Europe and also from those in the private credit market. And then second, Research Assistant. So we've seen sales really start to pick up in the quarter. We're now at 37 sales. We expect that to -- we have a very nice pipeline.
 And what I mentioned earlier, the earlier adopters of Research Assistant tend to be smaller companies where there's less of a kind of a regulatory risk and control environment that they have to contend with. So we're having some really encouraging discussions with some very large institutions, but those take a little bit more time. And so we've also seen a very nice uptick in user requests and also engagement. And those are really very good leading indicators for us in terms of the market's interest.
 And so when we've got people that we're turning on to Research Assistant and we see very strong upticks in usage, that gives us a lot of confidence. And so I think together, these things, we think, are going to help us pull that ARR growth back up in the back end of the year. 
Operator: Next, we'll go to George Tong at Goldman Sachs. 
Keen Fai Tong: You mentioned seeing some pull forward in refinancing issuance, some from the second half of 2024 and some from beyond 2024. Can you talk about how much opportunistic issuance may have been pulled forward into the quarter and what that could mean for non-refinancing-related issuance in the back half of this year and beyond? 
Robert Fauber: I guess George, maybe the best way I could quantify it is still the meaningful majority of issuance in the quarter was refinancing. So the new money, there was a combination of -- I do think there was some pull forward of new money transactions, but a lot of what was getting done was refinancing activity. Does that give you some -- does that help? 
Keen Fai Tong: Yes. Yes, that helps. And I guess, what's the view on new money over the next several quarters in the back half of the year? 
Robert Fauber: Yes. George, so that's where I come back to. If -- for us to really have confidence that the first quarter is not kind of a one-trick pony of pull forward of issuance, either in new opportunistic issuance from the second half of the year or a pull forward of maturity walls, what we really want to see is the mix of refi to new money start to pick up. And that's why I go back to that M&A. I think that's going to be an important driver because there is a mountain of money at these private equity firms that has got to get deployed. So there's actually two things going on.
 The private equity players have got to exit, and the last couple of years have been very difficult for sponsor exits because of a very soft IPO market and obviously a quiet M&A environment. So the sponsors are looking to exit, and you've also got sponsors with a huge amount of dry powder that has got to get deployed. And so we have started to see some of that in -- towards the end of the first quarter. We started to see some of these multibillion-dollar, sponsor-backed transactions in the public markets. That's the kind of thing we're going to look for. If that continues into the second half of the year, that's going to give upside, I think, to our current issuance outlook. 
Operator: We'll go next to Craig Huber at Huber Research. 
Craig Huber: Noémie, I'm curious, you're new CFO here. You're following roughly 20 years, very strong, the prior 2 CFOs, your company there and stuff. What are you thinking you can improve upon at the company that you're willing to talk about publicly here? 
Noemie Heuland: Thanks for the question. I think the -- if I think about stepping back a bit about the company's priorities and where we're headed, I think my priorities are very much aligned with where the company is going and what we're focused on to accomplish our medium-term targets and beyond.
 The first thing I'd say is continuing to focus on a very thoughtful capital allocation, balancing the investment spend to drive future growth and really move from a legacy onetime revenue into full recurring, which will then in turn expand the margin. I think that's very important. I have worked with companies before who evolved their business model from on-premise, lower margin into SaaS recurring and scaled businesses. And I think that's an area that really excites me. What I've seen so far really resonates with me, and that's really what I want to focus on.
 And then obviously, continuing to drive efficiencies both internally as well as for our customers and talking to a lot of our customers. The other thing I want to do as well, spend some time with you all to understand what are the things you're looking at, what things you think we're doing well, things where you'd like us to see do differently, and I'm really much looking forward to that as well. 
Robert Fauber: Yes. And Craig, I will add. I think Noémie is also going to bring a wonderful perspective and I think help communicate to the market the real value of this business and using the perspective that she's had from software and SaaS businesses in the past. So we're really excited about it. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeff Meuler at Baird. 
Jeffrey Meuler: So great to hear the progress on RMS. On the revenue acceleration, does the revenue lift come as the upgraded -- as they do the platform upgrade? Or is it that the platform upgrade enables follow-on sales? Just trying to understand the sequencing.
 And then on the synergies bit, it sounds like, correct me if I'm wrong, but mostly two-way cross-sell synergies between heritage RMS and Moody's products. Where are you on, I guess, net new product synergies that combine the capabilities from each of the firms? 
Robert Fauber: Yes. Jeff, great question. RMS is really turning into a nice story for us. And I guess I would -- maybe I'll call it core RMS ARR, that is now growing in line with MA ARR. And that is a far cry from the quite low single-digit percent growth when we acquired the business. And part -- there's a couple of things going on there just with the core business, excluding the synergies.
 One is, in fact, an acceleration of the migration of customers from on-prem to the Intelligent Risk Platform. And those of you who know the history of RMS know that we -- RMS struggled with a prior SaaS rollout. The Intelligent Risk Platform is the real deal, its industrial strength, and we're really seeing some very nice migration.
 And to your question, there are -- there's two things. So one, there are commercial benefits as we move customers over; and two, exactly as you said, Jeff, once you're there, it's much easier to adopt additional solutions because now you've got all the data in one spot, you can integrate your own models, third-party models. So there are a lot of benefits driving customers to migrate to the SaaS platform and to continue to grow their relationship with RMS.
 The second thing is just good old-fashioned sales blocking and tackling. We moved our -- one of our most experienced sales managers in to be the Head of Sales and really have even more discipline around the RMS sales program, and that has also paid dividends.
 And then the nature of the synergies, I mean, you're exactly right. So I'll give you one very exciting example of what I would call kind of outbound synergies. So this is RMS IP to other Moody's customers. We just signed one of the world's largest banks as a customer of the cat model. So this isn't even kind of our Climate On Demand for banks. This is literally the full cat models. So this is a bank who wanted to have a very sophisticated view of the impact on -- of climate and extreme weather events on their portfolio and to be able to do stress testing and all sorts of things. So that's really exciting.
 And we're seeing more and more demand from banks and asset managers and corporates around supply chain who want to do exactly that, the physical risk relating to climate and extreme weather. And then the other is the inbound cross-sell. Again, a very nice story. And a lot of that is around the KYC, know your third party, leveraging our master data in our data solutions team. So we have a very nice momentum there. So all in all, I feel quite good about what's going on at RMS. 
Operator: We'll go next to Andrew Steinerman at JPMorgan. 
Andrew Steinerman: I just wanted to get with the current guide for credit issuance. Are you assuming that issuance on a transactional basis will be down in the fourth quarter this year? And also, I just wanted to check your pulse on if you thought we were in the midst of a multiyear issuance recovery following the pullback in '22? 
Robert Fauber: Andrew, great questions. So thinking about, I guess, year to go. Obviously, we've held the issuance forecast range. I mentioned that we expect to be in the higher end of that range. And so obviously, that invites questions about, okay, given the strong first quarter, what does that imply then about the second half? And it does, in fact, imply a, I'd say, for year to go, so that's 3 quarters a, call it, mid-single-digit decline in issuance for the balance of the year.
 And to your point, Andrew, I would say, more focused on the fourth quarter, where we would think the issuance would be down more in the mid-teens range. And part of that again is because of some of the uncertainties I talk about and one of those being elections. And so we just assume that people are going to pull out of the fourth quarter where they can. So for the most part, I'd say our forecast represents really just a change in the calendarization of issuance. But I talked earlier about some of the drivers that we're going to be looking for.
 And then maybe, Andrew, to your second point about are we in the midst of a multiyear, I can't remember the term you used, issuance? 
Andrew Steinerman: Issuance recovery given the pullback in '22. 
Robert Fauber: Yes. I do think we are. And I think that's consistent with -- we obviously updated our medium-term targets for MIS, and I think that's part of that. And I will go back to that point, Andrew, around what -- one of the things I -- that leads me to that conclusion is -- and while we may have -- again, we may have a little volatility in the quarters here in the year, but I think the trend line is up.
 And again, I go back to that debt velocity. Just to give you a number, at least the numbers we work with, when you go back to, like, okay, let's say, 2009, so just post-global financial crisis, corporate issuance over total corporate outstanding was all the way back to then of something like 14%. And we're well below that still. So that tells me we've got some room just, again, given the huge amount of issuance over the last few years.
 The one other thing I would say, Andrew, is I get asked -- we've gotten asked a lot on these calls about private credit and is this disintermediating the public markets. I actually have started to think of it almost as another form of maturity wall because look what went on in the quarter. We had 45 deals that got slipped from private markets to public markets. So I had mentioned that I thought of this as a deferral of issuance, not a cannibalization of issuance. 
 In some cases, of course, there could be some cannibalization, but we're seeing there's a lot of just deferral because the private credit players are rational financial actors. And if they can get cheaper financing in public markets, they're going to do it, and they are doing it. So that I actually think is supported -- I actually started to think private credit is actually a tailwind for us that will be supportive of this, as you say, recovery in issuance. 
Operator: We'll go next to Russell Quelch at Redburn. 
Russell Quelch: Wanted to ask a balance sheet-related question. I see that your gross leverage is now down at around 2.2, which is the lowest level we've seen from you guys in years. And you also slowed the pace of the buyback in Q1. Perhaps that cash on the balance sheet went up by about $300 million in the quarter. That actually was quite stable through 2023, so that's a break in trend there. Is there a change in how you're thinking about capital allocation or the cash you need to hold on the balance sheet? And are you perhaps making room for acquisitions here? Can you just give a bit of color there? 
Noemie Heuland: Yes. On capital allocation, we are maintaining our approach, and it's my intent to continue that. We -- on the share buyback, which I think is where you're going, we -- it's just been 1 quarter of execution. The pace isn't out of line with our planned cadence. We expect to catch up in the second quarter and the second half to hit our targets, so I wouldn't read anything into that. And then last year, we focused on deleveraging because we had ticked up in 2022. 
Operator: We'll move next to Owen Lau at Oppenheimer. 
Kwun Sum Lau: So I have two housekeeping questions for modeling purpose. The first one is I want to go back to the margin. Would you be able to provide more color on the seasonality for the margins of MIS and MA for the rest of this year? And then the second one is on the migration to cloud revenue. My understanding is it will impact your upfront revenue growth, but you'll be better off longer term. Should we expect your MA revenue growth to run below your ARR growth until you completed your migration in like RMS and also research? 
Robert Fauber: Owen, this is Rob. I'm going to take the first one. No, I don't think so. I don't think you're going to see us kind of have what I would call kind of a big valley as we're moving from customers from on-prem to SaaS. So that's not something I would anticipate.
 And your first question was around the calendarization of MIS margins, I believe. 
Noemie Heuland: Yes. MIS margin, we saw a -- the top line, we expect this to be growing low single digit in the remainder of the year. For the margin for MIS, we're forecasting the expenses to decline slightly in the second quarter in the low single digit sequentially from the first quarter. Our first quarter MIS adjusted operating margin of 64.6%, and expanded full year expectation implies an adjusted operating margin in the range of 53% to 56% on average for the remainder of the year.
 Especially for the second quarter, if you want to use that for modeling purposes, we expect that to be slightly higher than the upper end of our fiscal year guidance before then decreasing sequentially each quarter through the end of the year, which is pretty much in line with the MIS revenue cadence as well, which is expected to decline in -- throughout the year. For MA, we -- again, we expect the margin to evolve in the same pattern as the revenue with an uptick in the 30% to 31% in the back half of the year. 
Operator: And we'll take a follow-up from Craig Huber at Huber Research. 
Craig Huber: You sort of touched on this, but can you just talk a little further about your expectations for the whole company for your cost ramp for the remaining 3 quarters in light of your guidance for cost here? That's my first housekeeping question. The other thing I want to ask you, in the past, you guys have given us your incentive compensation that you booked in the quarter. What's your outlook for the year there? 
Noemie Heuland: Yes. On incentive comp, first of all, we recorded $105 million for the first quarter. We expect, on average, $100 million for the second and third quarter and slightly up in the fourth quarter. So that's for the incentive comp.
 And on the expense cadence, we expect the second quarter expense to be flat sequentially in the second quarter versus Q1, and then gradually increasing by about $20 million to $30 million between Q2 and Q3 and then by $15 million to $25 million in the fourth quarter. That reflects our strategic investments, some merit increase as well as some other variable costs, which are in line with the business growth. 
Craig Huber: And I have one more quick thing. Your private credit as a percentage of revenues and ratings right now, Rob or Noémie, where is that sitting at right now? How small is that? 
Robert Fauber: Craig, it's -- that's an interesting question because I think we could get into a bit of a battle of definitions here. As I kind of step back and think about serving the alternative asset managers, these are the Blackstones, the Apollos, they're both in the public markets and the private markets. And we have, as you'd expect, very significant relationships with a broad range of players in that market.
 In fact, when you -- going back to the FIG revenues for the quarter, part of that opportunistic issuance was coming from our funds and asset management segment -- subsegment in FIG. And part of that was actually coming from BDCs and other folks who you would think of as being in the private credit market. So I guess, Craig, it's a little bit of a tough question for me to answer because I think of serving the Apollos and the Blackstones, and I think of that as public and private. And that's quite significant.
 We -- as you know, we did roll out a dedicated private credit team. We do have an expanded offering for specifically [ 4 things ] that you would think of as private credit. So we've got credit estimates for BDCs. We've got a number of different kinds of offerings to support fund finance. In fact, we just rolled out a subscription line methodology, and we have a very nice pipeline. And that I would think of as primarily private credit related. All of that stuff is growing quite significantly.
 So I would say, maybe to cap it off, our relationship with the big -- with the alternative asset management community in -- and I'm saying just in MIS for the moment, is quite significant. As it relates to specifically private credit, yes, for now, considerably smaller but growing quite quickly. I hope that gives you some sense. 
Craig Huber: Yes. You went a couple of different ways I didn't think you were going to go, but yes, that's helpful. 
Operator: And we'll go next to Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Rob, can you talk a little bit about the KYC growth? It was 18% in 3Q; 20% 4Q; 23% in -- now this last quarter. You're kind of accelerating on a larger revenue base. If you can give us some idea as to what's driving that. And then also, at the same time, you're seeing the revenue growth, but you're seeing the ARR kind of still around the 18% -- 17%, 18%. And maybe you could talk about that in the context of the revenue growth. 
Robert Fauber: Shlomo, thanks for the question. Yes, this is a powerful growth engine here. And it's -- they're just -- there's a number of demand drivers. You probably heard me talk about on the call before that I've gotten to a point where I think KYC is not doing this justice in terms of the name because it talks about know your customer. And you heard me earlier on the call say, a theme with literally every customer I talk to is know your -- who you're doing business with and being able to connect the dots. So that is a big opportunity for us. And KYC is right in the middle of it. And we are broadening out our solution set, leveraging all of the content that supports KYC. So that's the massive company database that we call Orbis. It's all of the people and PEPs information. It's the AI-curated news. That supports what you would think of as traditional KYC.
 And then people want to understand, okay, well, I need to have that information about my suppliers plus other information. And so the demand for what you would think of as the KYC solutions just continues to broaden out, and we're selling into that. And that's one of the areas of investment for us, Shlomo.
 We talked about really wanting to serve corporates because historically, this has been serving financial institutions. But this theme of know who you're doing business with is a big theme with large corporations, and we have some fantastic customer wins that really validate our right to win in that space.
 The other thing, I may have mentioned this on some prior calls is, especially in the back half of last year, we had a lot of product innovation going on in that space. You may have even seen like some articles about Moody's and the number of shell companies that we had identified around the world that got a lot of press. Well, that shell company indicators is one of the products we created. We also have something called an entity verification API that pulls together a bunch of our different datasets and allows our customers to do real-time checks. So product innovation, broadening of demand, all of that together, Shlomo, is continuing to drive some very strong growth, I think, for the foreseeable future. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Should we see the ARR kind of ticking up a little bit? Where we're seeing the revenue ticking up, should we see ARR ticking up as well? I know it's pretty healthy as it is, but revenue is moving ahead of that. 
Robert Fauber: Yes. I mean we don't guide on that, but I think... 
Noemie Heuland: I'd really look at the ARR as the best indicator of the underlying trends in that business, as with every other line, by the way. I think that's the best way to look at it. 
Robert Fauber: I'd say, Shlomo, we've got some positive momentum there in the ARR, I believe. 
Operator: And that does conclude the Q&A session. I'll turn the conference back over to Rob for any closing remarks. 
Robert Fauber: All right. Well, thank you, everybody, for your questions. And I appreciate you joining the call, and we'll talk to you next quarter. Have a great day. 
Noemie Heuland: Thank you. 
Operator: And this concludes Moody's Corporation First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the Investor Resources section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay will be made available after the call on the Moody's IR website. Thank you.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-13 11:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. And welcome to the Moody's Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded, and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for question and answers following the presentation. I will now turn the call over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shivani Kak: Thank you. And good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'm Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2023, as well as our outlook for full year 2024. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our Web site at ir.moodys.com. During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures referenced during this call in US GAAP. I call your attention to the safe harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion & Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our Web site and on the SEC's Web site. These, together with the safe harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I will now turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Fauber: Thanks, Shivani. Good morning. And thanks to everybody for joining today's call. We're here from a snowy New York City. I'm going to start with some highlights from 2023 and then discuss our expectations for 2024. And after my prepared remarks, Steve Talinko, who is the President of Moody's Analytics; and Mike West, the President of Moody's Investor Service, will be joining me along with Caroline Sullivan, our Interim CFO for the Q&A portion of the call. And before we get into it, I have some very exciting news. As you may have seen this morning, we announced the appointment of Noemie Heuland as our new Chief Financial Officer, and she's reporting directly to me. And Noemie brings a wealth of knowledge to Moody's after nearly 25 years in senior roles at global public companies, including most recently as CFO of Dayforce, formerly Ceridian, and over a decade with global enterprise application software provider SAP, during which it transitioned to a global software as a service business model. So as CFO, she's going to lead the global finance organization that includes accounting and controllership, financial planning and analysis, financial systems, Investor Relations, strategic sourcing and procurement and tax and treasury. And her firsthand experience in scaling high growth category leading public software companies, along with her extensive global experience, I think, really make her the ideal CFO for Moody's as we invest in and grow our subscription-based analytics businesses and continue to expand our ratings business around the world. So it's an exciting time for Moody's and I look forward to Noemie jumping in beginning April 1st, and of course she's going to be a regular fixture on this call going forward. Before we get into the results, I also want to thank Caroline Sullivan, who is here with me for her immense contributions and support over the last few months as Moody's Interim-CFO and Caroline will remain as our Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller. So with that, moving on to our results. 2023 really was a defining year for us here at Moody's. We delivered 8% revenue growth, we grew adjusted diluted EPS by 16% and we were an early mover in GenAI adoption and innovation launching our first ever GenAI enabled product in December. And I have to say that the energy and excitement across the organization really was palpable throughout the year as we launched new products, we entered into strategic partnerships with some of the world's leading tech companies and we increased the gap in our Chartis RiskTech100 number one ranking. And as we grew, we also increased our margin by over 100 basis points for the year, all while investing across the firm in technology, in products and in people. And amidst what was a pretty challenging operating environment for our financial services customers, MA delivered ARR growth of 10% with retention rates in the mid-90s. And looking at the three reporting lines of business in MA, that's decision solutions, data and information, and research and insights, we delivered ARR growth of 11%, 10% and 7% respectively. And as we have upped the pace of product development to meet the strong market demand, for tools to better manage risk and to digitize and transform workflows for 2024, we expect MA revenue to grow at approximately 10% with ARR growth in the low double digit percent range. MIS meanwhile delivered 19% growth in the quarter and 6% for the full year. Corporate finance, financial institutions and public project and infrastructure finance, they all achieved double digit revenue growth compared to 2022 on gradually improving market conditions. And I think I used the phrase fragile when describing the markets back on our third quarter earnings call. And this turned out to be true for the Q4 where despite a very active November, December issuance was more muted than we had expected. And we've seen a very constructive start to the year, and consequently our revenue expectations for 2024 are in the high single to low double-digit percent range for MIS and I'll touch on this a bit more on the call, as well as I'm sure some asset specific issuance guidance. So looking out over 2024 and beyond, we're really excited about the great momentum in the business and the tremendous growth potential that we've got in front of us. And to capitalize on these opportunities, we're accelerating and increasing the level of organic investment this year in three critical areas, that's GenAI, new product development and platforming and technology. And this is a delivered investment program to fully capture the power of AI across our business, to expand the reach and connectedness of MA Solutions and accelerate the technology enablement of the ratings agency, all to deliver on our ambitious medium-term targets. Now our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged. First, invest in our business whenever we see great opportunities and we are in fact doing that. And second, return capital to stockholders. And this year, we expect to nearly double the amount of capital we return to our stockholders through dividends and share repurchases. And that brings me to our EPS guidance. We're anticipating adjusted diluted EPS to be in the range of $10.25 to $11 for 2024. This incorporates a little bit wider range at the beginning of the year to capture some of the uncertainty around issuance and we would expect this to narrow during the course of the year. And of note, as you compare 2024 EPS guidance to 2023, you might remember we had some outsized tax benefits in the first half of last year that resulted in a 2023 effective tax rate of 16.9% and for 2024, we're expecting the rate to be in the range of 22% to 24%. And if you look through the 2023 benefit at the midpoint of our 2024 range, our 2024 adjusted EPS represents 24% growth rate since 2022 and that's in line with the low double digit percentage growth that we've targeted over the medium term. Now looking at 2023, I want to take a moment to touch on a few data points that highlight what a powerful franchise we have, and also put our 2023 accomplishments into some perspective amidst, as I said, what was a very challenging operating environment for many of our customers last year. And despite relatively modest MIS rated issuance growth of about 5%, we generated approximately $450 million in incremental revenue growth across our entire company. And today, we have a base of recurring revenue of over $4 billion while our more transactional oriented revenue model across a $74 trillion universe of rated debt gives us upside as debt velocity improves. And together, this underpins our confidence in accelerating our revenue growth to the high single to low double digit percent range in 2024. And over the years, we have really built a customer base that's almost like no other company with 97% of the Fortune 100 and 87% of the Forbes 1000 being a Moody's customer today. And the world's leading companies turn to us, they trust our market leading solutions and that gives us a tremendous base to sell into. This shows up in the many external accolades and awards that we've received. We had over 150 last year alone. And I want to give a special shout out to our MIS team as we were awarded best credit rating agency for the 12th year in a row by Institutional Investor, that is great stuff. And I think we all understand our market leading position in ratings, but we've also built a market leading position with our MA business. And for the second year in a row, we were ranked number one in the Chartis RiskTech100 and that was supported by category wins in strategy, banking and insurance, and a number of solutions categories ranging from climate risk to credit risk, to financial crime data and a number more. And understanding the critical importance of attracting and retaining the best talent in this environment, we continue to lean into our culture to make this the kind of place where the brightest minds want to build their careers and help our customers address some of the world's great challenges. So to sustain our growth, you frequently hear about the investments that we make in our solutions to help our customers make better, more informed decisions about risk and we achieved a number of important milestones in 2023, too many to get into on this call, but I am going to focus on just a few of the highlights. In ratings, we continue to expand the markets we serve through Moody's Local. We also developed dedicated teams in digital finance and private credit so that we're at the forefront of opportunities in the global debt markets. In private credit specifically, we're coordinating across our ratings franchise so that we have the engagement, the methodologies and the analytical and commercial resources to be the agency of choice for players in this market, ranging from BDCs to alternative asset managers, insurance companies and debt funds. To further address the private credit opportunity, we added more than 12,000 unrated entities to our CreditView research service in November that triples the breadth of our coverage and provides a new runway for growth for our research business. Another growth opportunity in our Research and Insights business that many of you have heard about is our Research Assistant product, that's our first GenAI enabled product that we launched commercially on December 1st. And it's the first of a number of Gen AI enabled tools that we’re developing and we’re excited about the initial customer feedback and early traction with this product, and I'm sure we're going to touch on this a bit more in the Q&A. We also continue to enhance and expand our massive company database in important ways to create valuable early warning signals for our customers and address the increasing demand for third party risk management. And there were really three elements to that in 2023 that I'll call out. First was integrating our predictive analytic tools and credit scores on over 450 million companies into Orbis. The second was expanding our coverage of over a million AI curated and scored new stories a day that are available in companies in Orbis. And third, leveraging our investment in BitSight over the course of 2023, we integrated over 6 million cyberscores into Orbis, and that number continues to grow. Across decision solutions, we developed new solutions and integrated more datasets to expand the utility of our offerings. And in KYC, our new entity verification tool combines real time registry content with our Orbis data to help our customers identify risky shell companies and minimize the potential for fraud and sanctions risk. With the launch of our most recent Sanctions360 tool, we are the only one in the market who can look through multiple complex layers of corporate hierarchies and ownership structures to identify potential sanctions breaches. In banking, we integrated climate analytics into a broad range of workflow solutions from loan origination to portfolio management to stress testing. And in insurance, in just a year, we more than doubled the number of customers using our cloud based intelligent risk platform, that's a versatile cloud-based risk analytics platform that enables customers to analyze hundreds of millions of commercial and residential locations. It's not just being used by insurers, we are attracting a diverse set of customers who have a tangible and growing need for our more sophisticated climate data and analytics. I have to say I'm proud to report that at the end of January, we signed one of the world's largest banks as a new customer of our climate and catastrophe modeling solutions to support the in-depth climate analysis for required regulatory disclosures and stress testing. And underpinning all of this is our ongoing foundational investments in the business, and these investments will enhance our ability to integrate our data state across all of our customer use cases more efficiently and more effectively. So I hope as you get a sense, there are a lot of exciting things that are happening here at Moody's. And as I take a step back to consider the many opportunities for growth ahead, I really am energized by all that's in front of us. And there are three things that we are doing to really drive future growth, that is land new customers, expand customer relationships and then innovate continuously to deliver more value. And I just touched on the breadth and quality of our existing customer relationships. We've got a fantastic customer base, especially in financial services where we've been developing relationships for literally decades, landing new customers, expanding relationships and innovating with a proven track record of growth. And in recent years, we've been successful in growing these relationships further and diversifying into new areas like KYC and supplier risk management. In fact, our net expansion rate in the financial services sector stands at a healthy 109%, and I think that's a pretty clear indication of our ability to deepen relationships and deliver value. And now leveraging GenAI and our broader content sets and capabilities, expanding and deepening these relationships will continue to be a significant opportunity for us. Now building on these successes, we've got a great opportunity to expand in new customer segments, supporting new use cases. While financial institutions account for about 70% of ARR and MA, there's been very good demand coming from newer relationships beyond the financial services segment, 14% new sales compound annual growth rate over the last two years in these sectors and that's the corporate and public sector. And over that period, we've established significant relationships with major companies in the United States and Europe. We're leveraging our expertise for customer and supplier risk assessment. Our ratings business also has some opportunities to serve existing and new customers, and I think of those as kind of the markets of tomorrow. We've expanded our footprint in domestic and emerging debt markets where the growth is faster than it is in more developed debt markets. And interesting data point, the Moody's Local initiative in Latin America, which you've heard me talk about, it's a great example of doing that where organic revenue grew 22% in 2023. So these land and expand opportunities are supported by major secular trends that are driving demand for our offerings, and I would cite a few of those. We're poised to capitalize on the content, unlock opportunities from GenAI enablement and innovation; the widespread digitization and transformation programs across banks and insurers, the growing demand for third party risk management solutions and the ongoing growth of the private credit sector. And with our wide range and capabilities that we've put together to deliver this holistic view of risk, I think we are uniquely well positioned at the intersection of these trends. So I can assure you that we reflected a lot on these opportunities as we entered our annual operating plan cycle this fall. And not dissimilar to past years, we were challenged to prioritize and balance organic investments with operational efficiency and productivity initiatives. On the efficiency side, we expect to generate savings from resource redeployment, alternative staffing models, automation and GenAI enablement and geolocation strategies, and we're prioritizing investment spending on areas that are enabling us to deliver at our current growth rates, including SaaS based product development, sales deployment, operational resiliency and ratings workflows. And these initiatives are really funded within our what we think of as our regular pace of operating margin expansion. But as we exited the initial sprint around GenAI innovation last year, we reflected on the opportunities ahead of us. We considered the deep customer relationships that I've just touched on, our unique data assets that you hear us talk about, the market trends that I just mentioned, together with our growth strategy. And we proactively upped the organic investments that we started in the summer of last year. And we are increasing our budgeted operating expenses for 2024 by an additional $60 million in three primary investment areas. First, and I'm sure this isn't particularly surprising is GenAI. We're increasing product related investments across MA that will continue to build on our early mover momentum from 2023 and investments across the company and initiatives to accelerate employee adoption and improve productivity. On the product side, we have a few really interesting things that are moving ahead fairly quickly. So CreditLens, which is our flagship banking origination solution will be the next to launch a GenAI enabled capability to generate a credit memo within seconds, leveraging the digitized information about borrowers and their credit facilities that is stored natively in our software. And we're going to be saving loan officers and credit professionals countless hours compiling information and generating the first draft of the documents that are produced with virtually every commercial loan. We've got our first beta customer already and we are currently in preview with a number of other customers. I'm also very encouraged by our new GenAI enabled commercial real estate early warning system that we believe will significantly enhance commercial real estate portfolio monitoring capabilities for both lenders and investors. And I actually just sat through a demo of this in the last week or two. And the early warning system integrates a wide range of our data sets. It enables the evaluation of news events in real time, running scenarios and calculations that link together market forecasts, listings and property data, tenant data and valuation and credit models. And again, the early feedback has been very positive and we're already looking to extend these capabilities beyond just commercial real estate. Now from an internal perspective, we've rolled out GitHub Copilot and some other GenAI tools to more than 1,500 engineering professionals across the company. And as a result of our experience last year, we've specifically planned for efficiency gains in our engineering budgets in 2024. We're also rolling out our next generation of AI enabled tools for our sales teams across the company over the next several months. So that's the first area. The second area is product development. And as part of our land and expand strategy in MA, we are building on the success and momentum of our KYC business, which has grown to over $300 million of ARR in just a few years. And I think those of you who've been on this call for a while, you've heard me mention before that Know Your Customer is probably too limiting of a term for this business as it continues to expand. So this year, we're increasing investments to develop solutions focused on the growing market demand really for solutions to serve their customer and supplier risk needs. And we're especially encouraged by recent wins with a number of large government and Fortune 100 customers. So this year, we're going to make investments in product, technology and data and go-to-market capabilities to be able to scale in these customer segments. The ratings ecosystem also continues to evolve. In early January, we were just provided with the very first -- we just had the very first rating on a tokenized bond fund. And while digital finance is still nascent, we're going to be ready to help our customers delivering our ratings on the platforms wherever they are going to issue. So that's second. And then third is around technology platforming. So we're building on the platforming work that we highlighted in our Innovation Open House event back in September. And as we explained then, this work is critical to strengthening the interoperability of all of our data estate and improving the synergies across our solutions. By investing in our platforming and engineering capabilities, we're going to accelerate our time to market, enhance the customer experience, better enable cross sell and upsell and deliver engineering efficiencies. The faster this work gets done, the sooner we will realize the revenue and efficiency benefits, so we have decided to hit the accelerator. The same is true in ratings, where more tech enabled workflow is really key to the quality, speed, efficiency and compliance. And we've been on a journey to modernize, digitize and automate our systems. We've made some good headway but there is still more work to be done. Now optimizing our data estate and moving more of our workflow into cloud-based applications really has never been more important given the promise of AI and the digitization of financial markets. So here too, we decided to accelerate our efforts and this will be critical in achieving our medium-term margin targets. So now let me turn to our issuance outlook very briefly. We're expecting more constructive market conditions in 2024. And I'm sure, as you have all seen, it was a very busy start to the year, over $150 billion in investment grade issuance in January alone. Underpinning our MIS revenue growth outlook of high single to low double digits is an increase in MIS rated issuance in the mid to high single digit percent range. For corporates, we expect that leverage finance will grow faster than investment grade issuance, which should be favorable to revenue mix. And our outlook is built on the macroeconomic assumptions that are detailed on Page 20 of our webcast deck and notably incorporating a soft landing here in the US and rate cuts starting in the second quarter of this year. And I imagine we'll dive deeper into both our issuance and macroeconomic assumptions in the Q&A session. Now before moving off of MIS, I do want to highlight that early last year, we committed to reviewing our medium-term guidance for MIS revenue growth once we saw a sustainable improvement in the debt markets. And I'm happy to share that following 6% revenue growth in 2023 and the expectation of at least high single digit growth in 2024, we have updated our medium term revenue growth target for MIS to be in the mid to high single digit percent growth range. Now moving back to our 2024 annual guidance. Moody's revenue is expected to grow in the high single to low double digit percent range. The Moody's adjusted operating margin is projected to be in the range of 44% to 46%, that's about 100 basis points of margin improvement at the midpoint. And the Moody's revenue and adjusted operating margin guidance ranges incorporate the variability of that MIS transaction based revenue and then balanced against the subscription base in MA where nearly 95% of our revenues are recurring. In regards to M&A, we're guiding to a tighter range of approximately 10% revenue growth and low double digit growth in ARR. Now MA's adjusted operating margin is expected to be in the range of 30% to 31% this year, that's absorbing the impact of the incremental organic investments that I just talked about. In the medium term, we expect MA's adjusted operating margin to be in the mid 30s percent range. And as I have discussed with a number of you, the path to that target is not exactly linear. For 2024, MIS' adjusted operating margin is expected to be in the range of 55.5% to 57.5%, that is a 200 basis point improvement versus 2023 at the midpoint and that is solidly on towards the medium-term target of low 60s percent. Our expenses overall are expected to grow in the mid to high single digit percent range. A couple of factors worth noting, first, we closed out our 2022, ‘23 geolocation restructuring program at the end of 2023. Caroline can talk more about that. Second, we’re expecting depreciation and amortization expenses of approximately $450 million in 2024, that's an increase of approximately 20% as compared to 2023. And that growth is largely related to the cumulative effect of our shift towards developing exclusively SaaS based solutions starting back in 2021, and coupled with the increased capital expenditures associated with the three primary areas of incremental organic investment that I just talked about. And we're expecting free cash flow of between $1.9 billion and $2.1 billion and adjusted EPS to be in the range, as I said earlier, of $10.25 to $11, again, a 24% increase at the midpoint versus 2022 looking through those tax benefits that I touched on. So I'll wrap up by just saying it was a really great year for us here in 2023. I'm expecting an even more exciting one ahead. I'm energized by our strategy. We've got fantastic engagement across the company. And we believe that now is the time to invest in the opportunity that's in front of us to fully embrace the power of AI across our business, to accelerate the build out of our technology platform and to bring together our content to build new solutions with unique value propositions that will accelerate growth. So with that, I welcome Caroline, Steve and Mike to join me for Q&A. And operator, please open the call up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of George Tong with Goldman Sachs.
George Tong: I wanted to ask about your planned incremental strategic investments in GenAI products and platforming. Can you talk a little bit more about the timing of these investments as well as benefits you're expecting and the margin impact for 2024?
Rob Fauber: Yes, I might start by -- maybe I'll just give you a little more insight into kind of what's in those three main components, and then we'll talk about some of the timing and margin impact. As it relates to GenAI, we've got a generative intelligence team, we've stood up an MCO infrastructure, we've got some incremental engineering costs, we've got additional licenses. I mentioned, GitHub Copilot. We will get the benefit of that, but we had costs upfront. And of course, we have incremental cloud costs and token costs relating to large language models. On the product development side, really, it's about the build-out of our customer and supplier risk offerings for the corporate and public sector and that's data, workflow and go-to-market. And then on technology and platforming, as we talk about building out that MA platform, it's things like engineering around single sign-on and entitlement. So as I said, we can get those benefits faster. Let me turn that over to Caroline and see if you want to just help George around the timing of all of that.
Caroline Sullivan: So we anticipate, if you look at both MIS and MA, to deliver -- MIS has delivered an operating margin in 2023 of 54.5%, roughly in line with our target of 55%. And in 2024, we're expecting adjusted operating margin to increase by about 200 basis points. MA's margin is going to remain consistent with what we saw based on 2023. Without that $60 million that we talked about in Rob's comments related to the investments, MA margins would have been on track to increase and expand by 120 basis points.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan: Rob, I wanted to take a step back for a second, and not asking about '24 at all, just in general. Where do you think a normalized level of issuance is? How much upside is there from here to get back to a more normal growth environment, and maybe particularly with rates at maybe at a higher level than they have been in the last couple of years?
Rob Fauber: So maybe a couple of ways to kind of triangulate around this. I think as far back as 2022, you remember, we had that significant decline in issuance from the pandemic years. On the call, I talked about how total -- when we look at total global issuance, it was modestly below what was a, I'll call it kind of a 10 year average from, at the time it was, I think, 2012 to '22, excluding the two pandemic years. And I think total issuance in 2022 was something like 5% below that average. So it's not a big number. And remember, that was in the context of like a 30% decline in issuance that year. But we drilled down, and I think we made the point that corporate issuance was something like 15% below that long term average excluding the pandemic. And if you actually drilled even further and got into leverage finance, it's even farther. And as you know, corporate issuance, and in particular leveraged finance issuance, is quite favorable to our revenue mix. So it's interesting, Toni. Now as you as you kind of go forward and when you look at where 2023 ended relative to that average, it's roughly in line. Corporate issuance was closer to in line, I'd say, modestly below that long term. And with 2024, actually issuance will be slightly above that long term average, and that holds true for corporate issuance, where obviously, we have a little bit stronger growth expectations. So from that aspect, I think you might say, well, we're getting back to something that feels more like a normalized level of issuance. The caveat to that, I guess, this idea of debt velocity. So over that period of time, there's been an enormous amount of debt issued, right? So the stock of debt has grown significantly. And when we look at annual issuance as a percent of the total stock outstanding, that's what we think of debt velocity. That number still looks a good bit lower than the averages over, call it, the last decade, which would imply that there's still room for issuance growth. And the last thing I'd say is if you look at where structured finance is at the moment, that's significantly below kind of that 10 year average for reasons that we may get into later in the call. Hopefully, that gives you some insight.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Maybe I could just ask about 2024 in terms of the cadence of issuance you've assumed either the first half or the back half, and then maybe just some color on how we should think about your nontransaction piece of the MIS business, how that should grow, I guess, this year?
Rob Fauber: Manav, I think I might ask Mike to give us some color around how think about first half, second half, and then I might be able to put kind of a finer point on that.
Mike West: So first of all, I think we're expecting here issuance in the first half to be stronger than in the second half, and that's a common pattern if you actually look over previous years. Some of that is due to the constructive conditions that we're seeing at the moment with spreads tightening and sentiment improving. And these issuers are trying to lock in the rates that they want before any potential volatility. Some of it is actually seasonality that we see each year given that we do expect a slowdown in the second half through summer, and sometimes it tails off when we get into December. The other important factor when you think about issuance is that some of those more frequent issuers in investment grade in corporate and the banks tend to come earlier in the market to secure their funding and manage their balance sheets. Infrequent issuers, on the other hand, can be opportunistic and will wait for those opportunities and windows that they see fit. Consistent with the comments I've just made is what we've discussed with the market. And just picking up on Rob's comment, structured finance actually tends to be more balanced between the first half and the second half. So while we do expect first half to be busier, we do expect the activity will continue into the second market. So Rob, I don't know if you want to just put a finer point on that one.
Rob Fauber: And I know people want to have a good sense in forming their models. So last year, as Mike said, issuance was more front end loaded. We had a rising rate environment, something like, I don't know, call it, 56% of 2023 annual issuance was in the first half of the year. And while we do expect a rate decline in the second half year, as Mike said, we still think that issuance will be front end loaded. And our current assumption for issuance is pretty similar to the pattern that we saw in 2023. Now then we got to translate it to MIS revenue, and the impact there is a little bit less pronounced in terms of first half, second half. And I would say that we're expecting just a little over half, maybe low 50s percent of MIS revenue in the first half. And that's a little lower than the issuance mix. Why? Because banks are the ones that tend to issue and do more front end loading of their issuance, and there are different economics for frequent bank issuers. So hopefully, that gives you a sense. One of the things, Manav, I might say, just specifically for the first quarter, I'd say we expect probably close to 30% of annual issuance and probably closer to somewhere between 25% to 30% of MIS annual revenue.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy: So I wanted to ask about MIS margins. I think, Rob, you alluded to some investments, but maybe put a finer point around that, because I would have thought you would have better sort of margin flow through given the revenues that you're expecting. So is it all investments, is there some mix, and just give us a bit more color around those investments?
Caroline Sullivan: So just to follow on to what Mike and Rob just said about the phasing of our revenues, because of that, we are forecasting higher margins in the first half of the year versus the second half of the year. So that's what we will see for MIS. But overall, we're expecting adjusted operating margins to increase by 200 basis points.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets.
Ashish Sabadra: I just wanted to better understand how we should think about the ROI for the strategic investments. Obviously, the investments that you made in the prior year has accelerated the MA revenue growth. I was wondering, how should we think about the growth accretion from these investments? And maybe just a follow-up on that one is how should we think about the GenAI monetization in '24 but also midterm?
Rob Fauber: Maybe I'll start with that and then hand it to Steve. I'd say just in general, as you think about the return on these investments, I would say that we're investing in the highest growth parts of our business. So GenAI products, that's going to augment growth across our SaaS and hosted solutions. And Steve will touch on that in just a second. We're investing, as I talked about, in enhanced solutions for corporates and the public sector around customer and supplier risk. And I had a data point that we've had 14% CAGR in terms of sales growth over the last two years from those sectors. And we think we can even enhance that growth at scale as we invest in products specifically for those customer segments. And then lastly, platforming. We expect revenue growth from our SaaS and hosted solutions to grow something like low teens this year, that's in line with our medium-term targets. And the growth has been even higher in decision solutions, it's been more like high teens from SaaS and hosted solutions we're looking for this year. So yes, I think there's a pretty strong case for investment in these high growth parts of our business. But Steve?
Steve Talinko: Maybe just a couple other comments. We're doing what we do well, developing good, solid product development pipelines; creating new product life cycles to generate revenue growth and support customer value propositions; continuing to invest in the sales force. And then what we've said today is making even more an incremental investment in GenAI and especially in areas where we think we can land new blue chip customers, maybe outside of financial services. We have such a tremendous franchise with the financial services sector, we see great opportunities and have demonstrated great growth trends with some new customers in corporations that may be are nonfinancial in their orientation or public sector entities. I think you'll see lots of new products coming online this year, in the GenAI space in particular. Rob mentioned a couple that are coming down the pike in the next quarter or so, maybe second or third quarter. We are actively engaged throughout the product development and engineering teams to build more value propositions and leverage GenAI to support our customers and help them not just do their business faster and save some money, but be more effective and be more productive when they're doing it, actually make better decisions, develop better analyses. And the Research Assistant, which we've launched already, I would expect you'd start to see some contributions in the research and insights line toward the end of this year, because as the sales start to ramp up, our growth numbers will start to move as well. So we expect to see actual contributions in the numbers before we turn the page on 2024.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm: This is actually a direct follow-up to the prior question. Because Rob, I think a couple of quarters ago, I asked you about this GenAI being potentially part of your guidance already for this year in terms of revenue contribution. So it would be helpful to give a little bit more specificity in terms of both revenue and ARR. What are you actually budgeting in terms of contributions here for the year since you obviously raised some pretty high expectations? And maybe just related to that, I mean, you mentioned some early feedback. So just obviously very interested in your ability or signs of your ability to actually upsell people, and people not just coming back to you and saying, like, look, you're asking for more money all the time. Of course, you should enhance all products, but we're not going to be willing to pay up as much as you think you can. So a little fleshing out there would be helpful.
Rob Fauber: So I think we’ve learned a good bit over the last few months as we've been engaging with customers, as we've been signing customers, as we've been building the pipeline, and all of that is informing how we're thinking about our guidance. I think, Steve, why don't I hand it to you just to give some insight into what we've learned and how we think about that then flowing through the MA business.
Steve Talinko: So just a quick short answer to your question, Alex, is the research and insights line is where you'll see the biggest contribution coming from GenAI related products, because that's where we’ve got a product in market already. Sales cycle takes some time to develop. We are seeing some pretty interesting patterns, to Rob's point. It's interesting. Maybe investment managers and hedge funds that are smaller teams, a little bit more agile and able to make a decision right now are the ones that are buying this product literally right away. So our first sales that are coming in are coming in from these players where the boss is sitting at the table with the people who are the users, the boss maybe a user. And they're saying, wow, this is really going to make a difference. Let's just do it right now. Some are locking into multiyear agreements, by the way. So they're believers in this as a productivity enhancer for them. On the other side of the spectrum, where we have big customer relationships with large banks, we're engaging very differently. The character of the conversation is a lot more like what we've seen over the years in the software and workflow sales dynamics. So we're engaging very senior levels. They're talking about leveraging what we're doing as a transformational tool to change the way they do business. They see the opportunity to cut cost, maybe lower their cost of goods sold, maybe lower their increased productivity through platforming and using our capability as an element in their platforming efforts, like what we're doing in terms of leveraging GenAI throughout the organization. And we're seeing transformation projects where people are looking forward to working with us, evaluating us very, very intentionally. And we're engaging with scores of users to get a reading on can they really make a difference leveraging this tool or can we make a difference leveraging us in their organization. And we're seeing some really interesting conversations often at the C level. So this isn't your run of the mill add-on to the research service, which we've been doing for decades. This is a, gosh, this might really change the way I do investment research. This might really change the way I think about doing credit research at scale. And that's one of the reasons we're very excited about that dynamic. So the first couple of months have been interesting. Smaller, faster decisions are happening, and people are buying the product at a rate that's above our normal rate of sales patterns. The patterns are faster than normal. And at the top end, we're seeing really good engagement in a way that I say, I think, is going to be quite profound for us.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets.
Jeff Silber: I think earlier in the call, you gave a little color on cadence for first half versus second half in terms of revenues and margins for MIS. And I'm wondering if you could do the same thing for the MA division.
Rob Fauber: Caroline, do you want to take that?
Caroline Sullivan: So for MA, we see a slightly different picture to MIS with regards to both revenue and with regards to expenses. So if we start at the fourth quarter for MA, we recorded just under $800 million of MA revenue and we're expecting just above $800 million in Q1, and then steadily ramping up by $20 million to $25 million through quarter four. The MA margin will kind of follow a similar path. However, Q1 will be influenced just by some seasonality to our expenses associated with our annual compensation programs with our employees. So we'll see higher payroll taxes associated with the vesting of employee stock grants and bonus payments. But then the margin is expected to follow a similar pattern to revenue, steadily ramping from a couple of percentage points below our full year guide of 30% to 31% in the first quarter to a couple of points above it by the time we get to Q4.
Rob Fauber: And while we're on the topic of -- now that we've covered MIS and MA calendarization, maybe let me just add a little bit in terms of thinking about then kind of pulling this together and thinking about what it might mean for adjusted diluted EPS. So we've got a little bit front end loaded issuance pattern that we talked about, the cadence that Caroline just touched on. From an adjusted diluted EPS standpoint, we think that the first quarter will be our strongest quarter in terms of absolute adjusted diluted EPS, followed by the second quarter. And maybe the easiest way to think about it is this. If you take the average quarterly EPS at the midpoint of our full year guide, and I think that's somewhere between $2.60 and $2.70, then given the stronger front half issuance that we've talked about, we'd expect first quarter EPS to be something like $0.15 to $0.20 higher than that average for the first quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Mike or Rob, I'm curious, with the ongoing massive problems out there in the commercial real estate market out there, I'm curious what your thought is on the potential impact for your CMBS issuance for this year, ratings there? And also, more importantly, on your banking client potential impact this year on the commercial real estate market out there, what are you sort of expecting for issuance there as well? And just my quick housekeeping question, what was the incentive comp in the fourth quarter, please, and also for the full year last year?
Rob Fauber: We'll get Caroline teed up on that incentive comp question. I think, Craig, commercial real estate, actually, if you think about it kind of threads through a bunch of parts of our business, in terms of impact to the ratings business and it's not just the CRE sector but the banking sector, and then the tools needed by folks in the market and sales cycle. So let me start with Mike.
Mike West: So on the structured finance, just to try and put that into context. I mean, we are anticipating overall that structured finance will grow mid single digit. And when you look into that, there's different types of assets. And when we think about CMBS, let me just pick on CMBS first for your question. We believe that will still be muted given what's going on in the CRE market, particularly in office. It is a viable funding alternative to bank finance, particularly as borrowers face restrictive lending standards. But I do want to emphasize that when we look at our structured finance business we are expecting still a active market in ABS and CLOs. I'm very happy at some point on the call to talk a little bit more about CLOs. RMBS, on the other hand, again, muted because of the asset formation, which we expect to improve as the year goes on. But with that, I might just pass it to Steve about the MA side of CRE.
Steve Talinko: So I mean, I think we've been talking a lot in the firm and with our customers about the impact of, I'll call it, stress in the CRE sector, particularly in the office sector. And we all know many of the causes there. We've had really good interest from our banking customers especially. We launched -- you may remember at the Innovation Day back in September, we highlighted the CreditLens CRE module, which was really a credit decisioning tool, software application that combines all of our data and analytics capabilities in the commercial real estate space to help lenders do their jobs more effectively. And we've seen really good growth there in the banking segment, that was one of the big drivers of growth for us. So I would say that's exactly what you would expect. As people start to be more aware of risk, they start to call us a little bit more. And this is one of those dynamics in MA where risk goes up, people call us more often. Risk goes down, they start to think about taking more chances, so maybe looking for more alpha perhaps. So we get called there, too. So the CRE segment and the CRE, I'll call it, stress is something that we find an attractive dynamic for the business overall.
Rob Fauber: There's almost like a tipping point where when there's too much stress in the banking system, it can ultimately become a headwind for us. As Steve said, when there's the need for real insight and better understanding around credit, that's a positive. And I think what we saw in March of last year was just about going over that tipping point. Caroline, do you want to answer the second part of Craig's question?
Caroline Sullivan: Craig, with regards to incentive comp, for the fourth quarter, we recorded about $100 million. So that got us to about $400 million for all of fiscal 2023. And just with regards to 2024, we expect incentive comp to be between about $400 million to $420 million, so think about $100 million to $105 million per quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: So going back to your MIS revenue guidance, you guided to high single digit to low double digit percentage, which is higher than your peers and mid to high single digits. And I know you have limited information about your peers. But could you please try and talk about some of the potential drivers for the difference?
Rob Fauber: I think, Mike, why don't I hand that to you?
Mike West: I'll start at the macro level. And as Rob mentioned, overall, constructive outlook for 2024. And underpinning this is that, first of all, market uncertainty that we've experienced over the last couple of years starts to subside. And if you think that transmission is to a lower execution risk in the primary markets and also improved secondary trading that leaves more opportunity for issuance, and that's what we're seeing at the moment. We have an assumption around a rate decrease in the second quarter and that's unchanged despite some of the CPI print today. We've already seen that spreads have come in meaningfully, both in investment grade and sub-investment grade, which leaves the market open for the rating scale from investment grade down to the lower rated credits. And that's important as one of our expectations here is that leverage finance improves and recovers during the year from historical lows over the last couple of years. In here is also the 10% increase in the refinancing walls, we talked about that on the last call, and a modest recovery in M&A. That's still uncertain but there's certainly sizable dry powder and cash on the corporate balance sheet. There's also a backdrop here. Even though we've got moderating economic growth, we are assuming an avoidance of a deep recession and therefore, economic resiliency, and looking towards that growth in 2025 as people think about deploying long term capital. At the same time, as spread comes in, that is also a key assumption in our default study. And as we get over that peak default period during the year, as spreads come in, that is a more favorable environment for the lower end of spec grade. So that's underpinning a lot of our macro picture. But Rob, do you want to add anything?
Rob Fauber: And we can -- if people want to get into the asset level guidance, we're happy to do that in another question. I also -- I think it was Manav that asked a question about recurring revenue in MIS, and maybe let me just come back to that. That continues to be -- our view on that is it continues to be in that kind of low to mid-single digit range for revenue. This ties in part to first time mandates. Obviously, first time mandates are what build the stock of rated issuers that we surveil. So just a little insight there. We saw a pretty significant slowdown in first time mandates since, I'd say, third quarter of 2022. The fourth quarter, first time mandates were about in line with the fourth quarter of 2022. We are expecting that to start to pick back up. And that's not surprising given what you see as our expectations for high yield and leveraged loans. And so that will support a slight uptick, I think, in recurring revenue growth for MIS.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Wurtzel with Wolfe Research.
Scott Wurtzel: I just wanted to go back to the Research Assistant. I understand it's only been a couple of months since you launched the product, but wondering if you could maybe share some feedback since the launch and anything you've learned about the product in the last couple of months?
Rob Fauber: I would say we are happy about a couple of things. One, the product development process, the work we did in engineering and product development to get this thing out happened more quickly than maybe some of our previous product launches. So we're really excited about some of the changes we've made and we were able to get to market faster, that's partially because of the fact that we're leveraging GenAI tools and partially because we have some platform engineering elements that make us able to move a little bit more quickly. So that's one good note. In terms of take-up among customers, it's early days. Oftentimes, the initial stage of the sales cycles I would measure in months. But we have more units in the first six weeks than we've seen among virtually any other product we've launched in the past. So the people are making buying decisions quickly. Remember, we started with a December 1 commercial launch. So they're making decisions within six weeks. Oftentimes, you would look at a sales cycle being measured in months. So that's a really good sign. And again, I mentioned earlier that we're really encouraged by the engagement at the senior levels, CEOs. I literally know one of the largest banks in the United States. We were the topic of conversation at the CEO's table within the last few weeks where they literally were thinking and talking about this is one of the elements in their transformation program. COOs, senior levels of investment managers and banks and insurance companies, where I'm talking to people and our sales reps are talking to people at a different level than we've seen in the past. So I would say we're very encouraged by that. Those sales cycles, I think, will go faster than maybe they might have in previous product launches. But you still need to engage with people and their technology groups, their cyber groups, their compliance groups, to make sure when you're making this big of a decision that this transformational that you've got all your bases covered. So we're pretty encouraged by that. Hopefully, that's a good sense for color on the demand environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: I wanted to ask a little bit -- we talked a lot about GenAI, but I wanted to ask about general sales cycles. Like what are you seeing, are things -- cycles getting shorter, staying the same, getting longer? What do you see more on a sequential basis? And then I just want to touch back on the last question about incentive compensation, and ask if there's any change in the mix of the incentive compensation between the two units, just getting back to kind of the margin expansion in MIS?
Rob Fauber: So on the sales cycle -- in the spring last year, we got a lot of questions around are you seeing elongated sales cycles. And I think we gave a pretty good sense for what we were seeing. Sales cycles were lengthening maybe just a little bit, nothing material measured in a number of days perhaps, but we were also seeing higher price points in the proposal and richer value propositions composed in that proposal. So it was consistent with what we'd expect. I'd say that trend has actually extended through 2023. So we're running right around the same numbers we were in the spring. I looked at this closely the other day. So sales cycles are maybe slightly longer than they were maybe a few years ago, but only because we're seeing bigger price points and richer value proposition. So pretty happy about that. Let's see here, sales cycles, yes, that's probably a good way to finish that one, yes.
Caroline Sullivan: And then on the question on incentive comp, we're not seeing anything materially different between the segments compared to '24 versus '23.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber with Wells Fargo.
Seth Weber: I guess I just wanted to follow up on the MIS margin question again. I'm trying to just just balance some of the investments that you're making versus some of the investment spend that you're doing versus longer term technology benefits, cost saves there. Can you just remind us or update us on how we should be thinking about incremental margins for the MIS business going forward, if there's been any change to just the incremental margin framework for that business?
Rob Fauber: And maybe I'll also go back to fourth quarter MIS, because I think we've been getting some questions about that. And I think fourth quarter to me really illustrated the tremendous operating leverage that's in the business. If you look at -- to give you a sense of what we were seeing in the fourth quarter for MIS, and then I'll take it forward into 2024 and beyond. Revenues came in lighter than we had expected, expenses came in almost exactly online in terms of what we had budgeted. I think it was something like 1.5% expense growth over the prior year quarter. So essentially, the entire revenue miss dropped right down to adjusted operating income. And again, that's what we love about this business. And think about what was going on, this was in the last few weeks of the year, there's virtually nothing we can do in regards to the expense base at that point. The majority of our expense base in MIS is people. Also, we have obviously a constructive view on 2024 issuance. And you've heard us talk about in the past that we try to think about are things cyclical or structural, and we saw that as a brief air pocket in issuance. And so that then did -- again, that dropped right to adjusted operating income. It was not an expense issue. And then you see 200 basis points of margin expansion from that jumping off point at the end of the year. And I would say this and, Mike, feel free to add. So we've got our low 60s percent margin target. We still feel very comfortable about that. We believe that this 200 basis points is solidly on track for that. But we are investing back in that business. I talked a little bit about in my prepared remarks, in particular, we've been investing in resources in some of these areas like domestic debt markets, like digital finance and private credit, make sure we've got the resources. And then we've also been investing in the technology. It's so important for us to get the technology enablement of the analytical teams for a variety of reasons that I touched on the call. Mike, anything to add to that?
Mike West: Not really. But just on the technology element, it's about driving efficiencies in the future by investing today and having a very well controlled business. So that's the only point to add.
Rob Fauber: The bottom line is, as we get more technology enablement, we have surges in issuance, we'll be better able to handle that without having to to add people.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler with Baird.
Steven Pawlak: It's Steven Pawlak on for Jeff. I guess going off that last point, you talked about the GenAI tools that you're deploying internally. Can you describe some of the ones that have gone live, what efficiencies are being harnessed, where do you think you can get the most benefit towards the medium-term targets from those GenAI tools? And then is there like an enterprise wide committee handling decision to build or deploy or are some of these things being handled within individual departments?
Rob Fauber: Steve, you want to start?
Steve Talinko: So we're doing a lot of the innovation work and trying to accelerate the innovation work through a central team, a team that is really a pretty agile team. Sometimes it's bigger -- it gets bigger and smaller, depending on which project we're working on. That team is in MA where we're doing a lot of the experimentation and then developing value propositions that we can use externally and internally. I'll just give you a simple example. Summarizing a PDF, which is something that you would expect you could do with GenAI tools, you might be able to do that with some tools that are offered through external folks, not just through Moody's. But leveraging that so you can use it in an industrial strength way, make it a part of your compliance apparatus, make it a part of the way in which you build products, the way in which you do your job every day requires some engineering work as well. So we're summarizing maybe a 300 page document. We're developing summaries across multiple documents at once. We're incorporating a document that you're reading today into our other GenAI tools in order to generate inference across not just what you might get from the OpenAI models we're working with Microsoft on, but also through the content that you're introducing to your analysis right now and you're right here. So an experiment that could see being very helpful for the folks in MIS might be I am doing work on this particular industry, there's three or four documents I might be interested in reviewing and maybe I can incorporate them into understanding, reading them more quickly, taking in gathering data from that much more quickly. So the central team is there to create critical mass in terms of engineering and roll out tools in a compliant way in a way that's been tested from an industrial strength perspective and is consistent with all of the normal processes that we would want to adopt as a rating agency where it's appropriate.
Mike West: Just maybe a couple of points for MIS. I mean we're pretty excited about the potential of GenAI in the ratings business and internally with obviously leveraging the Moody's Copilot. But we also do envisage that using GenAI across the workflow and doing that to actually enhance our appliance as well as improving the overall efficiency in the business and seeing that GenAI that Steve just referenced as an enabler to human judgment in the ratings process. So again, exciting opportunities for MIS to navigate with this technology.
Rob Fauber: And the only thing I would add, and I've said this when this comes up, is that we're going to be deliberate and transparent in the rating agency in terms of how we leverage generative AI. We're in dialog with our regulators to make sure that they understand how we're going to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Balsky with Bank of America.
Heather Balsky: Just with regards to your midterm margins, you talked earlier about that you didn't -- that the path wasn't necessarily going to be linear to get there. But can you help us bridge kind of as we think out over the next couple of years how it could look, especially given some of these areas that you're investing in? And how comfortable are you kind of -- if the opportunity presents itself, would you spend more now for top line growth or I guess, just the commitment to those margins given what you're seeing in the environment?
Rob Fauber: So I think that's what you're seeing us do, right? And we've got to make -- the investment has got to come before the sales and ultimately, the revenue growth comes. And I feel like we have some ambitious medium term targets that mean that we're going to continue to accelerate revenue growth in the MA business. And so we're making the investments that we talked about today to be able to support GenAI product development and platforming, which we think are going to support that acceleration for the reasons we talked about. We continue to feel comfortable with those medium term targets, particularly the -- I mean you mentioned the margin. It's just that in this case, the investment is coming before the ARR growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Steinerman with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [indiscernible]. Could you just talk more about the 20% increase in D&A, is there any change of accounting assumptions or methods? And will D&A kind of stay in this general vicinity as a percentage of revenues?
Rob Fauber: Let me just -- I'll start with that and then I'll turn it over to Caroline. I think, in general, what you're seeing with D&A represents the -- we've been talking about the investments that we've been making in our SaaS products, you've seen some increased capital expenditures over the last few years, that's now starting to come through in the form of capitalized software. And I also talked about the higher growth rates that we are seeing with those SaaS products. And I think that's -- you want to be able to look at those two things together. Across all of MA, we're expecting our hosted and SaaS solutions to be growing in kind of the, call it, low double digits to parts of the MA portfolio like decision solutions, we expect to be growing more like high teens. And that's where that investment in software development is going. Caroline, do you want to talk a little bit about it from an accounting perspective?
Caroline Sullivan: So certain development costs linked to the SaaS based solutions are capitalized and then they're depreciated over the useful life of those underlying assets. And that's usually around four to five years and that's all in accordance with US GAAP.
Unidentified Analyst: And should it stay in this vicinity, DA, as a percentage of revenues going forward?
Rob Fauber: I think if you look at it as a percent of revenues, I mean, obviously, we're bumping up the CapEx here a little bit. But I think as we get the increase in revenue growth and corresponding increase in capitalization it should stay relatively in line from a percent -- I think a percent of revenue basis.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: My follow-up here, for 2024, can you just talk a little bit further about your outlook specifically for investment grade, high yield, maybe bank loans and financial institutions in terms of the debt issuance outlook for this year that's embedded in your overall company outlook? And then also, can you maybe just throw in there, what is your cost ramp assumption over each of the four quarters for the rest of the year?
Mike West: Craig, I'll take the first part of your question before handing off. If I go by segment, the investment grade issuance growing at 5%, that comes off a 20% growth last year. Underpinning this, steady uptick with regard to upcoming maturities. M&A is supporting in certain key sectors but I would see that as a variable to the upside. As I mentioned earlier, the spreads at the moment are creating favorable conditions at the higher end of the rating scale and down into the Baa. So that's really on investment grade. For corporates, high yield, again, back to this market uncertainty that's subsiding, spreads have come in materially over the last 12 months. There's been some delayed refinancing that's now coming due. And these tend to be higher quality, spec-grade issuers that will get that opportunity to come into the market should those spreads remain favorable. And again, still coming off a low base, as Rob highlighted earlier. Leverage loan driven primarily by refinancing, including the amend and extends. There is also a refinancing in the public market of certain deals that got done in the private market, which is nice to see. And again, these tend to be more sensitive at the lower end. So our spreads again coming at lower end that market access to those around the single Bs is there. So again, 20% for the leverage loan. FIG, on the other hand, as we mentioned, a heavy proportion of FIG is frequent issuers. We've kept that relatively flat. There are some different variables there. There's some different central bank support facilities that will start to shrink in '24, therefore, leading banks to come to the capital markets. And that will also be a focus on their buffers and broader capital needs, but stable year-over-year. PPIF, mid single digit, largely made up of infrastructure financing and access by some of the larger US PFG issuers. When we think about the transition of monetary policy and the tightening that has occurred that we will probably see an increase in infrastructure projects that are really long dated as they want to lock into some lower rates going forward. And I touched on structured finance earlier at the mid single digit percentage. And you've got to look inside structured finance to look at the different asset classes, but really ABS leading in that particular area. So hopefully, that helps.
Operator: I'll now turn the call back to Rob for any closing remarks.
Rob Fauber: Okay. One public service announcement for those of you in Europe. We're looking forward to seeing you at our London event and our offices on February 29th. I know that Steve and Shivani and some of our other senior leaders from Moody's Analytics will be there to provide a spotlight on our MA business like we did in New York in September of last year. So with that, I'm going to bring the call to a close. Thanks, everybody, for joining and we'll talk to you next quarter. Bye.
Operator: This concludes Moody's Corporation fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the Investor Resources section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay will be made available after the call on the Moody's IR Web site. Thank you.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-25 11:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Moody's Corporation Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shivani Kak: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I'm Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the third quarter of 2023 as well as our revised outlook for select metrics for full year 2023. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com.  During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures referenced during this call in U.S. GAAP.  I call your attention to the safe harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion & Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the SEC's website. These, together with the safe harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements.  I'd also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode.  Rob Fauber, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide an overview of our results, key business highlights and outlook. After which, he'll be joined by Caroline Sullivan, Moody's interim Chief Financial Officer, to answer your questions. I will now turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Fauber: Thanks, Shivani. Good morning, and thanks to everybody for joining today's call. I'm excited to share our strong financial results as well as some key business highlights. And that's going to include some notable innovations and investments, progress on our GenAI strategy and a spotlight on our fastest-growing business in MA, that is our Know Your Customer business, or KYC as we commonly refer to it.  And before I get started, I just want to say how proud I am that Moody's has again finished #1 in the Chartis RiskTech100. That is the most comprehensive global ranking of risk and compliance technology providers. And it is a great recognition of the breadth and depth of our solutions based on both market research and customer feedback.  I also want to take a moment to recognize the incredible resilience and dedication of our people. And I've really appreciated how our people have come together recently to support each other and to continue to deliver for our customers.  So as you all will have seen from this morning's earnings release, we reported 15% overall revenue growth with strong top line performance and improved adjusted operating margins from each of our businesses. And that contributed to a 31% increase in adjusted diluted EPS in the third quarter.  MA revenue grew 13% while achieving its fourth consecutive quarter of 10% ARR growth. And MA's growth continues to be led by our KYC business. We now have over $300 million of annualized recurring revenue, or ARR. And that's growing at 18%. MA also produced an adjusted operating margin of 33.6%.  Now MIS grew 18% in the quarter as the leveraged finance issuance markets continued to improve from last year's subdued levels, I would call it. And MIS revenue is now expected to grow in the mid- to high single-digit percentage range for the full year. And that acknowledges the current uncertainties in the capital markets.  Last week, we published our annual refinancing wall study. And that showed a 21% increase in the total U.S. nonfinancial corporate debt coming due over the next 5 years. And as I've mentioned on prior calls, these refi walls are a very important component of our long-term growth algorithm. And that remains firmly intact.  And as those of you who attended our Innovation Open House last month would have heard, we're moving quickly to integrate our broad data and analytic capabilities across our product suite and to leverage the power of GenAI to develop new and cutting-edge solutions to empower both our customers and our employees.  And the pace of innovation is clearly accelerating across our businesses. We're investing, we're launching new products, entering into strategic partnerships, all that will enable us to continue delivering market-leading growth. And if you look just at the third quarter, we announced some really interesting things. And I want to take you through a few of those. And I'm going to start with ratings.  We've talked about on prior calls about how deepening our participation in developing capital markets, and in particular, domestic issuance markets, is important to that long-term growth algorithm that I just mentioned. And that includes Latin America, where Moody's Local has grown its customer count by more than 20% this year.  And the Asia-Pacific region also has some exciting opportunities, which is why in September, we further extended our domestic ratings business with the opening of VIS Rating in Vietnam. And that is a small but fast-growing domestic bond market.  I also talked about how the relevance and importance of our voice in the markets is a really critical part of what makes MIS the agency of choice for both issuers and investors. And last month, we published really a groundbreaking cross-industry report on cyber risk and practices. And it leveraged our relationship with BitSight.  And we had nearly 2,000 companies that provided data and inputs. And we were able to highlight the more than $20 trillion of rated debt that is at high risk from cyber threats. And that is, I think, a really great example of the importance of a multidimensional view of risk, in this case, understanding how cyber risks are impacting credit risks.  Now moving to MA. We're launching our first GenAI-enabled product. We call it Research Assistant. And we've already previewed it with over 150 customers. Our strategy is to commercialize the launch as we head into the year-end renewal cycle.  And initially, our thinking is that Research Assistant will be sold as an add-on to our flagship product, which is CreditView. And leveraging the power of an LLM with Moody's trusted proprietary content allows customers to generate rich credit insights in just seconds and with capabilities in multiple languages.  We also expanded our coverage in CreditView to now include 12,000 new unrated names. And that allows us to better serve the private credit market. And customers who purchase that module are going to have a seamless, integrated experience that includes financials, ownership structures, credit scores, sector research, interactive scorecards and peer analysis. And I think that is a great example of content integration to serve new customers and new use cases.  We're also constantly investing in our data estate that includes Orbis, which is one of the world's largest databases on companies. And we've expanded again our partnership with BitSight by integrating their cyber data and scores for about 250,000 entities into Orbis. And that enables our customers to better understand cyber risk.  We also have several exciting product launches across Decision Solutions. So in banking, we launched a new module in CreditLens that will integrate a bank's own loan-level data with Moody's content. And this portfolio module really provides a dynamic view of a bank's loan portfolio by monitoring and measuring performance and providing early warning signals.  We're also integrating RMS's physical and transition risk models with our proprietary ESG and climate data into a range of banking solutions. And that is empowering our customers to make better, more informed decisions around lending, portfolio management, stress testing and regulatory reporting. And these are some of the original synergies that we envisioned with the RMS acquisition. So it's great to see this in practice.  And speaking of RMS, I was in Europe last month at a major insurance industry gathering with a bunch of CEOs and Chief Risk Officers. And I again came away very excited about what we're doing with the industry. Together with BitSight, we recently launched the Moody's RMS Cyber Industry Steering Group with two major market players, Munich Re and Gallagher. And we're also partnering with Lloyd's of London to develop a carbon emissions accounting platform for their ecosystem.  Now in addition to these recent product launches and initiatives, we're continuing to leverage GenAI across our organization. And as you heard at our Innovation Open House last month, our colleagues are taking a really active and hands-on approach in innovating and driving change. In fact, over 70% of our people have used our in-house CoPilot tool.  And that includes for things like coding, preparing a report or improving an internal process. And this adoption is also reinforcing our early-mover advantage as we're now benefiting from an internal feedback loop. And that's allowing us to share learnings from our own GenAI journey with our customers.  And speaking of customers, we've been engaging extensively with customers around our GenAI strategy, including the relevance of our curated and proprietary data and research and our approach to data integrity and security. And in particular, since July, we've demoed our Research Assistant, as I said, with a number of our customers. And nearly every one of these customers believes that this product will have meaningful benefits for both their productivity and their insight.  We're also revving up the work that we've been doing as part of our partnership with Microsoft and leveraging their secure Azure OpenAI Service. We're building new functionality and content sets and entitlement capabilities into Research Assistant. We're also continuing to expand the ways that we leverage Microsoft Teams to collaborate internally. And I think importantly, we're seeking to expand our joint go-to-market opportunities, broadening the appeal of this partnership to new customers and market segments.  And that includes creating Teams plug-ins that will be available to Microsoft's 300 million monthly users and infusing Moody's content into their Dynamics and Power Platforms to enable CRM and workflow integrations. We're also continuing to explore migrating our content sets to Microsoft Fabric to enable entitlement and delivery of content and insights to our shared customers. So really taken together, I'd say we're very energized by the progress we've made. And we're excited about the opportunities that lie ahead.  In addition to Microsoft, we're working closely with other leading cloud and software players, leveraging our respective strengths to deliver new and innovative GenAI solutions. And partnerships can take many forms. It can include joint product development, joint go-to-market activities or direct commercial opportunities. And to help maximize this opportunity, we've developed a strategy and a framework and a team for third-party partnerships.  I think a good example of this is the work we announced earlier this week with Google. And through this partnership, Moody's and Google Cloud are going to explore creating LLMs and AI applications specifically to help financial professionals perform faster and deeper analysis of financial reports and disclosures and other materials. So we're certainly excited to be at the cutting edge of GenAI innovation with some leading partners.  In recent quarters, we've been spotlighting one of the three cloud-based SaaS businesses within Decision Solutions. And so I want to cap off that series, if you will, with KYC. And unlike banking and insurance, which are obviously industry-specific, KYC is relevant to all of our customer base. And as I said before, a really important objective for many of our customers is to have a better understanding of who they are doing business with, whether it's making a loan, underwriting an insurance policy, onboarding a customer or monitoring a supplier.  And over the years, we have tried to be very thoughtful about how we have added to our capabilities to build a business that, as I said earlier, is generating over $300 million in ARR and growing at 18%. And two significant acquisitions that some of you ask about from time-to-time, and that's BvD and RDC, really foundational elements of our KYC solutions. And they have both outperformed their original acquisition targets.  And there are several thematic drivers behind the growth of the KYC business. Specifically, I would call out the digitization and automation of what are very manual and expensive in-house compliance processes; the growth in online transactions and payments; and also the need for greater breadth and precision amidst new and increasing regulations; and all of this combines with the need for better analytics and insights, again not just about customers but more broadly, who companies are doing business with.  So by combining our proprietary data on companies and people with analytics and through a modern cloud-based SaaS platform, we're delivering solutions for our customers in some pretty compelling ways. And these solutions use traditional AI, you've heard us talk about that on this call before, that includes machine learning, natural language processing and integrating data on over 470 million public and private companies with more than 1.7 billion ownership links, profiles on over 20 million politically exposed people and sanctions in adverse media. And recently, based on customer feedback, we've also added an ESG scores and credit scores.  So we offer access to our KYC tools and content in several different ways. And that includes via data feeds or APIs into customers' in-house systems. It also includes full end-to-end workflow with proprietary and third-party data that supports customer acquisition and onboarding, screening, monitoring and third-party risk management processes.  And the front-end workflow software is what we acquired when we bought PassFort Pack in 2021. So that moved us from being just a data provider to being a full-service provider in this space. And that combination is increasingly being recognized across the industry, including the recent Chartis awards, as the only vendor that's identified as a market leader for both data and workflow.  We're also seeing significant growth outside of the financial sector. And we are investing to enhance the relevance of our offerings in the corporate and government space. That includes our recent launch of something called Sanctions360. That enables customers to efficiently and effectively comply with regulatory requirements regarding their customers, counterparties and suppliers by better understanding the implications of both sanctions and sanctions by extension.  And our ability to build solutions that reach a broad set of customers is really a key element of our land-and-expand strategy. In fact, approximately 25% of MA's overall new customer ARR growth in the last year came from KYC. And generating these new relationships then provides additional opportunities for us to cross-sell from other parts of MA.  Likewise, our existing customer base also provides some very significant runway for future growth. Currently, only about 20% or about 3,000 of MA's customers buy one of our KYC solutions. And that represents an important cross-sell opportunity for our remaining 13,000-or-so customers.  Now turning to MIS. In the third quarter, issuance was consistent with normal seasonal patterns. I'd say that activity was relatively subdued in July and August. And we certainly saw some stronger volumes in September. Growth was driven by leveraged finance on the back of what was the strongest leverage loan volume since the first quarter of 2022.  And that, coupled with elevated activity from infrequent banking issuers and an improvement in project and public finance issuance versus the prior year, all of that contributed to a favorable mix. As a result, while global issuance was up about 12%, MIS transactional revenue was up 31% versus last year. And together with 5% recurring revenue growth, MIS revenue grew 18% for the quarter.  And as we head into the fourth quarter, I'd say the general market sentiment remains a bit fragile. We've updated our guidance to reflect an expectation of modestly lower issuance volumes in the fourth quarter, particularly in investment-grade and structured finance, than we had been anticipating back in July.  And the heightened geopolitical turmoil, combined with macroeconomic concerns around a higher-for-longer interest rate environment, will continue to drive some volatility and uncertainty around yields and spreads. And these conditions are likely to be particularly impactful on opportunistic investment-grade issuers. And that's a reason that we're lowering the outlook for investment-grade issuance to approximately 25% growth for the full year 2023.  We also continue to see the knock-on impacts of lower asset generation on the structured finance sector. And so we're updating our outlook to decline by around 25% compared to the prior year. So these two forecast updates result in an overall revision to our expectation for issuance for the year. And we now expect issuance growth to be in the low to mid-single-digit range in 2023 and MIS to grow in the mid- to high single-digit range.  So while there are some headwinds to accelerating issuance growth in the near term, refunding walls continue to grow. And they are a key factor supporting medium-term issuance growth. And our annual study on refinancing, which we, as I mentioned, just recently published, captures nonfinancial corporate maturities in both the U.S. and EMEA. And we look at the next 4 years as an aggregate figure, and with approximately $4.4 trillion coming due in the next 4 years, that's up by about 10% versus last year's study. And you can see that, I believe, in the appendix in our supplemental materials.  I also want to spotlight the U.S. in particular. Obviously, this is the largest of all the global bond markets. And looking out over 5 years, and that's the length of the U.S. study, the aggregate forward maturity wall grew by about 21% compared to the study -- last year's study. And the main contributor to this is leveraged finance, which grew approximately 27%. So that's certainly going to be helpful to future mix over the coming years.  So forward maturities continue to provide support for future issuance and continue to be an important part of the MIS long-term growth algorithm. And I would also say that overall corporate debt velocity, which is total corporate issuance as a percent of total corporate debt outstanding, remains pretty far below historical averages. So that implies the potential for pent-up issuance demand in the future.  So on that note, I'm going to pause here. I'm happy to open the call for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Heather Balsky with Bank of America.
Heather Balsky: I was hoping you could talk about the refinancing wall that you've just addressed and how you're seeing your customers manage through the higher-for-longer rate environment. Are they delaying refinancing right now? Is more getting pushed into 2024? And when you look at those potential customers who may refi, any concerns about some of that debt not getting refi-ed that maybe those companies could be under some stress?
Rob Fauber: Heather, yes, I'd say that, first of all, just in terms of how our customers are thinking about financing and tapping the market, and you've probably heard me say this in the past, volatility is really the biggest challenge, I think, for a CFO or a Treasurer. At the end of September, we saw a little bit of that with the jobs print and questions about rates and how much higher for how much longer. Certainly, geopolitical events can also erode confidence.  I don't think we are in a risk-off mode at the moment. I would say there is some caution. But I don't think we are in a risk-off mode. And in fact, where we see the most leveraged issuers, which is bank loans, is where we're actually seeing some issuance at the moment. So that's -- I think that's good.  When I think about the maturity walls, Heather, it's interesting. Overall, they're up about 10% between the U.S. and Europe. If I zero in on investment-grade maturities, they're up about 12%. And one interesting thing here, Heather -- and by the way, the U.S. study is 5 years and the Europe is 4, so I don't mean to confuse everybody.  But when I look at the U.S. study, and we'll share these reports with folks if they're interested after the call, the share of U.S. investment-grade maturities within the first 3 years of that 5-year study has increased. So it's up to the low 60s percent from the kind of high 50s this time last year. And I think what that means and the reason for that is that companies have, in some cases, opted for shorter financing tenors.  And also, I think higher rates have dissuaded some refinancing, so -- and it's interesting to look at what's going with average tenors. As far as the last part of your question, do I think that some issuers may opt not to refinance? I think for many folks, that will be difficult to do. So there may be select companies that have the cash to be able to do that. But I don't think that will be a widespread trend.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy: Rob, I wanted to stick with issuance and ask you, you said that current trends are well below sort of normal levels. And I'm curious if you've evolved your view in terms of what normal issuance might look like in the current higher-for-longer rate environment.
Rob Fauber: Yes. As I said, a couple of things that lead us to believe that there is some, I'd say, pent-up demand. I mentioned this concept of corporate debt velocity. That's just the amount of issuance over -- the amount of corporate issuance over the amount of corporate debt outstanding. And that's really at a decade-plus low and continues to be this year. So that leads us to believe that there is further opportunity for issuance. I talked about the refinancing walls. And over the medium term, they look promising.  The other thing I think that tends to be a catalyst for issuance is M&A. And it's been a pretty spotty year for M&A. And it's about what we had expected. But private equity firms have a tremendous amount of dry powder. Somewhere, I think the other day, I saw they have $2 trillion to invest. I think M&A is probably not a Q4 story at this point. I think that's something that we're going to look into 2024 to see if that can be a catalyst for issuance. So I do think there are some things that at some point can change the trajectory of issuance.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alexander Kramm: Just staying on the ratings side for a minute, can you talk about how your commercial interactions have changed at all with issuers in this? Again, everybody is using a higher-for-longer environment here. I guess, what are you doing to drive, I guess, new issuers? And I'm asking from the perspective also -- and this is very anecdotal.  But I've heard in Europe, for example, there are some companies that are, actually given the higher interest rate environment that they haven't seen in many decades, are considering ratings for the first time. So again, maybe anecdotal but just wondering what you're seeing to, I guess, feed to -- continue to feed the business outside of the, I guess, macro environment.
Rob Fauber: Yes, Alex, I would say two things. So we have really active engagement with issuers on both sides of the ratings business. One, as you'd expect, very active engagement with the analysts, especially around -- especially in periods like this, where there's some economic uncertainty and lots of questions from investors, lots of engagement with our analysts.  And that's why having very experienced analysts is so important so that we can communicate effectively with our issuers, understand their credit stories and be able to communicate those to the investors. And that's a big part of value proposition.  But second, Alex, I might also point to we've tried to broaden out the product suite over the years in MIS so that we can engage with not just issuers in the public markets but folks who may be thinking about coming to market. So a number of years ago, in fact, back when I was in MIS, we developed something called a Private Monitored Rating.  And that was a great tool to be able to develop an analytical relationship on a private basis with a company who wanted to develop that relationship and understand what their credit profile looks like and also give them the opportunity then to flip that into a public rating if they decide they want to tap the markets when there's a window.  So that's -- we have a commercial team that's probably between 150 and 200 people around the world, very engaged with not only our existing issuers but also with companies who may be thinking about getting a rating either public or private. So pretty active engagement.
Alexander Kramm: But not seeing a change there, given the higher rate environment, that was really my question.
Rob Fauber: No. I mean, Alex, in fairness, I think the first-time mandates, when you look at that, that's obviously come down from the highs of 2020 and '21. And that's, I'd say -- we often say it's pretty closely aligned to the leveraged finance markets. But we're still looking at something in the range of 500 FTMs for the year. And as I said, lots of engagement. In fact, that number started to tick up this last quarter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andrew Nicholas with William Blair.
Andrew Nicholas: I wanted to ask a little bit more on the monetization plans for Research Assistant. I think you mentioned it would be an add-on cost. Is there any additional color you can give there in terms of maybe the magnitude or the potential opportunity?  And then maybe relatedly, of the 150-plus customers who previewed the tool, is the expectation that the vast majority of them would opt in? Or what kind of success rate do you have within the customer base that did have access to the tool already?
Rob Fauber: Yes. These are all great questions. And I want to give you answers to all of them, but I'm probably going to be able to give you better answers in the next quarter. So I guess, the way we are thinking about it is again we're trying to preview this with our customers so that we can get feedback so that they can iterate the product, so we can think about how we want to price and package that.  I expect that many of our users will get some basic level of functionality. And other users will opt in for full functionality. And as I said, we envision that as being an add-on. We're getting ready to go into our annual renewal cycle. So we'll have a very good sense on the next quarter call. We'll be able to give you some update on what that take-up looks like. And then you're going to see that then in our -- in how we talk about our digital insights business for -- prospects for that business for full year 2024.  Over -- I'd say, part of the vision here is we also want to be able to expose those customers to different content sets than they might have access to today. So imagine that the initial customer is one of our CreditView customers. They're already a customer, and they decided they want to opt in to the full Research Assistant functionality. But they may not be a customer of other content sets, so let's say, some of our climate and physical risk content.  We will be working over the course of the next year, and we're already working on this and we'll be working on this, to be able to provide access to customers for content sets that they find valuable to effectively kind of comingle, right? So when I ask for a question about credit and I want to understand the impact of extreme weather events on the credit profile of the company, we'll be able to return that answer.  So that's why you heard me also mention the importance of entitlements. That's going to be very important for us to get that sorted out across the platform so that we can entitle customers to new content sets and ultimately monetize all that. So again, I know -- on the next earnings call, I'll be able to give you a little bit more insight into the traction that we've gotten with our customers.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan: Just given that we're in late October now, and this is usually the call where you give some color on how you're thinking about '24 issuance, Rob, maybe just give us your initial thoughts on sort of what you're seeing and how you're thinking about '24 just shaping up?
Rob Fauber: Thanks, Toni. Yes, happy to do that. And I'll give you some -- I'll talk a little bit about what's on our minds. And obviously, on the next call, we'll take you through the guidance for 2024. But first, I guess, I would say we expect some further economic deceleration in the U.S., Europe and China. But I think probably a reasonable probability that we achieve kind of that mythical soft landing and avoid a recession.  Inflation has moderated. There's still some uncertainty over rates. I think generally, the market is concluding that we are about at peak rates. Obviously, there's some headline risk though around inflation prints and job reports. Again, you kind of see what happened at the end of September. And that's important in terms of the market getting comfortable that we are, in fact, at the kind of the end of the tightening cycle.  I would say that we expect default rates to pick up in 2024 but really only modestly above long-term averages. And if that's the case, spreads should be relatively well behaved because they're pretty tightly correlated to default rates. I mean, you heard what I said about M&A. I think that's really more of a 2024 story.  We'll have a better sense for that as we round into the beginning of the year. And we've got some pretty sound structural support from the things that I talked about. So we'll get into more of that on the next earnings call. But hopefully, that gives you a sense of some of the things that are factoring into how we're thinking about 2024.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Scott Wurtzel with Wolfe Research.
Scott Wurtzel: Maybe moving back to the MA segment. The results in R&I and D&I stood out to us and were pretty encouraging. So I was wondering if you can maybe go over any of the specific products, verticals or solutions that were driving some of the strength that we saw there.
Rob Fauber: Thanks, Scott. Good to have you on the call. So yes, we continue to see some pretty strong both demand and also utilization. That's important, right? We've talked about the utilization of our products is very important to the overall kind of value capture but around our economic data and our research and our models. I mentioned that we have just recently expanded our coverage within CreditView. And that is integrating the content from Orbis, that company database, and also our credit score.  So we -- a while back, we started to provide credit scores and effectively every company that is in that giant database. And we have been integrating that into a variety of our different solutions. And we've gotten some very nice take-up from that. I would also say that, again in times where you've got economic uncertainty, there continues to be a good bit of demand for economic data and content and ability to kind of forecast and plan. And we have continued to see that.  We've also seen some interest coming in from some of the government sector. So the growth there has been maybe even a little bit higher than from some of our other segments. So all in all, a number of things that are contributing to -- allowing us to keep powering along in terms of growth in that segment. And going forward, we've got the coverage expansion in Research Assistant that I think will provide future runway for growth.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Rob, what's your updated thoughts on the private credit market out there? And how significant do you think it could be for your ratings business here? And is there an area here where this could potentially be a headwind to ratings growth if it's not picked up, the stuff there is not rated? I do have a housekeeping question, if I could throw that in there. What's your incentive comp for the first 3 quarters, please?
Rob Fauber: Yes. So I'm going to let Caroline get to that in just a second. But let me take the private credit question first. And Craig, we've talked about this a bit on the calls before. And there are places where you could see this as a headwind, where companies decide that they're going to tap the private credit market rather than the public markets. We have seen more and more cases where companies have done that. And they've actually come into the private -- into the public markets. That makes sense. Because in general, the public markets tend to be cheaper than the private markets.  So I actually -- when this kind of first came up, and I'd say maybe it might have been a year ago when we first started talking about this in these calls, I've gotten, I'd say, more and more positive on the opportunity for Moody's. And while acknowledging what I just mentioned, there's just a lot of opportunity for us to serve this market. There's a lot of opacity in this market. When you're in times of increasing credit stress, the investors in those markets want to have a better understanding of what the credit risk is of the investments that they're holding.  And so we've had some really good discussions both with alternative asset providers, so the private credit lenders, as well as investors in their funds. And so we're seeing demand for some form of credit assessment coming from both of those constituents. And I spent a good bit of time actually engaging with the private equity firms and alternative asset managers. And there are just a number of ways that we already work with these firms. They have pretty extensive relationships across the firm. But there are more and more ways that we're continuing to support them.  So in general, Craig, I actually see this as a net positive for us. It has meant that we have had to think about our product offerings. I mentioned the coverage expansion in CreditView. And importantly -- one important reason we did that is to make it more relevant to that market. We've thought about some of our rating products and assessment tools. So it has led us to think about the product suite and make sure that we're evolving the product suite to meet the needs of what is obviously a growing market.
Caroline Sullivan: So Craig, with regards to incentive comp, our accruals align with our actual and projected financial and operating performance. And we expect incentive comp to be between $370 million and $390 million for the year with approximately $90 million for the fourth quarter. For Q1, it was $89 million. For Q2, it was approximately $100 million. And for Q3, it was approximately $100 million.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: So going back to MA, I think the margin was pretty strong at 33.6%. And I know you maintained the margin guidance for MA. But going forward, given that you have been investing into GenAI, how should we think about the sustainability of your margin?
Rob Fauber: Owen, great question. And just on the margin, maybe I -- just one thing I'll say is I'm not sure I'd get too wound up about a margin in any given quarter. And you've heard us talk about some seasonality in both expenses and the way that revenues can come in. Obviously, it was a good quarter for us. I think I would say that we have really tried to be disciplined across the business and to think about how we are reprioritizing across the business to make sure that we are putting resources against the highest and best opportunities.  And obviously, we have made some investments to date in GenAI. In fact, I was just with our team that is providing our LLM as a Service across the company, it's probably 25 people. Some of those are from different parts of Moody's and some of those are new to Moody's. I guess, what I would say, Owen, is looking forward, I mean, you've heard me talk about we want to lean into growth and invest in growth.  And one reason that's so important is, in some of these markets, you have literally new customers coming into the market adopting solutions. So we talk about KYC and how that's broadening beyond just meeting regulatory requirements into wanting to understand who you're doing business with, what your supplier risk looks like. That means you have new customers coming into the market. And you've seen our retention rates, pretty similar. Many other players in the market who provide services like this have very robust retention rates. That means those customers are sticky.  So once you get that customer, it's hard to dislodge that customer. So while we have a lot of market growth, we want to make sure we invest in the products and the sales distribution to make sure that we get those customer relationships. And then over time, as we continue to build more and more scale, we will have the opportunity to grow the margin. Next year, I guess, the other thing I would say with just GenAI investment, it's early days, right? I mean, yes, I've got a team here I mentioned, but we haven't started putting customers on the products yet.  And so that means that we're going to have growth in our expenses around compute capacity and other things. I imagine we'll continue to be building out kind of our capabilities across the firm next year. But we'll also balance that with making some hard calls and being very disciplined in where we invest across the entire business. So hopefully, that gives you a little feel, Owen.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Seth Weber with Wells Fargo.
Seth Weber: I wanted to actually follow up on that question. The -- I was intrigued by the KYC discussion in your remarks. I think you said 20% of MA customers buy KYC today. I was just wondering, can you just talk to what that trend line has looked like and where you think that could go from like a wallet share perspective? And I think you may have touched on this a little bit. But are these customers that are not using your -- are these new wins? Are they customers that aren't using anything today? Or are they conquests? Or just how we should think about that opportunity?
Rob Fauber: Yes, it's a great question. And this is probably something we're going to be talking with you more about next quarter, would be my guess. But again, if you think about what has gone on historically, that customer base, it really started really in financial institutions and mostly in banks. And then it started to evolve as all corporates had to start complying with different sanctions regimes around the world. But also, as corporates said, hey, we want to start -- this trend I talked about around better understanding who you're doing business with has driven a need from our customers to really get foundational master data and then build a set of -- leverage analytics on top of that to help them think about things like sales and marketing optimization, extending trade credit, onboarding and monitoring customers and thinking about supplier risk. Those are -- that's a set of activities that almost every one of our companies, our customers is doing. And so we're having conversations with more and more and more of our customers around, "Well, how do you think about the master data and linking then the data and the analytics that you have at your firm and that we can layer on top of that to help you get a better, more holistic view of who you're doing business with and to power those different use cases?"  And so that gives us some confidence that we're really going to be able to grow in the corporate and government sector even faster than what we've done. It's a small -- you can see the customer split. But we think we have an opportunity to really get some growth there. And I think you'll hear us talk more about that in the next quarter when we start to talk about what our product pipeline looks like for 2024.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Tong with Goldman Sachs.
George Tong: On Slide 10, you trimmed your issuance guidance from mid-single-digit growth to low to mid-single-digit growth. And the cuts are centered around investment grade, leveraged loans and structured finance. How much of your updated issuance outlook is locked because of refinancing needs versus discretionary in nature and more influenced by macro considerations? And then related to that, does the refinancing pipeline, particularly in high yield, what does that tell you how quickly that issuance can expand for next year?
Rob Fauber: George, I'd tell you what, I'm going to try to give you some insight. You're asking about fourth quarter, right, the assumptions going into the fourth quarter. And you talked a little bit about refinancing and how much does that give us confidence, how much is "kind of in the bag." But let me give you some insight, and I think it's going to be helpful for everybody on the call, into how we are thinking about fourth quarter from both an issuance and revenue standpoint.  And I'm going to talk a little bit -- I'm going to talk -- focus more on really sequential growth in issuance and revenues than maybe perhaps I normally do. Because I think in some ways, at the moment, it's a little easier to triangulate back to the environment that we'd just experienced in the third quarter versus was a very different environment a year ago.  So overall, we're assuming low to mid-single-digit decline in total sequential issuance growth for the fourth quarter versus the third quarter of '23. And that translates into high-teens growth on a year-over-year basis now for Q4, looking back to Q4 '22. And then that gets us to our low to mid-single-digit issuance guide for the year.  And let me drill down, George, because you were touching on corporates, we're assuming that corporate issuance grows, call it, mid-single digits for the fourth quarter versus the third quarter of '23. And that translates to something like mid-single-digit revenue growth for corporates in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, okay, so mid-single-digit issuance and revenue growth sequentially in the fourth quarter.  For all other ratings lines, we expect pretty flattish revenue growth versus the third quarter of '23. And if you -- if now I come back up to overall MIS revenue, that translates to something like low single-digit revenue growth for the fourth quarter versus the third quarter of '23. And now when I go back to looking at 4Q '22, something like mid-20s percent growth, obviously given it was a much lower comp.  And I would acknowledge I've got a wider range at this point than we normally do, but there's just -- there's a little more uncertainty in the market. So I want to be very clear to everybody about what we've assumed. And then again, in some ways, I'm anchoring to the third quarter here so that you can get a sense -- if you see a variance one way or the other versus the third quarter, you've got a good sense of what that's going to do to revenues -- to MIS revenues and in turn earnings.  And again, just to -- George, just to put a finer point on it, a key assumption really then is around corporate issuance for fourth quarter, and that's mid-single-digit growth versus the third quarter that we just finished. And I would say there's -- at the moment, there's probably a little more downside than upside to this. But we're not even a full month into the quarter, so we'll see. I hope that's helpful in helping you think about what's going on in the fourth quarter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets.
Ashish Sabadra: I wanted to focus or drill down further on the insurance ARR. We saw a material improvement there from 6% last quarter to 8% in the third quarter. I was just wondering if you could provide some color, where you're seeing that improvement. We obviously saw the ExposureIQ product at the Innovation Day. So is it more driven by the Climate Solutions, the RMS acquisition or the core business, the historical ERS business? So color on that one would be helpful.
Rob Fauber: Yes, Ashish, thanks. It's a good question. Last quarter, I think we talked about hitting that high single-digit mark for ARR growth within insurance and then you see 8%. And that's, as you said, improved. And I'd say there's a few things that are going into that. And as you know, we've got, what I'll call, kind of a P&C franchise, which is really historically the RMS franchise. And then we have the life franchise or historically, the Moody's franchise. And now all of that is our insurance business. And in P&C, we have started to see an improvement in ARR growth from our core RMS customers.  And some of that is just good old-fashioned blocking and tackling and great sales execution. And we have a very robust, intelligent risk platform. That's the SaaS platform. So we're having some nice success in migrating people from on-prem solutions to the SaaS platform. And we're also, as you mentioned, starting to roll out new solutions. It's giving us an opportunity to continue to not only bring in new customers but also to be able to do more for our existing customers. So that's one.  I would also say that while it may not be showing up in the insurance segment, we also feel very good about the cross-selling synergies that we're seeing, where we've got insurers who may be buying solutions from other parts of Moody's Analytics. So a good example is around KYC and master data. And then on the life business, so we -- over the last couple of years, there was some growth -- one of the drivers was around some of the IFRS 17 accounting standards.  Some of that is now in place. But now we're in a wave of kind of product enhancements and other things. So we still have -- actually have some very nice growth in the life business. So all in all, pretty encouraged by the -- not only the growth in the insurance business, but I think the opportunity for us to continue to see some further acceleration there.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Just wanted to ask real quick, any -- first off, any disclosures you can give us on revenue or growth in your ESG climate businesses there within Moody's Analytics? And is this, at this point, still mostly RMS and insurance? Or is -- it sounds like you were alluding to some cross-sell opportunities as well. So any color there would be appreciated.
Rob Fauber: I'm going to flip that over to Caroline.
Caroline Sullivan: Sure. Maybe we'll answer the RMS question first. So we are on track to achieve $150 million of RMS-related incremental run rate revenue by 2025. And with regards to climate and ESG, for 2023, we expect about $200 million in annual revenues. They're growing at a double-digit pace. So there's really ongoing demand from our customers with regards to more information around climate that's really helping us out with that.
Rob Fauber: Yes. And I'd say that, obviously, the bulk of what Caroline just talked about is from RMS. Beyond that, we've got ESG scores. We've got the ESG module, which is an extension of our CreditView module. And we also have a sustainable finance franchise that produces second-party opinions on labeled bond issuance out of the rating agency. All of that is what goes into ESG and climate. And the other thing I would say is that, I mean, Caroline is right. We've got, I think, healthy demand -- ongoing demand. But I gave the example of integrating the RMS transition and physical risk data and models into our banking solutions. So that was always the plan. And those kinds of things are going to help us continue to grow that overall pool of revenue from ESG and climate going forward.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Andrew Steinerman with JPMorgan.
Andrew Steinerman: I just wanted to jump into RMS a little bit more. First here, could you mention how well RMS is growing in the third quarter? And surely, you definitely caught my ear with the earlier comment about how Moody's is integrating the RMS climate risk data into ESG solutions for banks. So my question is how much of RMS revenues are now coming outside of that core P&C insurer? And are the products really different when you're delivering RMS data to banks than insurers?
Rob Fauber: So I don't think -- we don't disclose RMS growth at the -- on a quarterly basis. But I can tell you that our target of RMS revenue, including synergies, to grow in the high single-digit range for 2023, that's -- we're still on track for that. And as I mentioned, the two components is RMS growth is, what I'll call, core growth has been picking up. I think we all understand it was a fairly low-growth profile when we acquired it. That is improving. And we are starting to get more and more synergy revenue.  And I guess the other thing I'd say, Andrew, is something like integrating the content into our banking solutions, we'll capture that as synergy revenue. But you won't necessarily see that in the insurance segment, which is why I think it's important for us to be able to give the color on how we're capturing synergy across the broader business. And Andrew, can I make sure I just understand that last bit of the question, it was the difference in insurance delivering in insurance and banking?
Andrew Steinerman: Yes. So when you look at the type of RMS climate data that banking customers are consuming, is it very different than insurers? And let me just remind you, like when you look at a cat model, you've got to be expert genius to consume that data.
Rob Fauber: Yes, you do. I actually, in a way -- I've said this before, in a way, I've always -- I've sometimes thought of that content is in some ways trapped in very sophisticated insurance workflow software, right? So there's really, really rich, detailed weather models, climate models and massive amounts of data that has historically been used in the RMS software for the larger global insurers and reinsurers and brokers around the world.  And the reality is -- and this was a main driver of why we bought this company. We knew that there was going to be a lot of demand for that content but delivered in a different way. So for instance, we've come up with something called Climate on Demand, where we can actually do fairly simple scores and give you an average annual loss estimate. So this is the financial quantification of a weather event on a given property. And we can go down to a 10-meter resolution.  So banks are saying, "Hey, I'm underwriting a commercial loan. I'm securing it by -- I'm underwriting loans, securing it by commercial real estate. And I understand the insurance policy is an annual policy, but this is a 15-year loan." And so I want to start to understand -- so we are doing exactly what you just described is how do we take that content and deliver it to customers in different ways that are consumable for them in their workflows in ways that are valuable? And that, I think, was very difficult for RMS to do as a stand-alone company. That's part of the value that we're bringing here.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Russell Quelch with Redburn Atlantic.
Russell Quelch: I noticed there was a small uptick in the expected restructuring charge to '23 versus what you said in Q2. I know it's very small, but wondered what's driving that. And maybe sort of broader question, is there room for further restructuring in '24 if the economic environment doesn't pan out like you laid out in response to Toni's question?
Rob Fauber: Yes, Russell, I think I'm going to hand that to Caroline.
Caroline Sullivan: Sure. So we expect our restructuring program to be substantially complete by the end of the year. We are forecasting up to $205 million for about $100 million to $110 million in MA and $90 million to $95 million in MIS. And the charges relate to both real estate rationalization and workforce optimization. And we inspect -- expect to incur restructuring charges between $20 million to $40 million in the fourth quarter, over 65% of that being related to real estate. So with regards to expanding this into 2024, we have no plans for that.
Rob Fauber: Yes. And Russell, I would just -- to add to that, it was interesting, back when we first announced this, I think it was on this call a year ago. And I got some questions from people like, "Hey, why are you all doing that?" And I don't get those questions anymore. We really took some hard decisions and took a hard look at the business and figured out where we wanted to reprioritize.  And as Caroline said, we've continued to do that through the course of the year. But I think in terms of restructuring program, we're done. There will still be -- and you heard me talk about this. We're still going to be thinking about where we move resources and prioritizing things. But I think as far as restructuring, I think we're done.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: I had kind of an operational question for you, Rob. Just looking at the operating profit going up pretty substantially in MA from 2Q to 3Q, I was wondering if you could just discuss more kind of detail around what actually happened there. I don't usually see that kind of move in your business.  Was it getting out of a lot of leases at one point in time? Or can you just give us some on-the-ground thoughts of that? Because usually, I think of your business is very much in that area. Your costs, a lot of them are people. And I'm not sure that you had that kind of movements within your headcount.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Thanks, Shlomo. And I guess, I'll reiterate the kind of health warning of I don't want to get overly fixated on 1 quarter. Obviously, it was a good quarter from a margin perspective. But we do have some seasonal spending patterns in MA. This year, I think, is no different. And obviously, you're looking at then our full year guidance and what that implies for the fourth quarter.  And obviously, that means that kind of margin will be a little bit lower in the fourth quarter than it was in the third quarter. So kind of why is that? And I would just say that as we go into the end of the year, we've got all sorts of projects that start to -- people are trying to get them done by the end of the year. And we also have a good bit of increase in selling activities, just a huge renewal and sales period for us.  And the other thing I might say is that, again you've heard me talk about this reprioritization. You saw that we took some additional actions that were reflected in that updated restructuring charge. So there was -- there were some things that went on over the course of the summer. That was part of that reprioritization. And some of that went into that restructuring charge. Some of that then flowed through -- we saw that flow through. But then in the fourth quarter, as I said, we've got a plan for investments. We know we're going to have a lot of selling activity.  And the other thing I'd say is if you think back to the call back in February of -- earlier this year, I mean, GenAI wasn't even a thing. And so we've had to figure out how are we going to get after GenAI? How are we going to have the right resources with the right skills and really go after that and fund that internally? And so again, that was all part of the kind of the reprioritizing and repositioning within the business. So hopefully, that gives you a bit of a sense. But I wouldn't get too caught up just in this quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Meuler with Baird.
Jeffrey Meuler: Want to ask a long-term question on corporate debt velocity. I hear you that it's the lowest it's been in a while. There's a lot that's impacted issuance. We should see cyclical recovery. And refi wall should be supportive. But if you look at the very long term, like a multi-decade view, I'm curious what the data shows in terms of correlation. After a period of a material interest rate increase, does corporate debt velocity tend to persist at a low level? Or is that correlation not really there?
Rob Fauber: Yes. This may be -- you may have stumped the professor on this one. I've got the data, but I don't have it handy. But what I would say is that we have looked at issuance -- and so I'm not going to necessarily come at this from a debt velocity standpoint, but we have looked at issuance in periods of higher interest rates. And I think it's during the period of transition is when we typically see more challenge to issuance. So it's not simply an absolute higher level of rates that is the headwind.  Typically, higher rates are also accompanied by economic growth, which ultimately is positive for issuance. So over the longer term, we tend to see that correlation, which is supportive of issuance. Maybe the other thing is, I mean, just thinking out loud here is if we go back decades, the size of the markets, just vastly different. So I just don't know how comparable that really would be. But you know what, there might be something we can follow up on with you and dig in on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets.
Ryan Griffin: This is Ryan on for Jeff. Just a quick clarifying question, looking at the quarterly changes in rated investment-grade issuance volumes and revenues on Page 5 of the release, I saw issuance was up 6%, but revenue is down 6%. Can you just explain the disparity there and how the pricing comes into play there?
Rob Fauber: Yes, that was a mix issue. So in investment grade, we have typically two types of issuers: those who are on kind of frequent issuer programs; and those who are less frequent, opportunistic issuers. And so in this quarter, that mix tended more towards the frequent issuers and less towards opportunistic, which in some ways makes sense. As you've got kind of a rising rate environment, the opportunistic investment-grade issuers are going to sit on the sidelines if they can. So I think that was primarily what was going on there. It really wasn't a pricing issue.
Operator: And we will take Craig Huber's question with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Rob, I've got a follow-up question, on pricing, can you just quantify what pricing is doing this year for each of your two main segments, up about 3% to 4%? How should we think about that for '23?
Rob Fauber: Yes. It's pretty steady Eddie. And I guess, Craig, the real devil is in the details because it does depend to some extent on the issuance mix. So as you know, we don't just have a blanket price increase across the entire issuer community. We're really, really thorough and thoughtful about how we do this. And we think about regions and asset classes and the value and the costs to support the surveillance.  And so all of that goes into how we think about pricing. So again, you don't have a blanket price increase. So depending on where we have more or less price increases that average out to 3% to 4%, it depends on what effectively kind of our pricing take is in any given year. But I would say the idea of kind of 3% to 4% on average across the portfolio is true this year. And we expect it to be true again next year.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Rob Fauber for any additional or closing comments.
Rob Fauber: Okay. Well, I think that does it. I really appreciate everybody for joining the call. And we'll talk to you in February. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Operator: And this concludes Moody's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the Investor Resources section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay will be made available immediately after the call on Moody's IR website. Thank you.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-25 13:45:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Moody's Corporation Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the Company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers following the presentation. I will now turn the call over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shivani Kak: Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I'm Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the second quarter of 2023 as well as our revised outlook for select metrics for full year 2023. The earnings press release and the presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures referenced during this call in U.S. GAAP. I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and in other SEC filings made by the Company, which are available on our website and on the SEC's website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. Rob Fauber, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide an overview of our results, key business highlights and outlook; after which, he'll be joined by Mark Kaye, Moody's Chief Financial Officer, to answer your questions. I’ll now turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Fauber: Thanks, Shivani. Good afternoon, and thanks to everybody for joining today's call. As we typically do, I'm going to touch on a few key takeaways from our second quarter results and provide some insights into what's supporting our growth outlook. I also want to continue to highlight some of the exciting growth opportunities within the Decision Solutions line of business. And this quarter, I'm going to spotlight our insurance business. Then I'm going to talk about how we are positioning ourselves for what I tend to think of as a generational opportunity provided by generative AI. And as always, Mark and I will be happy to take your questions. We delivered strong performance across the firm this quarter. MIS achieved its first quarter of revenue growth in six quarters amidst a steady improvement in issuance. In fact, revenue growth – revenue grew 6%, outpacing a 3% increase in issuance. And the improvement in the issuance environment was led by a 54% increase in investment grade activity. And this, combined with the ongoing gradual recovery in high-yield bonds, has led us to raise MIS' revenue guidance for the full year to high single-digit growth, up from our prior guidance of low to mid-single-digit growth. And we continue to sustain 10% ARR growth in MA, selling into strong demand for our suite of mission-critical data analytics and workflow tools. And this quarter, we're introducing some additional top line disclosures for our banking, insurance and KYC businesses so that we can provide you with more insight into the robust performance of Decision Solutions. The stronger than expected revenue growth in MIS is driving the increase in our full year adjusted diluted EPS guidance of $9.75 to $10.25. And we continue to balance our expense control measures while furthering our investment in the business. We're capitalizing on our unique ability to integrate proprietary data sets and advanced capabilities from across our businesses into tailored cloud-based solutions. And we're innovating and investing extensively across the company to build further on this momentum with several key initiatives focused around generative AI technology turbocharged by our recent partnership with Microsoft. And over the past several months, as our businesses continue to scale, we spent considerable time talking with investors about how to think about the Moody's of today. And I want to share that with you because I think it's really useful context for understanding both our performance and our growth opportunity. And we've got several great crown jewel businesses, and anchoring those businesses, of course, is MIS, the global agency of choice for issuers and investors. But in MA, we have one of the world's premier subscription based fixed income and economics research businesses, a data business powered by what we believe is the world's largest database on companies and credit and three cloud-based SaaS businesses serving banking, insurance and KYC workflows. And at a high level, these businesses come together to help banks, insurers, corporates and public sector entities really do one of three things. First, to help them commence a relationship or an exposure so to issue, originate, select or underwrite. Second, during the life of that relationship, help them measure, monitor and manage risk. And third, on the back end, help them verify, account, comply, plan and report. And to do this, we leverage a tremendous set of proprietary data analytics and domain expertise across a range of areas: credit, companies, properties, securities, people, economies, ESG, climate and more. And we think of that as our risk operating system, and we thread that content through our solutions, and that's what makes our customer value proposition both sticky and differentiated. So with that backdrop, let me touch on MIS for the quarter. So the headwinds of the first quarter have largely dissipated, and that has led to more constructive market conditions and a surge in investment-grade issuance. In fact, May was one of the busiest months on record for investment-grade activity as both corporate and infrastructure issuers came to the market opportunistically. And I've said previously that investment-grade activity opens the door for issuance further down the rating scale, and that's exactly what we've seen with the ongoing recovery in high-yield bonds. And we saw the strongest issuance quarter since the beginning of 2022 in high yield, and that drove an almost 50% increase in our high yield revenue versus the prior year period. And so primarily based on the stronger than expected performance in both investment-grade and high yield, we're raising our issuance and revenue guidance for MIS for the full year. And so the backdrop to the market recovery, I would say, still remains fragile. And of our first-time mandates signed in the second quarter, only 25% or so have issued as some of those corporate treasurers and CFOs wait on the sidelines for more market certainty around the path of inflation and rates and the economy. And so muted M&A activity is also contributing to a limited supply of leveraged loans, and that has negatively impacted CLO creation since over 60% of these loans typically go on to be securitized. Within other structured finance asset classes such as CMBS and RMBS, higher all-in funding costs are restricting asset creation, and that's resulting in fewer deals and leading us to take down our structured finance issuance forecast for the year. And while we've had softer issuance markets over the past year, we've been strengthening our position in the markets of the future to reinforce MIS' position as the agency of choice. We have strategically invested in our emerging markets footprint for many years, and you've heard us talk about this at Investor Days and on earnings calls. And that's because although emerging markets account for something like 50% of global GDP, they represent less than 10% of cross-border issuance. So we recognize this opportunity for long-term growth. And our investment includes thought leadership, like our annual Emerging Markets Summit that we held in the second quarter, we attracted participants from over 90 countries to that conference. And in the second quarter, we also closed on our acquisition of acquisition of SCRiesgo, a domestic credit rating agency serving Central America, further strengthening our growing Moody's Local franchise all across Latin America. And as the digitization of financial markets accelerates, we're positioning MIS as a leader in assessing decentralized finance digital bonds and asset tokenization. We've rated a number of firsts in this space, and that includes just this month the European Investment Bank’s first-ever digital green bond. And of course, we continue to grow our sustainable finance franchise within MIS with good momentum in second party opinions. You may recall we relaunched our methodology in the fourth quarter of 2022. We have now completed over 92nd party opinions through the first half of this year, and that includes for marquee issuers like NL and the government of Mexico. And we have delivered 36% growth in SPO volumes versus the same prior year period. Now, moving to MA just a few minutes ago, I described decision solutions as primarily three cloud-based SaaS businesses serving banking, insurance, and KYC workflows. And as these businesses scale, we want to offer some additional insights into their performance. So from this quarter onwards, we're going to be providing revenue and AR metrics for each of them. And as you can see here, each of these businesses achieve double digit revenue growth in the second quarter, and together they delivered 10% ARR growth with KYC leading the way at nearly 20% ARR growth. So, last quarter we provided a spotlight on our banking business within decision solutions. And I thought this quarter that I would touch on our insurance business. We got some good feedback from that spotlight last quarter. And our insurance business brings together the legacy MA insurance business, which mainly serves life insurers with RMS, which caters primarily to the P&C market. And collectively our insurance business delivers workflow solutions for underwriting risk and capital management, and financial and regulatory reporting. And it generates in the neighborhood of $500 million of ARR. So, it makes it a very significant component of the broader MA portfolio. And like banks, insurers are undergoing a significant period of transformation as they work to digitize and automate manual and fragmented workflows in order to be both more effective and more efficient in underwriting, and risk management and capital planning. And this opens new opportunities for us to establish and expand our presence, offering new solutions and capabilities much in the same way that we have successfully done with banks. And at the heart of our insurance offerings are our AXIS and RMS risk engines. And AXIS provides the core actuarial and finance cash flow modeling that is widely used by life insurers, reinsurers, and consulting firms for functions that include pricing, reserving asset liability management, financial modeling, capital calculations, and hedging. And AXIS has proven to be a significant catalyst for growth. And this quarter was no exception. This quarter growth was fueled by increasing demand for our fully automated service, which enables insurers to send their actuarial modeling jobs to a cloud-based infrastructure for very efficient processing. And also contributing to growth in the second quarter is our RiskIntegrity offering, which seamlessly integrates with AXIS and provides a highly automated solution for calculating financial statement information in compliance with IFRS17 regulations. Now on the Property & Casualty side in May we held our most successful global insurance conference ever called Exceedance. I was there with about 500 of our customers from around the world. And we made several very important new product announcements. And I have to say I left the conference feeling very optimistic about the opportunities in front of us to serve the insurance industry. So first, our cloud-based, what we call Intelligent Risk Platform or IRP, that is industrial strength and it is differentiated in the market. We now have well north of a 100 customers on the Intelligent Risk Platform in the cloud. And this allows customers to run our new, more granular, what we call, high definition models by leveraging cloud computing power on demand. And that gives our customers a competitive advantage for those of our customers who are using this cloud solution. We also announced that we are partnering with NASDAQ enabling our customers to seamlessly access a wide array of CAP models available on the NASDAQ platform in addition to our customers’ own internal models. And this collaboration significantly enhances the value and capabilities of our IRP as a broader industry workflow platform. So, with this very compelling set of capabilities and solutions across insurance, now let me talk a little bit about the customer expansion opportunity. And we have over 900 insurance customers globally, and there is a significant opportunity for cross-selling and growing revenue per customer. We have very substantial relationships with our top 10 largest insurance customers who purchase on average about six to seven product families from across all of MA. Our next 90 largest insurers purchase on average about four to five product families. And our remaining 800 customers buy an average of just one to two products. So you can really see the extent of the cross sell opportunity. And let me give you an example of how we are growing our insurance relationships. So, five years ago one of the larger U.S. insurers was spending about $15 million annually with us across products spanning risk and capital management, finance and report reporting, workflow tools, and also some other products, including our MIS data feeds for risk management functions like risk adjusted capital calculations, and portfolio construction. After the acquisition of RMS, this customer relationship grew substantially to north of 25 million, and this insurer is now a significant customer of both AXIS and RMS. And given the breadth of business activities of a large insurer, and that includes lending and investing in addition to underwriting, they also subscribe to a number of our other solutions like our CreditLens loan origination solution, our CreditView research platform, and our structured finance and commercial real estate data and analytics, and even our KYC tools. And that has all together allowed us to expand the relationship to an ARR of over $30 million. And KYC offers another compelling cross sell opportunity with insurers as well as corporates. And in fact, in 2021 less than 10% of our insurance customers subscribed to a KYC product. Just two years later, we're up to about 20% and we are optimistic about further potential here. So our ability to deliver unique and innovative solutions is also being recognized across the industry. And of the awards that are listed on this slide, I have to say I'm particularly proud of our recent recognition as the overall winner of Chartis' inaugural Insurance 25 Award because it highlights our innovative market-leading solutions that span climate, cat risk modeling and economic and financial analysis. And speaking of innovation, as you hopefully heard during our recent gen AI briefing, artificial intelligence is fundamental to many of our products, and frankly, it has been for years. I want to touch on three of those. And I'd start with QUIQspread, which is an AI machine learning tool that we have developed in-house that digitizes and spreads financial data. And it's been integrated into a number of our products, including our CreditLens loan origination offering. And today, it's used by hundreds of customers, including banks around the world. Our AI review product is really at the heart of our KYC screening solutions. It's been trained on over 12 million actual KYC analyst decisions and it's currently used by over 500 customers. And so far this year, it's processed over 110 million names. And this all helps further train the artificial intelligence engine that powers these insights, and it reduces the likelihood of false positives by up to 80%. And that eliminates countless hours of manual work and reduces the time to screen for our customers from hours to literally just seconds. So a huge value prop for our customers. And finally, NewsEdge where we've been leveraging deep learning combined with natural language processing to enhance and optimize our data retrieval, enrichment and sentiment generation over our multi-domain data sets, employing state-of-the-art big data techniques. And to give you a sense of what this means in practical terms, our models are consuming, categorizing and scoring nearly 1 million new stories from over 20,000 sources each and every day. So these are just three of our over – I'd say over a dozen AI-enabled products, which bring a global team of engineers and product specialists with distinct and deep skill sets around natural language processing and artificial intelligence. And our historical foundational AI experience uniquely positions us, I think, to capitalize on the immense opportunities presented by generative AI. And gen AI is going to revolutionize how individuals and companies derive insights, how they participate in financial markets and how they navigate an increasingly complex world. And that's why we partnered with Microsoft. Combining Moody's vast proprietary data analytics and research with Microsoft's industry-leading gen AI technology and Azure OpenAI service, that's going to allow us to create new offerings that provide deeper, richer insights into risk than ever before. And by applying machine learning algorithms and deep neural networks to large collections of data and insights, individuals and organizations will be able to drive greater efficiency, accuracy, insight and innovation and financial processes. And earlier today, we published a – I'd call it, teaser demo of one of our first gen AI innovations, and we're calling it the Moody's Research Assistant. It's an interactive chat feature that looks across Moody's vast data sets and research to provide customers with multifaceted and integrated perspectives of risks that few others can provide. And the assistant will have the ability to access data and content across multiple domains, such as firmographic data, credit indicators, economic forecast, and risk and reputational profiles and deliver results to users based on their own personalized needs. So we're beginning to preview this innovation with customers to demonstrate the – really, I think, extraordinary value that it's going to bring, powered by Microsoft's technology and anchored by Moody's proprietary data. So be sure to check it out on our IR website. And importantly, I do want to acknowledge that Moody's gen AI is a journey of human enablement. And we have deployed this technology to all of our 14,000-plus employees. I call them our 14,000 innovators so that we can innovate at scale and pilot new ways to enrich our jobs with powerful new insights and improved productivity, all at our fingertips. And before I close, I'd like to give a big shout out to our employees. During the month of June, over 3,000 Moody's teammates and I was with them, took part in 150-plus volunteer projects across 32 countries. And their efforts delivered over 8,600 volunteer hours dedicated to making a difference in our communities. So our people are living our values and it's great stuff. That concludes my prepared remarks. Mark and I would be very happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Owen Lau: Good afternoon and thank you for taking my question. So it looks like MA has more investments into product development such as AI, Rob talked about, but it dragged down the operating margin in the second quarter and also full year guidance. So I think it will be great if you can maybe give us an update on the seasonality of your P&L by segment and how we should think about that? Thanks.
Mark Kaye: Sure. Good afternoon. Thanks for the question. So last quarter, we anticipated that near-term capital markets and activity would be constrained before progressively improving in the second half. And while issuance was indeed lower in certain asset classes than expected, for example, structured, we did observe, and you heard this from Rob, higher-than-anticipated investment-grade volumes, given strong investor demand for our high-quality credits. So taking that into account and along with our expectation for relatively stable-ish market conditions for the remainder of the year, we are lifting our full year 2023 global MIS-rated issuance to the mid single-digit range and our MIS revenue growth to the high single-digit percent range. And this, together with our better-than-expected year-to-date MIS revenue result now implies MIS revenue growth in the range of low to mid-20s percent on average for the remainder of the year versus the relatively low year-to-date 2022 comparable period. That's really given the market disruption that we had in the prior year from geopolitical concerns and a deterioration of some macroeconomic conditions. This also means that we anticipate our MIS 2023 year-to-go revenue in absolute dollars to be comparable to the pre-pandemic levels we observed in the second half of 2019. And on the MA side, our reaffirmed guidance for the full year 2023 MA revenue to grow approximately 10% together with our mid-90% retention rates then implies the second half revenue will be in the low-double digit percent range and that’s going to reflect the strong ongoing demand for our subscription based products and solutions, really as customers continue to look to Moody’s to deliver the tools they need to incorporate risk resiliency evaluate exponential risk, et cetera in their workflows and processes. And that means that we forecast in the third quarter MA adjusted operating margin to step up to this compared to the second quarter, and then sequentially improve again in the fourth quarter very much in line with revenue and really as MA fully realizes the benefits of our restructuring program and additional cost saving initiatives. And then finally, our outlook for the full year 2023 total Moody’s operating expense growth remains within that mid-single digit percent range [indiscernible] at the higher end. And this balances our expectation for higher incentive and stock-based compensation costs with the improvement in our issuance outlook and the introduction of new initiatives to accelerate the development and deployment of some of our AI solutions. And if I was going to translate that, that full year 2023 operating expense guidance, and that really means along the lines of a low-single digit percent decline in MIS and the higher end of high-single digit percent growth in MA. And I apologize that that answer was for you, not for George.
Owen Lau: No problem. Thanks a lot. Very helpful, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
George Tong: Hi, thanks. Good morning. So 2Q debt issuance and ratings revenue performance was strong and led you to raise your full year guidance for MIS. That said, debt issuance in July so far has been relatively weak. How much of a pull forward in debt issuance into 2Q do you believe happened? And does your guidance reflect simply a flow through of 2Q outperformance, or does it assume a stronger 3Q and 4Q than you previously expected?
Rob Fauber: Hey, George, it’s Rob. This is probably a question on the minds of many thinking about first half, second half and then triangulating to our full year guide. So we certainly saw stronger investment grade issuance in the first half that than we expected. And yes, we do think that was likely due in part to some pull forward in advance of the debt ceiling. And there’s just also some investor preference for really the higher end of the rating spectrum. The stress in the U.S. banking sector, I’d say probably dissipated a little bit faster than we had expected and kind of a return of market confidence. So as we’re kind of looking at the going into the second half of the year, when we look at leverage finance, and I’m talking about high yield and leverage loans, our general thinking is that the current run rate that we’re seeing for high yield and leveraged loans, I’d say the sequential run rate, if you will, that looks sustainable. And because we’ve got easier comps in the second half of the year, that implies some higher percent growth rates for leverage finance in particular. And also we expect will contribute to a positive revenue mix. And to put a maybe a little bit finer point on it, our issuance outlook implies a low-20s% increase in issuance for the second half of 2023. And that combined with what we saw in the first half, gets us to this mid-single digit for the year.
George Tong: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. If I can just ask you not around all these GenAI initiatives and stuff you’ve highlighted so far, like is that all incremental expenses or how are you thinking about in terms of spend and budget versus what I guess you’ve already doing before.
Mark Kaye: Manav, good afternoon. So we expect to realize meaningful productivity gains and efficiency as we progressively incorporate GenAI into our Moody’s ecosystem from technology and software development organizations to our customer support, shared service, even research teams. I think we would say it’s too early to provide estimates around the extent of these efficiencies that initial pilots are promising. So for example, the deployment of our coding assistant to some of our software development teams has shown material productivity benefits through both error reduction and coding time acceleration. Another clear benefit is the opportunity that the technology brings to our rating analysts where the use cases are vast. For example, you could think about using GenAI to transform in part our analytical workflow. For example, analysts can shift their focus towards forming more valuable opinions, augmenting their capabilities, for example, through foster data processing, advanced data interpretation, spreading, et cetera. And the point here is that in total, if we step back for a minute, you can think about GenAI as really just reinforcing and increasing our confidence in achieving our annual and our medium-term expense and margin targets.
Rob Fauber: And Manav, hey, it’s Rob. I’d also say, I think you were asking specifically also about just the extent of investment. Is it incremental? Is it significant investment? I would say that we’re able to leverage a lot of the investment that we already have. You think about we have most of our solutions are on the cloud. We’ve – it’s one reason I highlighted on the call. We’ve got a lot of expertise already across the firm around AI. I think one of the costs, and it’s too early for us to know what this looks like, we don’t yet know exactly the pricing structure of our products. But there’s going to be incremental compute cost and running these models is not cheap. So it’s still a little early for us because we’re just now Manav going into preview mode with customers, getting feedback from customers, thinking about then what the product pricing and packaging looks like, and then what the cost side will look like. So I think Manav, we’re going to have a much better sense for this in another quarter or so.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McVeigh with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Kevin McVeigh: Great. Thanks so much. Just to follow-up on the Generative AI a little bit, is there any way to think about kind of where you are in the process in MA versus MIS. And if there’s a way one thing that gives me a lot of optimism is the potential efficiencies from a delivery perspective given how regulated the industry is, keeps a lot of your footprint on shore. Is there any way to think about what the potential longer-term impact is from a margin perspective as maybe leverage the AI across both MA and MIS in terms of not necessarily next quarter, but how we should think about that a little bit longer-term if some of these efficiencies are brought to bear?
Rob Fauber: Yes, Kevin, hey, it’s Rob. And look, I would be remiss, if I don't talk about both sides of the equation here, because – and I promise you I will touch on the efficiency opportunity. But this really is, we think, a compelling opportunity for us in terms of how we deliver our content. And so we are very much approaching this in terms of opportunity first and what is the opportunity to deliver unique value to our customers. And as you heard me say to Manav, we're early days here, if you want to get a sense of what it looks like, I hope you get a chance to check out the video. There's a very easy way to understand how we're thinking about deploying this and what the opportunity will be. I would also say that we have approached this from a one Moody's perspective. And that is really, really important. Because this was an opportunity for us to set up a firm-wide infrastructure, a copilot across the firm, we obviously have to think about entitlements and controls and others things, risk management, all those things. But there's an opportunity to use one infrastructure across the firm. And as we have innovations across the firm, people able to deploy those innovations into our firm-wide ecosystem. Now, you mentioned MIS specifically, the MIS teams are very engaged around this and very engaged with our AI enablement team we put together. And looking at ways that they're going to be able to process more information, to get new insights, to be able to get through these things more quickly, and I really think about it, Kevin, as essentially turbo charging our people. And we have always heard from our issuers that we have the most experienced analysts and they really value that. And now I think about – all right, now we have the most experienced analysts, who are going to be armed with the capability of this copilot and everything that it brings and being able to work together on the team's collaboration platform will really turbo charging the capabilities of our analysts. I'm sure there will be productivity gains, but there will also be some real improvements to just the insights that we're able to deliver to our customers
Kevin McVeigh: Makes sense. Congratulations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm: Yes. Hello, everyone. Can't believe I'm asking another GenAI question, but I will and it's on the revenue side. Because, Rob, you obviously highlight that you actually have been utilizing some of these tools, I guess, already in some of our products. I think you had three on the slide and you said something about dozens. I guess the question really is, can you already isolate some of the, I guess, AI enabled revenues that you're getting today? And it would always be great to have that number. But then more importantly, like, how long do you really think until this can really scale? And I guess, any ideas about the TAM, I mean, this is just – hey, we're going to make our products better and we’re going to be better in the marketplace and we're going to sell better? Or do you think there is going to be a real unique revenue opportunity here that really wasn't there before?
Rob Fauber: Alex, you know what, that first question is a great question. I have to be honest. I was thinking about that coming into the call and thinking, you know what? Somebody may ask that. I don't have that answer at my fingertips. But that's something I think that we can follow up on. It's a really good question. And it's a natural question given the fact that we're spotlighting those products. Let me talk for just a moment about how we're thinking about the monetization opportunity. And again, it's in early days, so just to give you a sense of where we are? We are just in the process of going into what I would call preview mode with a handful of our customers who then can give us feedback on the product. We're thinking then about, as I said, kind of the pricing and packaging. We're starting with what we're calling a research assistant that will serve our core customer – investor customer persona, right. So this is the investor that is using our CreditView offering. We will likely make the research assistant available and integrated into the CreditView platform, we may – so in that case, you can imagine it being an add-on to your CreditView subscription. We also have the ability to call the research assistant, right. And that would allow us to deploy it through, for instance, a platform like Microsoft Teams. And we – Alex, the exciting thing there is, that's going to allow us, I think, to reach a whole new customer base of people who aren’t using CreditView today may not have the frequent need to use CreditView, but want to get access to our insights and research. So we're thinking about how do we price that. You can then imagine that we go from that core investor persona to other core personas that we serve. So in banking, it's credit officers and commercial lenders. In insurance, it might be Chief Risk Officers and underwriting staff. And so we will be creating assistants that serve those personas. And so those will be both integrated, as I said, with CreditView, likely integrated into our existing offerings. And over time, we would also expect that people would look to have additional content sets entitled with their assistants. So you could imagine that our research assistant comes preloaded with certain content sets. And then over time, if you want to add, say, a climate or ESG content set, that may be an additional entitlement and additional revenue opportunity. So, again, Alex, these are great questions. We're working through these as fast as we can. And I think towards the end of this year, we'll probably have more insight into what this looks like, what the size of the opportunity will be. That will then be incorporated into our 2024 outlook.
Alex Kramm: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to focus on the free cash flow, that guidance was raised by almost $200 million, which was much better than the EPS guidance range. I was wondering if you could talk about that. And also from a capital allocation perspective, you obviously raised the share repurchase guidance from $250 million to $500 million. But how should we think about the rest of the cash and the focus on any particular focus on M&A? Thanks.
Mark Kaye: Ashish, good afternoon. In the second quarter, our free cash flow result of $549 million was significantly higher, to your point, compared to the prior year period. And that's true primarily due to an improvement in working capital as the prior year included, and you'll recall this, a tax-related working capital headwind. And this quarter, of course, we also had stronger net income given the growth in MIS combined with solid execution in MA.  That means for the second quarter, our free cash flow to GAAP net income conversion was almost 150% compared to just 66% in the prior year. And I would say we’re forecasting that conversion rate really to moderate through the rest of the year as some of those first half working capital tailwinds normalize. We’re also very pleased to increase our share repurchase guidance to $500 million. And that means we’re going to return over $1 billion to our shareholders this year, $500 million through share repo and approximately $550 million through dividends. But the most important thing here is as a management team, we continue to be committed to anchoring our financial leverage around that BBB+ rating. And that’s really because we believe that provides the appropriate balance between lowering the cost of capital and providing for ongoing financial flexibility.
Ashish Sabadra: That’s very helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Toni Kaplan: Thank you. Wanted to ask about Slide 9. Thank you so much for the additional disclosures by customer type. I guess, maybe one, on the insurance part of the business. Are you seeing something in the more current, either pipeline or something that makes the ARR only 6%, whereas the revenue growth is coming in at 12%? Maybe it’s timing. And also if you could break down maybe a little bit of the KYC, obviously very strong growth there. Just trying to figure out how much is like from new customers versus upselling versus pricing. Any sort of granular drivers would be helpful. Thanks.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Toni, hey it’s Rob. You’re – the second part was on KYC, right?
Toni Kaplan: Yes.
Rob Fauber: So, as you know and this is why you’re asking the question, this has been a strong growth engine for us for some time now. And there’s a few things I think going on. We’re adding both new logos and we are adding – and upselling as well. And an interesting couple stats, the volume of what we call multi-product deals. So if you think about the components of our KYC solution, it’s really the company data that’s in Orbis. It’s the people data in what we call our GRID database. We’ve got our adverse media and AI screening, and then we wrap that in a workflow tool, right? So those are all the components. And you can buy the data separately from the workflow or you can buy the data integrated into the workflow. So where our cloud workflow platform is sold with other KYC products, that’s up 91%, so we’re seeing a lot of customers wanting to opt into the kind of full solution with workflow and data. The volume of what we call multi-product sales. So where I’m buying multiple components of this solution is up almost 50%. And where we have what we call – sales where we have something called company registration verification. So you want to go back down to the source documents themselves. It’s another important feature, actually a company we acquired several years ago. That’s – sales of that as part of our broader suite is up 53%. So, that idea of packaging the content with the workflow has really proved to be quite compelling. And, I guess, Toni, the other thing, just in terms of what’s driving overall demand in the space, you’ve got ongoing changes to regulation, perpetual KYC and you’ve also got a broadening of demand beyond just KYC into companies who want to understand more about who they’re doing business with in supply chain. So that’s – hopefully that gives you some insight into KYC. The answer is really both, new logos and upsells and this bundling of product. On insurance, so remember that this includes our insurance unit now, as I said on the call, both our legacy MA as well as RMS. And what we don’t reflect in that insurance ARR number is the cross-selling synergies that we’ve got with RMS, which are actually quite robust. And Mark you might even have a little bit of data on that.
Mark Kaye: Yes. I’d say collectively, Toni, you could think about Rob’s remarks is leading us towards that high single digit ARR for insurance by year end and certain for high teens or even low 20s for the KYC space.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Nicholas with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Andrew Nicholas: Hi, good afternoon. From what we can gather, it seems like the issuers, particularly within the high yield market are opting for shorter maturities in this environment. And so my question is, is a two-parter. First, is this something that you’re seeing across debt categories of late? And second, how should we think about the impact of this on MIS revenue? I’m just curious if shorter maturities ultimately results in issuers coming back to market more frequently, which I would think drives stronger transactional revenue? Or if there’s some offsetting component within your fee structure that that would offset this? Thank you.
Mark Kaye: Andrew, I’ll start off with some numbers and then I’ll turn it over to Rob for additional commentary. I’ll do both investment grade and high yield just so we got a complete picture here. Between 2020 and I call it year to date 2023, the average duration of the MIS rated IG bond issuance peaked in 2020 at about 15 years, and then it steadily reduced to just under 12 years in June, which is about where it was in the pre-COVID 2018-2019 year, so not a big move on the investment grade side. On high yield, the comparable numbers for the average duration for what we’re rating was somewhere between 7.8 and about 8.3 years. And what we’ve seen, to your point is that it’s been reduced to around six years through the first half of 2023.
Rob Fauber: Yes. And in fact, I mean, Mark, you cited some of that data. We were getting the opposite questions a couple years ago as the tenors were stretching out and people worried about whether that was going to lead to less frequent issuance. So this is a happy issue to be contemplating. And to answer your question, I think it just means the issuers are coming to market more frequently. There’s nothing in our commercial constructs that I think would offset that. It’s unlikely. And most of these issuers, especially in high yield are infrequent issuers. So it’s unlikely that they’re going to be on a more of a relationship based construct. So I think net-net this is a modest positive.
Andrew Nicholas: Make sense. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Thank you. Can you just talk a little bit further about your debt issuance outlook for full year 2023, but break it down a little bit further by category high yield and bank loans, construction finance in particular? And also, can I just get the incentive comp number for the quarter on the new basis you guys are using what it was a year ago? Thank you.
Mark Kaye: Craig, good afternoon. I’ll start with the incentive comp. So in the second quarter, the incentive comp was $99 million and that compared to a $66 million in the prior year period. And that brings up our year-to-date incentive comp accrual to $188 million, which is approximately $45 million above the first half. For the full year, we’re expecting incentive comp to be between $370 million and $390 million, which is higher, about 25% higher than the comp we accrued for last year. And that’s really driven primarily by our improved outlook for full year 2023 MIS revenue.
Rob Fauber: Yes. And Craig, so just – I mean, I think you had a couple of pieces to this. One was kind of leveraged finance. And I would say that starting with high yield, would describe the environment as cautiously active in the first half of the year. And we did see some oil and gas issuers come back in the market. That’s important because they historically have been big issuers in high yield. The leveraged loan issuance was pretty soft. We had a pretty muted sponsor-driven M&A. We did see some refinancing activity and saw at least some supply coming from autos and telcos. When you look at our full year outlook, we’ve taken high-yield bonds up 15 percentage points to up 40% for the year, off of obviously what was a soft year last year. And we’ve made a modest adjustment to leveraged loans mid-single-digit, up from flat. In terms of kind of what we’re seeing in the market right now, Craig, it was July – it was a holiday shortened week to start in July. Things have picked up a little bit in the high-yield market. I would say the tone for both high-yield and leveraged loans is constructive. There’s good buyer risk appetite and demand. And then just touching on structured finance, just the volatility and the rising funding costs have led to a slowdown in overall market activity. And there’s a lot going on. I would say the weakest areas are CMBS, not surprisingly, given some of the concerns in the commercial real estate sector and CLOs, just given the lighter leveraged loan supply. So we kind of looked at that, what’s going on in the space and have decided to revise our outlook for structured finance down to – sorry, to down mid-teens percent for the year. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of a flavor.
Craig Huber: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Faiza Alwy: Yes. Hi. Thank you. So I wanted to follow up on that point that you just made, Rob, around structured finance. I’m curious if the competitive environment is a little bit different in structured finance? Are there areas where maybe you’re stronger in versus competition? And is that an area of investment focus for you at all?
Rob Fauber: Yes, that’s a great question. Structured finance has a number of agencies that are active in the market. It’s a more transactional market than the fundamental market, which is much more relationship-driven. So we do see a more active, broader competitive landscape in structured finance. I would say in spaces like AMBS – excuse me, AMBS – ABS, CMBS has a number of active players, CLO a bit fewer just because we rate the – tend to rate the underlying securities within a CLO. And so I would also note, just when you kind of are looking at what’s going on in terms of our structured finance results, if you think about CMBS is a sector where we’re quite strong. We have quite a good presence there. And there’s been a pretty sharp decline in issuance volumes, again due to concerns about the office and retail sector. So that decline may be felt more acutely by us, just given our kind of broader coverage of that space and of issuance than perhaps with some other agencies. The last thing I would say is broadly, our coverage has remained pretty consistent. It does tend to ebb and flow between asset classes a bit from time to time. But broadly, our coverage has remained pretty consistent over the last several years.
Faiza Alwy: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Seth Weber: Hey, good afternoon everybody. Thanks for taking a question. I was wondering if you could just drill down a little bit more on the FIG revenue, 13% – up 13% versus issuance, up 5%. Just kind of give us some more details on what’s going on there. Thank you.
Rob Fauber: Yes. It’s – as we’ve broadened out the customer base for FIG over the years, and that’s included a number of, what I would say, are alternative investment managers and investment managers, we’ve gotten a little bit more volatility into the results than we have historically. And for those who’ve been on this call for a long time, you probably remember me saying how FIG is primarily relationship-based and it doesn’t move around – the revenue doesn’t move around much. As we broadened that base out, it has. And this quarter, in particular, we saw some opportunistic issuance from the insurance sector, folks who are not typically on these relationship-based constructs. And that gave us a little bit higher revenue take than we might otherwise get on issuance in the FIG space.
Seth Weber: Makes sense. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line, Heather Balsky with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Heather Balsky: Hi, thanks for taking your taking my question. It’s great to see the improvement in MIS. I’m just curious, though, as you kind of look out and you think about the dynamics in the environment, where rates are, kind of where rates might go. What do you think is the biggest overhang right now? Do you think it’s the actual rate itself or do you think it’s the uncertainty? And do you think kind of incremental certainty kind of this quarter helped with what you saw with regards to issuance?
Rob Fauber: Hey, Heather welcome to the call. First of all. It’s good to have you on.
Heather Balsky: Thank you.
Rob Fauber: Yes, great question. So I have typically said that it’s uncertainty. That is the most challenging thing. And we’ve said in the past that the market can absorb higher rates when they are: one, accompanied by economic growth; and two, when they are anticipated by the market. So the market does not react well to surprises and it doesn’t react well to uncertainty and volatility. Volatility in the markets, both the equity markets and the fixed income markets and with spreads makes – creates really challenging issuance environment. So you’ve seen, as the market has at least gotten certain – more certainty around the trajectory of rate increases, you’ve seen issuance firm up. And I think again, there’s still a little bit of headline risk in the remainder of the year, but certainly, we’ve seen some of the firming in the market.
Mark Kaye: And Heather, if I just add some additional color to Rob’s comments there, few things we’re watching. We obviously feel that rates are likely approaching their peaks. We’re expecting the Fed to pause not pivot unless of course there’s a sudden increase in unemployment or a collapse in growth. The second thing we’re expecting is that the second half recession risks are likely to linger amidst tighter financial conditions. And so we’ve incorporated a dip, not a severe downturn into our outlook. And that really means that we are expecting the global default rate to rise above the long-term average, but not up to the levels of the pandemic or even remotely close to the great financial crisis. And then thirdly, we’re marching a couple of key questions on macro thematics which could include things like we are going to see more stimulus from the Chinese authorities because their post COVID reopening growth has been pretty lackluster and inflation there is low. And we’re also watching the U.S. dollar exchange rate. And then finally, we’re also watching the emerging market versus developing market to growth rates in the relatives at differential there.
Heather Balsky: Great. Really appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line at Andrew Steinerman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Andrew Steinerman: Hi, Mark. Could you just tell us the FX effect on second quarter revenues, both from MIS, MA in total? And then if I can ask a second question. Looking at Slide 19, which is MIS slide, it seems like the first time mandate projection, which is now 500 to 600, came down from the projections given in April. And given the more positive view on issuance, I was just hoping you could comment on that dynamic?
Mark Kaye: Absolutely. FX is a pretty pedestrian story this quarter. So the second quarter, MA revenue was favorably impacted by 0.3%. The impact of foreign currency translation on MCO and MIS revenue is immaterial.
Andrew Steinerman: Okay.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Andrew, hi. On the first time mandates, so first time mandates were down pretty meaningfully from the same period last year. I’d say we’ve seen relatively muted first time mandate activity for probably the past four quarters or so. And when you look at I’d call it 2019 and maybe the first half of 2020, so kind of a pre pandemic period. This quarter’s first time mandates were something like two thirds of that average. But this isn’t really, to me, that’s not surprising. So despite the fact that yes, we’re taking up the issuance outlook. The majority of first time mandates tend to come from leveraged loans. And so as that has been softer, we have – we just haven’t seen the same activity around first time mandates. I will say though, it’s interesting, Andrew, we’ve seen a very meaningful uptick in our private engagement. So you may have heard us talk about in the past, we have a suite of products private monitor ratings, private ratings for investors. We have a rating assessment service. Those are up pretty meaningfully. And you heard me mention a number of these issuers have not come to market. So again, we’re seeing some kind of pent-up demand on people waiting for the right time to come to market.
Andrew Steinerman: Perfect. Okay. Thank you very much.
Rob Fauber: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler with Baird. Please go ahead.
Jeff Meuler: Yes. Thank you. Hopefully not too much of a repeat of some prior questions. But as you think about the right pace of spend on AI and GenAI and the whole generational opportunity. I guess what’s the framework for how you think about if you’re going fast enough or not fast enough? And to what extent does it tie back to just the business performance? I guess, what I’m wondering is if there’s upside or outperformance in the core just to what extent we should expect that to be reinvested and for you to go even faster on AI for the next couple of quarters? Thank you.
Rob Fauber: Yes, Jeff, it’s Rob. I’m going to take this in two directions. First, directly to your question, which is that we’re going to – we are engaging, we are starting to engage right now with customers to understand the nature of customer demand with a prototype product or products. And then we are going to think about how much investment do we need to make, how much demand is there? What is the pricing and packaging look like, and how much investment do we need to make to support that? And I mentioned, I think a good bit of that investment actually will end up just being compute. But let me take it back. One, kind of pull the lens back for just a moment because I think there’s a broader question here around, overall MA investment and GenAI is a part of that, is not the only part. And I hope you all; get a very good sense from us that there are some very strong demand drivers for risk assessment. And that also that we believe we’re very well positioned to monetize that demand. And I think you see that translate to the very strong top line growth rates that we have relative to our peer group. And in thinking about what is best for the long term of the business, as long as we see strong market demand and we have a leading set of – market leading set of solutions. We’re going to favor investment to drive top line growth. And there are really three areas that I want to call out for you. One is product development. Increasingly this means the integration of our content into workflow solutions. Like you’ve heard us talk about, commercial real estate into our loan origination offering, ESG into our underwriting offering, Orbis data into our KYC offering. It also includes, Jeff, these investments that we’re making in GenAI enabled products, which we would expect to start delivering revenue growth in 2024 and beyond. But this point about investing in an ongoing product pipeline is very important because it’s critical to how we get both new customer acquisition and also upsell with customers. That’s one. The second is sales deployment. And we have made some big investments in our sales organization over the last couple of years that includes relationship managers that are now organized by customer segment. And that’s helping us with new logos and drive ARR growth. It also includes building out our functions like what we call our industry practice leads, who can help us with more solutions based selling and building out our customer success team who helps with retention and upsell; so that's – that's the second area of investment. And the third is we are platforming MA and we have appointed a chief architect with 20-plus years of experience at Microsoft who is developing an overall technology architectural blueprint and is who – he is building out our platform engineering layer. And if you join us on our call on September 14th, I think you'll have an opportunity to meet with him in the future. But this positions us better for GenAI enablement and commercialization. It enables faster speed to market and a better experience for our customers who use multiple products, and it also gives us better insight into customer behavior. And again that is really important to cross-selling and up-selling. So the GenAI investments are one part of a broader set of investments that we're making to really drive and accelerate top line growth at MA and capture the opportunity that's in front of us.
Jeff Meuler: Very helpful. Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Russell Quelch with Redburn. Please go ahead.
Russell Quelch: Yes. Thanks for having me on. So first question is on MIS, please. I was wondering if the revenues grow back to the levels we saw in 2021 by 2024 or 2025 as projected by consensus, is there any reason why the adjusted operating margin for the business wouldn't move back up to the same level seen in that period two, please?
Mark Kaye: Russell. Good afternoon and thanks for the question. I think maybe implicit in what you're asking is why is the MIS margin not higher than the 55% to 56% that we're guiding to, at least for this year? And the short answer here is the margin outlook includes the higher incentive compensation accruals, which are obviously or naturally going to flex depending on the performance compared to the targets we set at the beginning of the year as well as any incremental investments that we put through for in-flight initiatives including the adoption of AI that we've spoken about this morning. If I think about it more broadly though, the margin guide of 55% to 56% does imply around 370 basis points of uplift compared to our 2022 margin of 51.8%. And if I think about that that could be attributed to around 350 bps associated with increased operating leverage and that's primarily tied to that first half issuance, and that's the part that in theory could carry forward well beyond 2023. Secondly, I'd say is approximately 400 bps related to some of the expense benefits from some of the actions we've taken to lower and control costs. For example, those associated with our restructuring program that we spoke about in prior quarters or additional efficiency initiatives. And then those two are offset by around 380 bps from the incremental organic investments that we're putting through. And some of that relates to Generative AI, and some of that relates to really ensuring that we maintain that best-in-class MIS ratings quality, as well as supporting appropriate hiring merit and promotion increases for our teams.
Russell Quelch: Got you. Okay, that's comprehensive. Thanks Mark. And just as a quick follow up, in terms of research and insights obviously saw a strong step up in growth in recurring revenues there. Can I ask what drove that? How much of that was pricing? Is that new sales? Is that cross sell and upsell? Just any detail you could give to that would be appreciated? Thanks.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Sure, hey Russell. So first of all we continue to see very good retention and strong demand. And interestingly, when we had that period of particular stress in the U.S. banking sector, we saw utilization of our solutions really spike up. And I'd say there are probably three areas that I would point to that are driving growth. One is that point around increased utilization and interestingly we have a suite of predictive analytics, economic forecasts and other kinds of models. There has been an uptick in demand for that. So that's – that's one. And that increased utilization, it supports the retention rates, it supports new sales and it also supports upgrades and price increases. Second, we've made some – we continue to make ongoing enhancements to CreditView. CreditView is our – is our web-based research platform that includes something called ESG View. So we now have another view that we are able to either sell on an a la carte basis or to price behind. So we're including more and more content on credit view that we can use for pricing. ESG is one, example the orders content around corporate structure data is another example. And third, we just – we've seen some very good growth again for the – the suite of analytics in the research area.
Russell Quelch: Great. So thanks Rob. And also really, really welcoming this switch to adding in incremental color on products and strategy on these conference calls rather than just sort of reading back the results to us. So yeah kudos for that and thanks very much.
Rob Fauber: Hey, thanks. I appreciate that feedback. We find that the most valuable way we can spend our time with you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Silber: Thanks so much. I know it's late. I apologize. I've got a two part question on margins. First on MA, in order to hit your margin goal you're expecting some pretty sizable expansion in the second half. Are there any timing issues were there expenses that you incurred in the first half or maybe some efficiencies that you're incurring in the second half if you can comment on that? And then on MIS margins based on the mixed issuance in terms of your new guidance, is there any impact on margins? Is there a difference if you have an IG debt versus structured finance, et cetera?
Mark Kaye: Yes. Good afternoon. Let me take the MA margin from the perspective of a year-to-date and year-to-go onset because I think this will tie in with what you're looking for. So the year-to-date MA adjusted operating margin was 28.4%, and that was about 280 bps lower than the prior year period. And there are two primary themes underlying this decrease. And they should be consistent with what we spoke about in the April earnings call. So first we opportunistically accelerated investment in product, technology, innovation and sales deployment. And that includes the reallocation of expense dollars into our generative AI initiatives. And that really is done with the purpose of allowing us to maximize our ability to meet ongoing customer demand for our solutions. And the second piece is really an element of seasonality, and that relates to both the MA revenue and expenses. And we really try to balance our spending against a full year margin target, which for 2023 is still expanding albeit slightly. So if you take that into account, what we are thinking of for the second half of the year is really for margins to expand by on average 250 to 350 basis points versus the comparable 2022 year ago period. And then that means we're going to incrementally step up in the third quarter, and then we'll have a pretty material step up again in the fourth quarter.
Rob Fauber: Yes. And then, maybe just some quick rules of thumb in terms of how to think about the relative margin or, kind of economic profile of some of the issuance. I would say that if you're in the corporate sector the leverage finance, we tend to get the, a more revenue take on leverage finance than investment grade, because investment grade issuers tend to be on more frequent issuer programs. That's typically the same with FIG. You heard what I said about the, the infrequent insurance issuance. And then in structured the more complex transactions like CMBS and CLOs typically have more favorable economics. But then if I, I'll take a one a different view on it, which is, if you look at new issuers versus existing issuers, so in terms of the work required there's more work that's required for a first-time issuer. So first-time issuers, first-time mandates are great because they build the stock of monitored ratings but they do take more work. Rating in existing issuers, typically more margin-friendly. So when you see a lot of refinancing activity, that may be a little bit more margin-friendly than a lot of first-time issuance.
Jeff Silber: All right. That's very helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Simon Clinch with Atlantic Equities. Please go ahead. 
Simon Clinch: Hi guys. Thanks for squeezing me in here. Rob, I wanted to ask a question about the competitive environments in MA actually. And just I'm conscious of your partnership with NASDAQ and some of the consolidation that's going on there and the number of different competitors that are sort of vying for new different niches of that kind of market that MA is playing in the various markets. I was wondering if you could talk about what you're seeing from a competitive standpoint. Who are you displacing? How fragmented the market is? And how you think that's going to really develop over the next, in your five years or so?
Rob Fauber: Sorry, I might have been on mute. I think the way that we talk about and disclose our businesses is a good way to think about the competitive landscape because in each of those businesses, there are some different players. So for instance, in our research business, we typically will compete against other rating agencies and a handful of kind of more boutique research providers. In the data space, we tend to compete against players like Dun & Bradstreet and others who have big corporate data sets. And then in our Decision Solutions, there are different competitors. So we have different competitors in the banking versus insurance versus KYC space. I will say this though. And while I think we compete with all of them, there is, I think, an element of secret sauce to the way that we compete. And I think it's two things. One is an increasingly interoperable suite of cloud-based solutions. So think about with a bank. You can buy our ALM solution. You can buy our loan origination solution. You can buy our regulatory reporting solution. And guess what? They all run on a connected data set. And since they're cloud-based, they're easy to implement. So that really makes it easier for us to kind of land and expand in these institutions. And the second thing is when I talk about – I mentioned it in my remarks, this idea of this risk operating system, right? It's all of these data sets and analytics and insights that we have that go way beyond credit now, right? It's credit, it's companies, it's people, it's ESG, it's climate, it's commercial properties and on and on. And the reason that is so important is our customers say to us all the time, Hey, I need to be able to integrate. I need to be able to bring in property data, economic forecasts, credit data, ESG scores, physical risk scores relating to climate. And if a customer has to do that themselves, it's very, very challenging, right? A collection of point solutions and disparate data and analytics providers. So this idea that we can provide a multifaceted view of risk and integrate that and deliver that into our solutions is a very powerful selling proposition with our customers. It allows us – increasingly is allowing us to displace certain customers, and it's also creating a wonderful pathway for us to grow existing revenue per customer. So that's why I try to draw that out in our remarks because it's a very important differentiator, we believe. And an important reason, by the way. I know sometimes people discount these awards but it is the reason that we're ranked number one in the Chartis RiskTech Award. They think that is a winning strategy.
Simon Clinch: That's great color. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes Moody's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown and MA LOB historical revenue under the Investor Resources section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay will be made available immediately after the call on the Moody's IR website. Thank you. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-25 15:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Moody’s Corporation First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the Company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers following the presentation. I will now turn the call over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shivani Kak: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I’m Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody’s released its results for the first quarter of 2023 as well as our revised outlook for select metrics for full year 2023. The earnings press release and the presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures referenced during this call in U.S. GAAP. I’d call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today’s remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the Management’s Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and in other SEC filings made by the Company, which are available on our website and on the SEC’s website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. Rob Fauber, Moody’s President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide an overview of our results, key business highlights and outlook; after which, he’ll be joined by Mark Kaye, Moody’s Chief Financial Officer, to answer your questions. I’ll now turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Fauber: Thanks, Shivani. And good afternoon, and thanks to everybody for joining today’s call. As we typically do, I’m going to touch on a few takeaways from our first quarter results and provide some insights into what’s supporting our growth outlook. And this quarter, I’m also going to drill down a little bit on our Decision Solutions line of business in MA as that’s a very important growth area for us. And then of course Mark and I will be happy to take your questions. So, while the first quarter experienced the market turbulence from the stress in the U.S. banking sector and as is frequently the case, this heightened market uncertainty drove some strong demand for both our insights and our risk assessment offerings. And we saw some very strong upticks in usage this quarter. We are also continuing to unlock the potential of MA and its great assets and businesses. And those include one of the world’s premier credit and economics research businesses, a Data & Information business that includes one of the world’s largest databases on companies and our award-winning Decision Solutions businesses serving KYC, banking and insurance workflows. And together, MA delivered 10% ARR growth, as we continue to enhance and extend our mission-critical data analytics and workflow solutions. Now, while MIS revenue declined 11% from a pretty robust first quarter of 2022, as we talked about on prior earnings calls, the anticipated rate of revenue decline did indeed moderate from what we experienced in the third and fourth quarters of last year, as MIS really capitalized on strong investment grade issuance in the first quarter. Improvement in issuance activity combined with our decisive expense actions that we took last quarter, together enabled us to deliver more operating leverage, as reflected by the meaningful increase in MIS’s operating margin to almost 57%. And notably, the adjusted operating margin for the first quarter is up about 500 basis points over the margin for full year 2022. At the same time, we are maintaining financial flexibility, while funding strategic investments in things like product development, sales and go-to-market initiatives, modern cloud-based workflow platforms, data interoperability and accessibility and AI innovation, all to position us for the future. So now let me move on to some of the results. And there are a few key things I want to highlight amongst the performance numbers that you see on the screen. First, MA revenue grew 6%, or 9% on a constant currency basis. ARR grew 10%, and we had solid growth across the board in Data & Information, Research & Insights and Decision Solutions. I’m going to touch on that in a little bit more detail in a few minutes. And as I mentioned just a couple of minutes ago, MIS revenue was down versus a challenging Q1 2022 comparable, before issuance volumes really decelerated through the balance of last year. And corporate finance accounted for most of the decline this quarter, particularly in bank loans, and that was followed by structured finance as we saw some deals delayed amidst the market volatility in the quarter. So, despite overall revenues down 3% in the quarter, our overall adjusted operating margin was 44.6%. That was up approximately 200 basis points versus our full year 2022 margin, again, reflecting the benefit of those cost efficiency initiatives. And adjusted diluted earnings per share was $2.99, and that includes $0.75 of aggregate benefits from the resolution of several outstanding tax matters. So, I mentioned earlier the upticks and usage that we experienced across several products in the first quarter, and on the screen, I think you can get a sense for that. During the recent stress in the banking sector, traffic to our flagship website, moodys.com, was up approximately 20% from the prior year period. And that’s important for a few reasons. First, As you’ve heard me say before, we have got the most experienced analytical teams in the industry, and that is why we have been recognized as the Best Credit Rating Agency by Institutional Investor magazine 11 times in a row. And that experience allows us to be the industry’s thought leader, which is even more important in times of stress and uncertainty, like we experienced in the first quarter. And that thought leadership also drives increased demand for our insights, for our research and for access to our analysts. And together, that all supports our value proposition and our growth opportunity for both ratings and research. Now demand for our solutions during times of stress and uncertainty goes beyond ratings and research. And you can see it across a range of MA offerings. And during the peak period of banking stress last month, usage of our cloud-based asset liability management solution, which enables banks to model and manage their maturity, interest rate and liquidity risk, rose nearly 50%. And with -- as we were witnessing unprecedented deposit flows moving across banks, the use of our screening and risk monitoring KYC solutions grew by almost 30%. We’ve also more than doubled the number of in-person customer sales meetings over the last year. And that’s been supported by investments to expand the size of our sales team by almost 20% since the beginning 2022 and you have heard us talk about that on these calls. And together, the increased usage and the sales engagement give us confidence in our full year low double-digit ARR growth outlook for MA. Now, this past quarter, MA delivered 10% ARR growth, which as I mentioned was consistent and strong across all lines of business. I’ll start with Data & Information. That includes Orbis, one of the world’s largest databases on companies plus our ratings and news feeds and 300 million ESG scores, that grew ARR at around 9%. And in addition to the very strong standalone demand for private company data in Orbis, it’s the integration of this data across MA’s offerings that’s helping to drive growth in other lines of business. And this includes the integration of Orbis company data into our CreditLens lending solution for banks and the integration of our ESG scores into insurance and banking underwriting and portfolio solutions. Now moving to Research & Insights, which includes our leading credit and economic research business and a growing suite of predictive analytics also grew ARR by 9% this quarter. And we are seeing some strong and sustained demand for our economic data, research and models, particularly amidst the stress in and I guess I would say around the banking sector. And this includes our new EDF-X platform, which combines our award winning risk models with Orbis to analyze credit risk for any company in the world. And we recently completed the integration of EDF-X alongside CreditView into the moodys.com gateway, which provides direct access to a growing suite of Moody’s products, and enhances our customers’ experience and enables further cross-selling opportunities. And finally, Decision Solutions, which includes our businesses serving KYC, insurance and banking workflows, grew ARR by 11%. And given this is our fastest growing segment, I want to provide just a little bit more visibility into these offerings and what is driving growth. And these are really three great businesses, because they support mission-critical workflows across financial institutions. And the virtuous cycle of data network effects and the high switching costs, translate into industry-leading retention rates, which are typically in the low to mid-90s. And we’ve discussed our KYC business on earnings calls before. This business supports customer onboarding, perpetual KYC monitoring and sanction screening on customer suppliers, and other third parties. And strong growth in this area has been driven by our ability to cover really all aspects of KYC and anti money laundering activity, bringing together our vast datasets on companies and people, plus AI enabled risk intelligence, and cloud based workflow orchestration that’s delivered through our new PassFort Lifecycle platform. So moving on to insurance, the addition of RMS has now given us a considerable business serving underwriting risk and capital management and regulatory reporting workflows at insurers and reinsurers. And, like banks, insurance companies are moving towards greater automation and digitization, as well as the integration of more third party data and analytics to enhance their risk management processes. And the RMS intelligent risk platform is really a cutting edge cloud based platform that supports a growing range of workflow and data and modeling capabilities for insurers. And the latest product launched on this platform is our new Climate on Demand solution. That integrates RMS’ climate and physical risk models with our extensive Orbis and commercial property datasets to provide a sophisticated on-demand financial quantification of physical risk that enables a holistic view into a company’s exposure to extreme weather events and climate change through its customers, suppliers and properties. And not only will this be useful for insurance underwriting, but we’re seeing robust demand for this beyond the insurance sector, including with banks, corporates, governmental entities and professional services, as we expected when we announced the deal almost two years ago. So, third is our business serving banking workflows, which are quite similar actually to those served in insurance? They include lending, risk management, incorporating credit portfolio and asset liability management risk and financing planning, which includes things like impairment, accounting, and regulatory capital reporting. And our most significant recent product launch in the space and one that is contributing to our double-digit ARR growth in banking was CreditLens for commercial real estate, which you’ve heard me talk about on prior calls. And that integrates our market forecasts, our commercial property data with our SaaS lending solution, CreditLens. And it really significantly extends our ability to serve the commercial real estate lending market. And stepping back what sets our offerings apart from many of our competitors is that it’s not simply software, but instead we deliver integration of our proprietary data and analytics through modern cloud based architecture. And this is further enabled by the use of sophisticated machine learning and artificial intelligence across many of our solutions, including our automated financial spreading platform, and our KYC AI review, which help customers be even more effective and more efficient. And it’s that combination of data analytics, cloud based tech and innovation that powered us to the number one ranking in Chartis RiskTech100 back in November. So let me talk just briefly about how this translates to a typical customer relationship. And in this case, it’s a top 50 regional bank in the United States. And as I mentioned, our workflow solutions combining data analytics and cloud based software help banks really throughout their value chain, interconnecting what are often siloed use cases across departments from lending to risk management to finance and planning. And it’s common for us to start by serving one of those use cases and then to extend -- expand the relationship over time as the bank looks to connect its various functions leveraging our interconnected data, models and solutions. So, our customer with this particular -- excuse me, our relationship with this particular customer started back in 2019, when they began to use our models, and that includes the EDF model that I just talked about, as foundational capabilities to really create a common language of risk in the institution. And in this case, they deployed our models to support a new internal risk rating program that enabled quantitative unbiased and consistent internal practices for credit assessment across the bank. And over the next two years, we deepened that relationship by providing the bank with a workflow solution that leverage these models, and combined economic data and business analytics models with our impairment studio software to upgrade their current expected credit loss or you’ve heard us say, CECL on these calls, to upgrade those processes. And in 2022, again, leveraging some of the same data and analytics capabilities, we broadened the relationship further to support their lending needs through a combination of our AI-enabled spreading tool and our CreditLens loan origination software that includes credit score. We did the same to support their forecasting and stress testing needs, bringing together another 5 Moody’s products and drawing on some of the data and analytics the bank was using elsewhere. And this resulted in expanded licensing of several existing products but also subscriptions for new products. And in just 3 years, we’ve -- 3, 4 years, we’ve grown the ARR from this relationship fivefold. And as you can see on the far right, this ARR then shows up in different MA lines of businesses with 65% Decision Solutions and 35% in Research & Insights but really all for the same customer for a set of lending, risk and capital management and finance and planning use cases. And there’s still further potential and we’re in active discussions with this bank about supporting their KYC needs. So, this is really just one of really hundreds of instances of how we’ve expanded relationships with our banking customers in recent years and accelerated growth by offering comprehensive solutions that leverage capabilities across all three MA lines of business and really more broadly across all of Moody’s. And that is our integrated risk strategy at work. That is what makes our solutions so valuable and so sticky. So, let me move to MIS for a moment. Issuance was stronger in the first quarter of 2023 compared with the fourth quarter of 2022. And while volatility and uncertainty constrained the structured and bank loan markets, we did see robust activity in the investment-grade sector. And in the first quarter, issuance represented almost 30% of our full year outlook, which is a pretty typical historical seasonality pattern. And as you can see, growth was higher for investment grade and lower for leveraged finance. As we said on our last earnings call, we would expect markets to open up with higher-quality credits before those further down the credit rating spectrum such as high-yield and bank loan issuers, and that is, in fact, what we saw in the first quarter. If markets continue to improve, we’d expect to see leveraged finance issuance pick up. And the degree to which that happens is going to be based on a number of factors, and that includes macroeconomic risks and policy actions, market sentiment and credit spreads and economic growth and private equity activity, among other things. So staying on MIS just for a moment, over the course of the last several months, we’ve gotten a number of questions about MIS’s growth drivers, especially over the longer term. So, Mark and I thought it would be helpful to talk about how we think about the building blocks to MIS revenue growth over the long term. And while the short- to medium-term outlook can be impacted by cyclical factors, the long-term growth algorithm, as we like to think of it, for MIS revenue, we believe, remains firmly intact. And first and foremost, debt issuance growth over the longer term is driven by global GDP growth as issuers invest and grow their businesses. And we expect global GDP growth in the 2% to 3% range over the long term, and that’s in line with historical average over several decades. Second, the value proposition for ratings remains firmly intact, particularly for MIS ratings. And that supports an annual pricing opportunity consistent with the broader opportunity across all of Moody’s in the 3% to 4% range. And third, there are long-term tailwinds from the ongoing development of capital markets around the world. And this includes slow and steady levels of disintermediation in developed markets like Europe, as well as higher rates of growth in smaller capital markets in developing countries. And together, this gives a sense for what we believe is the long-term growth profile of this business. While I acknowledge over shorter time horizons, the growth rate may be above, below or within this band, depending on the nature of the headwinds and tailwinds that we’re showing at the bottom of the page. So I hope that gives you a sense of how we’re thinking about growth and how that may triangulate with our medium-term outlook. And as we look toward the rest of the year, we’re confident in the prospects for our business. That’s supported by strong demand for our solutions and our expertise and a robust product development pipeline. So, we’re reaffirming the majority of our guidance with select updates to expenses as well as our diluted and adjusted diluted EPS metrics. GAAP diluted EPS and adjusted diluted EPS are now expected to be between $8.45 and $8.95, and $9.50 and $10, respectively. So to close, I want to acknowledge that our growth and resilience as a firm rests on the shoulders of our people across the Company, and I want to thank them for their continued commitment and efforts and dedication to serving our customers, to supporting each other and to delivering for our shareholders. So, this concludes my prepared remarks, and Mark and I would be happy to take your questions. Over to you, operator.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: Good afternoon. And thank you for taking my question. So last quarter, Mark, you provided the seasonality of the P&L in detail. We appreciate your help and it was very helpful. Could you please do the same and give us an update this quarter? Thank you.
Mark Kaye: Owen, good afternoon, and very happy to do that. Our central case assumption is that the near-term capital market activity is going to continue to be impacted by some of the recent stresses we’ve seen in the banking sector as well as sort of those ongoing inflationary and recessionary concerns before improving as we progress into the latter half of the year. While we have to acknowledge that there’s been strong sequential improvement in issuance volumes from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, we remain cautiously optimistic and are thus maintaining our full year MIS revenue guidance of low to mid-single-digit percent growth. Based on the strong first quarter investment grade and infrequent financial institution issue activity, we have slightly derisked our year-to-go forecast. We now expect first half MIS revenue to decline in the mid- to high single-digit percent range and second half MIS revenue growth in the mid to high teens percent range. And that’s, again, based on our expectation for market volatility to partially abate in the latter half of 2023. It’s also worth noting that this outlook is now more in line with the historical seasonality where the proportion of transaction revenue tends to be greater in the first half versus the second half of the year. We’re also pleased to reaffirm our expectation for full year 2023 MA revenue to increase by approximately 10%. It’s too early to assess if there are any near-term headwinds related to the disruption resulting from or in the banking sector. And as you heard from Rob, we are experiencing increased product utilization, customer engagement of our risk solutions during this period of financial market uncertainty. And given that MA revenue is highly recurring, approximately 94%, we still expect absolute dollar MA revenue to progressively increase over the course of the year, with second half revenue growth anticipated to be slightly stronger vis-à-vis the first half. That means we’re forecasting MA’s second quarter adjusted operating margin to be flattish to our actual Q1 results before improving in the second half of the year and as we fully realize the benefits of our restructuring program and additional cost-saving initiatives. On total Moody’s operating expenses, the guide here is for an increase in the lower end of the mid-single-digit percent range. It’s revised just slightly upwards on the expanded restructuring-related charges as well as our expectation for sort of a modest FX headwind. And then finally, we don’t anticipate the future resolution of uncertain tax positions to sort of reoccur to the same extent in future quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Nicholas with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Andrew Nicholas: I wanted to ask a little bit more specifically on the impact from SVB and kind of the broader banking sector turmoil on the sales pipeline in MA. I think, Mark, you just said that it was a little bit too early to tell, but if there are any color you could provide on anything outside of usage increases. It seems like that would bring in additional sales opportunities but also understanding that some of these end markets or these clients would have other things that they’re focused on spending money on in the near term. Any additional color on how you’re thinking about that would be great.
Rob Fauber: Andrew, it’s Rob. I’m actually going to take a crack at this. I’m going to kind of zoom out just for a moment because we were kind of thinking about what went on in March with the banking sector across kind of three dimensions. And the first, it was a very active period for our rating teams, as you’d imagine. Just to give you a sense, we rate about 800 banks globally, and that includes about 65 regional banks in the United States. So, there was a pretty intense period of credit work and market engagement as you’d expect, and you saw kind of the uptick in usage for our research. We also then thought about what could that mean in regards to MIS issuance. And January and February were stronger issuance months than March. We did see a bit of a slowdown in the markets for sure in the month of March, and we tried to think about how do we extrapolate that out for the balance of the year. Ultimately, we decided not to change the issuance outlook for the year. And then third, kind of zooming in on your question around MA. Again, just to give you a sense, we’ve got relationships with over 2,500 banks or so globally. And I would say we have not yet seen any meaningful slowdown in sales cycles. But I think we’re mindful of this, right? As you’d expect, banks are evaluating what kinds of investments they want to make and when they want to make them. We’re also keeping an eye on bank consolidation. And I’ve gotten questions before about the impact in the financial crisis. And that was one of the things that we cited was it’s consolidation of banks that can lead to some attrition events for us or some downgrades. And so that’s something we are keeping an eye on. Obviously, we had a little bit of idiosyncratic attrition here with a few of these bank failures. But I think over the -- kind of over the medium term, our view is that there’s going to be heightened demand for bank risk management. There will be new regulation that is going to stimulate further demands for our products and services. So while we’re keeping an eye on things at the moment, I would say over the medium term, we feel like this will actually be a supportive factor for growth.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Kevin McVeigh with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Kevin McVeigh: Great. Thanks so much. And congratulations on the results. I don’t know if this is for Mark, but just can we go back to the margins? I mean, just a ton of operating leverage and maybe -- I know some of it is restructuring, but maybe just give a sense of what’s driving the outcome on the leverage over the course of the year. Maybe just a little bit deeper on Moody’s and kind of the MA and MIS, if you could, Mark.
Mark Kaye: Kevin, I’ll talk at the Moody’s level for margin, and I’ll give some insight into how the full year is progressing and certainly happy to take other questions on MA margin later on in the call. So as a management team, we’re committed to improving Moody’s margin and accelerating the top line growth here. Our guidance for the full year is for an adjusted operating margin in the range of 44% to 45%. And that implies around 200 basis points of margin expansion at the midpoint. And that reflects our view that the cyclical market disruption we experienced last year as well as some of the concerns in the banking sector, they’re likely to abate over the coming months. And in addition, over the past several months, to the point you made, we have taken prudent yet aggressive actions firmwide to streamline our expense base. And we’ve done that while concurrently ensuring sufficient investment and resources to maintain the high ratings quality within MIS as well as to support innovation and organic investment in MA as we execute on our strategic road maps. So if I translated that into numbers using our actual Q1 results as a baseline, for the full year 2023, you could expect approximately 100 to 150 basis points related to increased operating leverage from both MA and MIS, and that’s net of ongoing hiring activities and strategic investments; approximately 350 to 400 basis points related to the expense benefits from some of those actions we’ve taken to lower and control costs associated with either real estate rationalization, reduction in staff or other efficiency initiatives; and then with the partial offset there of approximately 300 basis points from incremental costs associated with the annual salary and promotional increases as well as a reset of our incentive compensation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Toni Kaplan: I wanted to ask the MA ARR question a little bit differently. I wanted to understand the sort of sustainability of double-digit ARR growth, how you see that playing out. Great usage numbers that you gave, that was really helpful. Is there a component of price that is linked to usage or is it more that in your negotiations on price, you sort of point to usage and try to drive price that way? And then also just how you see the sustainability of the growth continuing, just if you do see budget tightening or cutting back, how has that sort of been in the past during challenging times for your customers? Thanks.
Rob Fauber: Hey Toni, it’s Rob. I’ll take that one. So two parts to it, sustainability and then how do we -- how does that also kind of translate and supported by price. Let me start with just some key secular trends that are driving growth across our business. And these are what we call kind of selling themes and how we engage with our customers. So the first of those -- and they’re really four. The first of them is digital transformation. And many, many, many of our customers are going through a digital transformation in all parts of their institution. And so we play an important role in helping institutions do that. As you’ve heard me say before, you heard me say on this call, it’s about becoming more effective and more efficient. The second is around really kind of a company 360-degree view of risk. And gosh, I’ve had a lot of these discussions with our customers recently, where they say, we’re just trying to get a better understanding of the various dimensions of any given counterparty that we’re doing business with, whether it’s a customer, a supplier, someone they’re making a loan to, someone they’re investing in. And so we’ve got a great opportunity to help them with that company 360-degree view of risk. Third is around regulation. There are -- when you serve, and we -- obviously, financial services is a big part of the customers that we serve, there’re constantly new rules and regulations that are being imposed on the industry. They’re evolving in many different ways. And our customers are looking to us to help them with regulatory compliance. And a lot of our solutions do that. And the fourth is we’re having more and more conversations around how to think about integrating climate and ESG into various different kinds of workflows. And I would say in climate in particular, where there’s a real need and desire to really understand the financial quantification of exposure to weather and climate change, and you heard me mention that on the call. So the great thing is we’re having these conversations with our customers and it’s bring -- and you heard me give that example of that bank in my opening remarks. We’re bringing together products and solutions that help our customers address a range of these kinds of challenges. So we feel good about our positioning and the medium-term growth drivers that are underpinned by this. Now, as it relates specifically to pricing, we talk about, in MA, an approach to value-based pricing. So we want our customers to drive a lot of value out of our products. We have customer success teams that support the usage and utility that our customers get out of those solutions. That, in turn, both translates into supporting ongoing pricing increases as well as upgrades across the institution. That is generally how we think about it.
Mark Kaye: And Toni, this may have been implicit in the question you were asking, but part of the reason we introduced ARR in the first quarter of last year is that it’s a fabulous leading indicator of performance because by design, it provides that 12-month forward-looking view into our growth trajectory and thus also progress towards achieving our medium-term targets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm: Just wanted to come back to the regional bank discussion from earlier. I heard your comments on MA. I probably agree that it could be an opportunity in the future. But would also ask that same question on MIS. Maybe it’s not as simple of an answer. But if regional banks are having more stress, more regulations to them -- coming to them, just wondering if you think there could be an opportunity actually that some of that bank lending actually goes into the capital markets like we’ve seen over many decades, and you cited it for Europe but maybe even in the U.S. Now, I understand their lending is a little bit more smaller ticket sizes, right, mid-market, but wondering if there could be some opportunities there. And then also maybe even some opportunities in structured as some of these banks are trying to figure out how to deal with these new regulations coming down the pipe potentially. So, any early looks would be great.
Rob Fauber: Hey Alex, it’s Rob. I think that’s a reasonable thesis and it’s probably too early to tell. Like I said, we haven’t adjusted the issuance outlook at this time, either up or down in regards to that. But that’s certainly one of the things that we’re considering is as banks -- the opportunity to turn to the capital markets as a funding source, particularly in the U.S. but also in Europe. And so that may -- we may actually see an uptick in issuance. We may also -- that may also drive further disintermediation, right, as -- not only as banks are turning to capital markets for funding sources but as the borrowers themselves are turning to capital markets. So that’s something I think we’re going to watch, Alex, but probably a little too early to call.
Alex Kramm: Fair enough. We’ll watch it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ashish Sabadra: I just wanted to focus more on the banking vertical than in MA. I was wondering if it’s possible to quantify how big your exposure is and particularly on the regional banking side. And then obviously, you talked about the increased focus on risk management being positive over the midterm. But I was just wondering how hard your conversations or the sales conversations trending with those banks? Are we seeing increased focus of risk management even in the near term? Thanks.
Mark Kaye: This is Mark here. In terms of the overall quantification of the banking business, last year for banking-related products that we sold were around $400 million. That would have been around 14% of the MA. You could anticipate continuing to see ongoing growth of products that we sell to banks, which extend per the comments you heard from Rob this morning, not just banking-related products themselves. And the focus that we have in and especially in the banking space, really extends across those three primary segments, sort of the origination of that credit, the ability for asset liability management and then finally, to support finance and risk-related reporting. And the idea that banks themselves can use that data and analytics not just within individual departments within those disciplines but across the firm really creates very high switching costs and allows our data to be embedded ultimately into the network that the banks have.
Rob Fauber: Yes. And maybe I’ll just add to that. Kind of in the immediate term, obviously, we highlighted the increased usage that we saw in our products, but we were literally doing kind of daily stand-ups where we were in touch with our banking customers and prospective customers around a few different themes. And one, as you can imagine, our banking customers were in a period and still are of enhanced kind of credit and counterparty monitoring. And there, we’ve got obviously a number of tools that can help. We have a set of asset liability management solutions. And I noted the significant increase in usage by our existing customers, but that also gave us an opportunity to engage in a number of new discussions. And then third is around KYC. And while it’s hard for banks to deploy a new KYC solution kind of in the span of a week, just given what was going on, we’ve seen an ability to have an increased conversation around KYC at a broader set of financial institutions. So in general, there are some immediate term opportunities and we see some medium-term opportunities.
Ashish Sabadra: That’s great. Congrats on solid results.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
George Tong: It appears MIS outperformed your expectations in the first quarter, but your full year guide was reiterated. How much does this reflect conservatism versus a more moderate issuance outlook for the remainder of the year, perhaps to reflect aftershocks from the regional banking crisis at the end of the first quarter? Could you talk about some of the issuance trends you’re seeing real-time?
Rob Fauber: Yes. George, it’s Rob. I’ll start. I mentioned and we showed in our webcast deck that the first quarter issuance through March was roughly 29% of our full year outlook. And I mentioned also, that’s pretty consistent with the average that we’ve seen over roughly a 10-year period, excluding the pandemic and last year. Our expectations going into this year, we’re probably somewhere closer to 25%. So by not taking up our issuance outlook, I think, George, you could kind of think of that as derisking our issuance outlook for the rest of the year a bit. But that feels reasonable, given just the seasonality patterns that I just talked about. And I would also say, George, there are a couple pretty straightforward reasons that we didn’t take up or adjust, let’s say, the issuance guidance. One, yes, there were some green shoots, but I think we just decided it’s just too early for us to change our full year issuance outlook. January and February were good months. March was choppy. And second, we’ve got plenty of headline risk with three quarters to go. We saw that in March with the banking sector. We still got the debt ceiling to navigate. So we just thought it was -- it’s too early to make a change. And I guess just kind of then thinking about what are we seeing at the moment, I’d say markets are pretty constructive. We’re going to see how corporate earnings all shake out and what the appetite is going to be for M&A. The market feels more optimistic in late April than it did in March. M&A has been sporadic. You’ve seen it more in defensive sectors. But it does feel like there’s some pent-up demand. We’re hearing bankers talk about pipelines building for the second half of the year into 2024. And look, issuance -- investment-grade issuance, while it started off quite strong, it did slow down in mid-March, given what was going on with the banks. And so, we’ll see in early May. We’ve got, I think, a fair bit of economic data that’s going to come out. And if that goes well, we may see a pickup in issuance from corporates. And the last thing I would say, George, is the banks have -- there have been windows that have allowed the banks to start clearing some of the big LBO backlog that they had sitting on their balance sheet. And so, that’s important to kind of unsticking those markets. So again, constructive tone but we’ll see.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Silber: I wanted to focus a little bit more about some of the uncertainty going on in the banking sector but maybe take it to the next level. I know there’s a lot of concern about the impact on the commercial real estate sector. I know you’ve got exposure there in both lines of your businesses. Can we just talk about what’s going on there?
Rob Fauber: Yes. Let me tackle this. So Jeff, first of all, good to have you on the call. Let me tackle this maybe two ways. One, just kind of how we’re thinking about the U.S. banking system; and then second, I think there’s a question about kind of what’s going on with bank lending and just give you maybe a little bit of insight into that. But on the first, MIS put some great research out on this and has been, so I would steer you to that. But a few things that our teams are focused on. They’re focused on ALM risks. They’re focused on stability of deposit funding, profitability pressures, and as you mentioned, Jeff, commercial real estate exposure. And when we think about what’s going on with lending standards, I think it’s fair to assume that bank lending standards are tightening. I think that was already going on to some extent before March. The banks are going to be the most cautious around property, land, development loans and commercial real estate more broadly, in particular, I think the office sector. Just to put it in perspective, today, U.S. banks hold about half of the U.S. commercial real estate debt outstanding. And I think smaller banks are more concentrated in commercial real estate as a percent of total capital than the larger banks. So I think you are going to see some caution there for sure. In terms of corporate credit, I would expect the tightening to be felt at the smaller end of businesses. You’re seeing that with some of the survey data that’s come out in March. When you think about commercial loans, credit cards, auto and personal loans, those will probably be less impacted just because a lot of that lending is done outside the banking system. And same with mortgage lending, while it’s impacted by interest rates, rising rates, I think it will be less impacted by what’s going on with bank lending standards, given that a lot of it’s been backstopped. So you got a sense of our exposure to banks overall. We have a business serving commercial real estate. And I will say there’s a lot of interest from banks to really get high-quality data and analytics and insights to help them really understand what they need to do around that asset class.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Can you please touch on your outlook for bank loans versus high yield here for the remainder of the year? What’s embedded in your outlook for debt issuance? I do want to ask you, your incentive compensation numbers for the quarter and also for all four quarters for last year, what was that, please?
Rob Fauber: Yes. So, we haven’t changed any of the outlook. So for leveraged finance, we’re looking at high yield, up 25% and leveraged loans still remaining roughly flat. And I gave you a little bit of color on kind of what we’re seeing in the market. Hopefully, that gives you some sense.
Mark Kaye: And in the first quarter of 2023, our incentive comp was $89 million compared to $76 million in the prior year period. Also just look, Craig, that we’re now including commissions as part of our incentive compensation figures that we provide as sales-based commissions have actually grown alongside revenues relative to historical levels. So put it in context, for the full year of 2023, we expect incentive compensation to be between $340 million and $360 million or approximately $85 million to $90 million per quarter for the remainder of the year. And that is 15% higher at the midpoint than the total incentive compensation we accrued for in the comparable full year period in 2022, and that’s simply a result of resetting our incentive comp baseline for the year based on annual financial targets. And just because I have the mic for a second, on the expense side, I wanted to get out the updated expense ramp of between $10 million and $30 million between the first and second quarter of this year, with expenses remaining relatively stable then through the rest of the year.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Craig, the one other thing maybe I’ll add just in thinking about our outlook, which is unchanged is just maybe how can you think about puts and takes just around leveraged finance. And I think in general, leveraged finance probably represents the potential for the most upside to our outlook. Just if we -- if these markets start functioning robustly again, my sense is there’s lots of dry powder and pent-up demand. We might see an uptick in sponsor-driven M&A activity. We don’t have a particularly -- we don’t have an aggressive forecast for M&A built into our outlook. So if we see that pick up, we could see some upside to how we’re thinking about it.
Craig Huber: Mark, what were those incentive comp numbers for all the quarters for all of last year? Thanks guys.
Mark Kaye: No problem. Incentive compensation for 2022 was as follows: approximately $76 million in the first quarter; $66 million, second; $81 million, third; and $82 million in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Steinerman with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Andrew Steinerman: It’s Andrew. I went to today’s slide 12 and I added up the three growth drivers, and this is for kind of aggregate MIS, long-term revenue growth and I got 6% to 9%. I was hoping that that was the right thing to do to add the three together. I was wondering for the 6% to 9% long-term MIS growth, when you say long term, what’s your timeframe for long term? And then kind of lastly, I want to make sure that the medium-term numbers that you gave us in January, that’s kind of 5-year MIS revenue growth of low singles to mid-singles is still in place.
Mark Kaye: So, our long-term MIS revenue growth algorithm doesn’t have a set base here, so we’re not looking to define either the base here or the end period from which future performance could be extrapolated. Instead, the model is focused much more on historically well-established trends that we believe will be relevant in the long term and contribute ultimately to revenue growth. On the medium side, we’re really looking at that 3- to 5-year window, and we’re really reflecting the MIS revenue projection over that defined period of time. And then lastly, we are not withdrawing medium-term MIS revenue guidance.
Andrew Steinerman: And that’s true of all the medium-term numbers that were given in January, right?
Mark Kaye: That is correct.
Rob Fauber: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Faiza Alwy: So, I just -- I wanted to follow up on the expenses, the ramp-up, Mark. And apologies if I missed this, but I noticed that you increased your expense guide to up mid-single digits from low single digits. Can you give us a sense of like what’s driving that and which particular segment is that coming from? Because you haven’t changed the margin outlook for any of the segments?
Mark Kaye: So, we expect the full year 2023 operating expenses to increase at the lower end of the mid-single-digit range. And you are absolutely right, that is above our prior forecast of low single-digit percent growth or the higher end of low single-digit percent growth. The primary driver for this, I’d call it, slight revision is really the expansion of our restructuring program and updates to foreign exchange rate assumptions. And given from an adjusted basis, which is what the margins are really computed off of, we would back out that restructuring piece. I also wanted to note, the operating expense segment guidance would be along the lines of a low to mid-single-digit percent decline in MIS and are very consistent with what we said in January and then a high single-digit percent growth in MA, also consistent with what we said in January.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler with Baird. Please go ahead.
Jeff Meuler: On KYC, just as you think about the sustainability of the long-term growth, how do you think about TAM or market penetration? I guess, 1,700-plus existing customers that you cite on the website, that seems awfully low to me at least. And then in the near term, with PassFort Lifecycle, just help us understand how far along you are with clients upgrading to it, and if the upgrade cycle’s really significant to near-term revenue trends. Thank you.
Operator: Speakers, you may be on mute.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Sorry, indeed, we were. It was such a great answer, too. Sorry. So maybe a couple of ways to think about that. One, I think there is an opportunity for us to continue to really drive penetration of the addressable market. You talked about PassFort. And that is really the front end, the workflow for us. So now we’ve got an opportunity, like we do in banking and insurance, we’ve got a workflow platform that now allows us to integrate our data, our analytics, our models all into a holistic solution. And so, that’s a new opportunity for us, and we’re seeing a good bit of enthusiasm from our customers around us. As you think about the growth drivers within the market, I’d say there are a couple of things. One, there’s still a lot of KYC that’s being done in-house at financial institutions and companies. So there’s just, I think, a very big opportunity to automate KYC, workflow within financial institutions. That still remains a significant opportunity. But the other thing that’s going on is this is broadening from know-your-customer to know-your-counterparty. And eventually, I’m going to have to come up with a better name. One of the trends we’re seeing is around, I’d say, more broadly around third-party risk management. So this is -- I want to do some form of diligence to better understand who I’m doing business with. We’re certainly seeing that with supply chain where customers are coming to us and saying, "hey, while we don’t have all the pieces, we do give customers the ability to get a much better sense of supplier risk." And so, that’s one thing that’s, I think, kind of broadening this market and supporting growth. In fact, we just did a survey about something like 70% of firms that we surveyed were increasing their focus and spend in the space around supply chain. So, hopefully that gives you a sense.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Russell Quelch with Redburn. Please go ahead.
Russell Quelch: I wanted to start with a question on pricing and to what degree you expect that to be a driver of growth in 2023, particularly in MIS. I was wondering if that would be above the 3% to 4%, given there’s the long-term projection on slide 12.
Rob Fauber: Yes. So Russell, it’s Rob. There is really kind of no change to, I think, either the pricing opportunity or our approach to pricing either in MIS or MA. And let me just kind of recap for just a second. On some of our previous calls, I did mention in MIS, as we do every year, last year, we conducted a detailed review of our pricing across sectors and regions. Again, that’s what we always do. Based on that work, we anticipated that the rate of increase in list prices for 2023 would reflect a bit more of an increase. That said, our actual pricing realization really, as it always does, then depends on issuance mix because we do not just apply an increase kind of ratably across the entire customer base. So, I can’t really get into more detail than that. I’m sure you can appreciate that but I am comfortable with our pricing opportunity for 2023 within that broader 3% to 4% opportunity across the firm.
Russell Quelch: Okay. Thanks. Yes, this might be a silly one but let’s go for it. You spoke to ESG and climate integration as being kind of 1 of your 4 structural growth drivers for the business. And we just heard from one of your peers that growth in this area is being negatively impacted by politics in the U.S. in the near term. I appreciate your business and solutions are servicing a slightly different user base for a slightly different use case. But are you seeing a similar near-term negative impact on new sales growth here?
Rob Fauber: Yes. Russell, I think this is why we’re trying to be really clear about what do our ESG and climate solutions really measure. And I almost feel like there’s a little bit of an ESG 2.0 moment going on across the industry because that’s what customers are asking. What do your scores actually measure? So let me start with what we’re doing in the rating agency. You’ve heard me talk about, we’ve rolled out over 10,000, and the name is important, Credit Impact Scores. So we have met with all of our issuers and had a dialogue with them about how E, S, and G factors impact their credit profile. We’ve been very clear because that’s something that investors wanted to understand. So there’s a very clear linkage between those scores and how we think about credit rating. And they’re not new. We have always considered ESG factors in credit ratings. It’s just we haven’t made it as transparent as we are now doing. The second thing is there’s a desire to really integrate ESG and climate considerations into a broad range of processes all around the firm. And one thing that we’ve heard from our customers is, hey, I need to get a sense of my supply chain, but I’ve got 30,000 entities that -- or customers, tens and tens and tens of thousands of entities. So it’s not just scores on public companies, but it’s how do I get a better sense, a quick and dirty sense of the ESG profile of who I’m doing business with, of who my suppliers are. And the third thing I would say, Russell, is -- and this is in part why we made the significant investment in RMS is because I think there is a lot of immediacy around understanding the impact of extreme weather and climate change on physical risk. So, there’s two things our customers we hear a lot about. Please help us understand and quantify physical risk relating to weather and climate, and please help us understand the financial implications of carbon transition. And so again, that is the positioning that we’re taking is really focusing on the financial quantification of those factors for our customers and then integrating that into a broad range of the workflows that we support for our customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McVeigh with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Kevin McVeigh: Just one quick follow-up. Wonder if you could just refresh your thoughts on buyback, particularly given it seems like there’s some incremental cash flow from some of the tax benefit you show in the quarter, but just any thoughts around the buyback?
Mark Kaye: Thanks, Kevin. So, our capital planning and allocation strategy is unchanged. We are committed as a management team to anchoring our financial leverage around a BBB+ rating. And as I’ve spoken about before, we believe that’s appropriate balance between ensuring ongoing financial flexibility and lowering the cost of capital. However, given that our gross leverage as of quarter end is above that 2.5 times, we are continuing to be prudent in managing our leverage and liquidity levels and ensuring financial flexibility. So practically, that means we’re maintaining, for now, our slightly more conservative approach to share repurchase guidance in 2023. We still plan to return approximately $800 million of global free cash flow or about 53% at the midpoint of our projected free cash flow guidance range to our stockholders. That, of course, is subject to available cash, market conditions, M&A opportunities, other ongoing capital allocation. And if I broke that down into subcomponents, that would be $250 million approximately in share repo, and that’s inclusive of the $41 million we did in the first quarter as well as to distribute approximately $550 million in dividends through a quarterly dividend of $0.77 per share, which is 10% higher than the first quarter 2022 quarterly dividend. And then one final but important point I just wanted to highlight is we still have approximately $800 million in total share repurchase authorization remaining. And that gives us some flexibility to evaluate our full year 2023 share repurchase guidance while continuing to monitor the operating environment as it develops.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Manav Patnaik: I just wanted to follow up on your earlier comments on RMS and ESG as well. But just on ESG, could you just remind us what your total ESG revenues were at the end of last year and this quarter and the growth rates? And then, something similar on RMS. I know you gave some qualitative color, but just as a total RMS, like how is that growth rate doing versus when you first acquired it?
Rob Fauber: Manav, let me start with RMS, and I’ll just kind of recap 2022 and how we’re thinking about 2023. But in general, I would say we feel very good about our ongoing synergy and integration efforts. And we are very excited about the value of the data, the analytics and the expertise of the team. So last year, we achieved mid-single-digit sales growth. That was what we were targeting. This year, inclusive of synergies, and those are important, we expect to get that sales growth to high single digit for the year. I would also -- while we’re on the topic of RMS, we’ve also invested to accelerate the build-out of that intelligent risk cloud-based platform that I mentioned. And the reason -- one of the reasons that’s so important is, when we’re rolling out something like Climate on Demand, where there’s a lot of near-term customer demand for something like that by having that cloud-based platform, it was very easy for us to roll that out and get that launched. We’ve also been able to launch our ESG for underwriting offering, and we’re just in the process now -- we just had our first customer win for a new net zero underwriting module. So you heard me talk about understanding physical risk, integrating ESG, understanding the impact of carbon transition. All three of those things are things that are supporting both -- that we’re doing in terms of product development and supporting sales growth at RMS.
Mark Kaye: For the full year 2023, we’re projecting ESG and climate-related revenues to also increase in that high-single-digit percent range and that would be off of the actual 2022 full year results of $189 million.
Rob Fauber: And Manav, one other thing I’ll steer everybody to. In a couple of weeks, we’ve got our annual conference called Exceedance. I think it’s the second week of May. And so, if you want to learn a little bit more about what RMS is doing, we’re going to have several important product launches and partnerships that we’re going to announce that week. So, that’s a good opportunity for people to dial in and learn more.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question will come from the line of Simon Clinch with Atlantic Equities. Please go ahead.
Simon Clinch: A lot of my questions have been answered, but I wanted to follow up on a question cash flows and buybacks because obviously, as issuance, issuance [Technical Difficulty] with upside as some of you expect, I guess. There’s going to be high incremental cash flow coming from that. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the priorities of that deployment of that incremental cash flow, should it happen, and maybe the pipeline of M&A opportunities you see right now and how that’s developing, given the market environment we see.
Mark Kaye: In terms of the capital planning and allocation, I would also make the point that that remains unchanged from prior philosophy. First, we’re going to look for opportunities for both organic and inorganic investment in some of the high priority markets that we’ve spoken about in the call today that ultimately are going to enrich that ecosystem of data, analytical solutions and insights. After deploying any investment dollars, we’re going to look to return that capital to our stockholders through dividends and through share repurchases. Just wanted to comment here, in the first quarter itself on the free cash flow side, the result was higher compared to the prior year period, and that was really due to an improvement in working capital this quarter, despite sort of the lower net income vis-à-vis the first quarter of 2022. And that improvement in working capital was driven by higher 2021-related incentive compensation payments that came through in the first quarter of ‘22.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Simon, it’s Rob also. Just I think your question was in regards to Moody’s M&A, right? Yes. Yes, I thought so. So just on that topic, we’re -- as I’ve always said, we have a great team. We have well-defined growth road maps that are informed by customer needs, market trends. And it’s interesting because when you have a meaningful kind of dislocation like we had in the markets last year, oftentimes, you’ll see kind of a disconnect between buyer and seller expectations. And it takes some time to kind of be able to bridge that gap. Unless you’ve got sellers who have a capital structure or some other trigger that is forcing them to sell, oftentimes, what we’ll see in our space is folks will sit on the sidelines until valuations improve. And it’s interesting because we have seen kind of a bifurcation in valuations between high-growth companies that are profitable, which are still commanding a premium; high-growth companies that are unprofitable, less so, and lower growth companies. And so, I think that kind of informs -- starts to inform buyer and seller expectations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm: I know it’s late in the call but just a quick follow-up on the MA margin. I think you said something about flat in the second quarter. I’m sorry if I missed this. And I assume, looking at your guidance, that we should get some nice inflection then in the back half. Maybe ended like 33% or so in the 4Q. Is that a good run rate then to think about next year? I know it’s early, but maybe just talk a little bit more about the MA margin if you haven’t addressed it. Thanks.
Mark Kaye: Alex, the MA margin, as we think through to the second quarter is expected to be relatively flattish to the first quarter. And then we do expect it to progressively increase over the remainder of the year sort of in line with both revenue growth and as the benefit from our expense actions begins to take place. It is a little bit too early for us to think about 2024 just yet. On the margin for the first quarter, just two minutes on this. There were two primary impacts in terms of why the margin in Q1 was a little bit lower than last year. First was we accelerated some of the opportunistic investment in the business, and that’s going to be product development, technology, sales deployment, et cetera. But second, there is an element of timing related to both the MA revenue and expenses. On the revenue side, we had a favorable revenue recognition in the prior year period. And then on the expense side, you’ll recall, Alex, that the first quarter of 2022 had a relatively low level of investment because we had accelerated some of that work into the fourth quarter of 2021.
Alex Kramm: And then just maybe while I’m on here, on the ARR side, I think again, maybe this is just the currency, et cetera, but like I think the dollar amount of ARR actually dropped quarter-over-quarter. I’m not sure if you addressed that but maybe just flush it out as well.
Mark Kaye: Thanks for the question. And Alex, your intuition, as usual, is spot on here. So we introduced, just as a reminder, ARR, or annualized recurring revenue in the first quarter of last year. And we continue to emphasize it as a very meaningful growth metric for MA as it removes the impact of uneven revenue recognition from some of these multiyear arrangements as well as sales mix. However, since this is the first time we’ve rolled over the metric from one calendar year to another, it’s probably just worth a second to do a quick refresh of definitions, right? So ARR is a constant currency organic metric, and it utilizes a single set of FX rates for each calendar year. And our ARR table in the back of the quarter’s earnings release translates both current period, which is the Q1 ‘23, and prior period, Q1 ‘22, at the same rates, right, with the idea of expressing sort of this constant dollar growth rate. So, sequential figures within the year are comparable but those that are across years are not. And if I adjust for the FX rates, what you’ll find is that approximately $80 million in ARR in 2023 was not reported simply because of that FX movement. In other words, U.S. dollar appreciation between last year and this year. And so, if we add back that $80 million of revenue to the Q1 ARR to make it more comparable to the 2022 number, you’ll see that growth come through in our reported figures.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time.
Rob Fauber: Okay. So thanks, everybody. We appreciate you joining us on today’s call, and we look forward to talking with you next quarter. Take care.
Operator: This concludes Moody’s first quarter 2023 earnings call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the Company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the Investor Resources section of the Moody’s IR homepage. Additionally, a replay will be made available immediately after the call on the Moody’s IR website. Thank you. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-31 12:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Moody's Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the Company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers following the presentation. I would now turn the call over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shivani Kak: Thank you, and good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2022, our outlook for full year 2023 and an update on our medium-term targets. The earnings press release and the presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures referenced during this call and U.S. GAAP. I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the SEC's website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode.  Rob Fauber, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide an overview of our results, key business highlights and outlook; after which, he'll be joined by Mark Kaye, Moody's Chief Financial Officer, to answer your questions.  I'll now turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Fauber : Thanks, Shivani. Good afternoon, and thanks to everybody for joining today's call. I'm going to start with some key takeaways from our 2022 results, and then I'll look ahead to what we're expecting for 2023 before we take your questions. Our fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results demonstrate the positive momentum and resilience of MA; while at the same time, reflecting the impact of challenging market conditions on MIS. And MA had a very strong finish to the year. It delivered its 60th consecutive quarter of growth and 10% ARR growth. Revenue grew 15% for the year; and for the first time, MA's full year adjusted operating margin exceeded 30%, and those are results that achieve the Rule of 40 distinction. MIS generated $2.7 billion in revenue as it weathered a challenging year for issuance, and we continue to advance our ratings franchise to ensure that we're well positioned to capture future issuance growth. And during the fourth quarter, we executed on the expanded expense management program that we announced in October and that's expected to deliver over $200 million in annualized savings in 2023. And it really significantly strengthens our financial position and flexibility for the coming year. Now for the full year 2023, we expect Moody's revenue to grow in the mid- to high single-digit percent range. And in addition, we're maintaining our previously communicated medium-term growth targets with a reset of the base year to 2022. And in what is clearly a fast-paced and ever-evolving landscape, we're investing with intent to grow and scale and to expand our capabilities to deliver on our mission, and that is providing best-in-class integrated perspectives on risk. So turning to our full year financials. Moody's total revenue was $5.5 billion. MA contributed approximately half of our total revenue for the first time in our history. And as I mentioned, MA revenue grew by 15%. And excluding the negative impact of foreign exchange, growth would have been 20%. Organic constant dollar growth for both MA revenue and ARR was 10%. And overall, Moody's achieved a 42.6% adjusted operating margin with an adjusted diluted EPS of $8.57. Now moving on. We remain laser focused on the four strategic priorities that I outlined in February of 2021. In order to realize the potential of our global integrated risk assessment strategy, and the success of this strategy has been made possible by our incredibly talented and committed employees. They've helped us launch new products, expand into new markets and improve the experience for our customers. And it's really wonderful to see our collective work achieve a number of important industry awards. For the first time, Moody's earned the top ranking in the Chartis RiskTech100. And we placed ahead of hundreds of companies in the risk and compliance technology space that ranges from household names in our sector to earlier-stage innovators. And it's really a testament to the momentum of our risk assessment strategy and the quality of our portfolio of solutions. And in addition, for the 11th consecutive year, MIS was voted the Best Credit Rating Agency by Institutional Investor and really demonstrates that we remain the clear agency of choice with investors. In MIS, in 2022, we made several important investments to enhance our ratings presence in emerging markets. And that includes the acquisition of our majority stake in the largest domestic rating agency in Africa and the further expansion of Moody's Local in Latin America. We also met the need for greater transparency in ESG risks, specifically as they relate to credit by rolling out more than 10,000 new ESG credit impact scores across MIS. Now across MA, we enhanced a number of our workflow offerings through the integration of data and analytics, and we created new products to meet evolving customer needs. In fact, newly developed organic products contributed a significant portion of MA sales growth in 2022. I'm going to touch on several of these in a few minutes. Turning to the outlook for MIS. As I mentioned last quarter, we expect that the factors that impacted issuance in 2022 to persist really through the first half of 2023. The inflationary environment, the pace of interest rate increases are still causing volatility in equity and debt markets, and the trajectory of economic growth in major economies remains uncertain. So it's going to take some time for these issues to resolve and for debt market activity to fully resume but refunding needs and pent-up issuance demand and baseline economic growth, they all point to a recovery in issuance, which we expect to pick up in the second half of the year. And in this environment, we are proactively balancing our commitment to serve issuers and investors with the highest quality ratings and research and insights; while at the same time, prudently managing cost. And we expect that the swift and decisive expense management actions that we took in the fourth quarter will enable MIS' adjusted operating margin to return to the mid-50s percent range in 2023. So moving to MA. I want to highlight the impact of the significant investments that we've made in product development and sales and acquisitions. And over the last three years, these investments have helped us deliver $1 billion in additional recurring revenue. And on an organic constant currency basis, recurring revenue growth has been steadily improving each year from 9.2% in 2020 to 9.7% in 2021 and 11.1% in 2022. And we're well positioned for future growth as three of our businesses with revenue of more than $100 million each delivered ARR growth in excess of 10%. In fact, our KYC and compliance business, which is our fastest-growing business, had ARR growth greater than 20%. And even some of our more established products such as Orbis and CreditView, delivered high single-digit ARR growth last year. So let me give you a little bit of insight into how several of our newly-launched products are contributing to this growth. And I'm going to start with our KYC Lifecycle solution, which offers customers a user-friendly configurable portal and risk engine. And it enables fast and accurate checks that leverage our vast company, people and news data sets. And this solution integrates the capabilities that we've built and acquired over the past several years, so it's opening the door to new markets and customer segments with a powerful new workflow tool for financial crime compliance and third-party due diligence. And it is resonating with our customers. In the fourth quarter, we completed one of our largest-ever sales to a nonfinancial corporate customer in MA with a combined offering supporting both customer and supplier vetting and screening capabilities. We also recently launched an enhanced version of our Climate on Demand product, which integrates our very rich climate analytics from RMS and MA and broadens the scope of our capabilities in the banking and insurance sectors and beyond. And Climate on Demand is part of our growing suite of physical and transition risk offerings, which are gaining traction with our customers. For example, we were awarded an important sales mandate late last year as a major U.S. financial regulator selected us to help them better understand and measure the impact of climate on risks facing financial institutions in the broader economy. And we were selected because of our ability to bring together some unique capabilities from across Moody's, and that includes our ability to quantify the financial impact of climate risk, physical risk assessment of bank operations and exposures as well as finance emissions. And in banking, we extended our CreditLens origination solution into commercial real estate, and that's one of the largest asset classes on bank's balance sheets. And this product integrates our proprietary property data, market forecast and credit analytics to meet the specific needs of commercial real estate lenders. And we're excited to partner on this product with one of the largest real estate lenders in the United States, and we're encouraged by the positive customer feedback and sales progress to date. So together, these examples, I think, demonstrate how we are integrating capabilities, we're driving product innovation and leveraging our very strong sales distribution to build a robust pipeline as a foundation for continued growth. So let me turn to the outlook for 2023, and I want to highlight just a few of our guidance metrics. We project that Moody's revenue will grow in the mid- to high single-digit percent range and adjusted operating margin to be in the range of 44% to 45%. Adjusted diluted EPS is forecast to be in the range of $9 to $9.50. And for the medium term, we're maintaining our previously communicated growth targets with a reset of the base year to 2022. And in summary, we made strong progress in the fourth quarter to position the business for success, closing out what we'd characterize as both a challenging and a productive year. And indeed, against the backdrop of macroeconomic headwinds, we've continued to unlock the growing potential of MA and reinforced the foundation for MIS to capture the immense opportunity we see once issuance levels recover. So we've entered 2023 in a position of strength, and I have tremendous confidence in the growth potential of the business as we continue to execute and invest in building Moody's as the leading provider of integrated perspectives on risk.  And with that, Mark and I would be pleased to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik from Barclays.
Manav Patnaik : Rob, I just wanted to touch on that -- the medium-term guidance for the ratings business, which you’ve maintained at low to mid-single digits even though the base, I guess, has come down a lot. I just wanted to try and flush through a little bit more in your assumptions. And I always thought it was a GDP plus 3 to 4 type pricing business, and your competitor obviously had a more optimistic outlook there, too. So just trying to understand how you guys are thinking through that.
Rob Fauber : Yes. Manav, we've gotten some questions around how quickly things are effectively going to snap back to 2020 and '21. And just to kind of put that in perspective, 2021 total issuance was more than 35% higher than the average from '09 to 2022 if you exclude the 2020 and '21 years. So those two pandemic years were, in fact, extraordinary and unusual years. And so obviously, we are re-baselining off of what we believe are, in fact, kind of more normalized levels of issuance. In fact, if you look at 2022 total issuance, it was down something like 5% from that average that I was talking about, historical average. But another way to kind of look at this, Manav, and you're kind of, I think, getting at, is there also some upside to the way we're thinking about the medium term? So while overall issuance in 2022 was about 5% below that historical average ex those two extraordinary years. If you look at corporate issuance, it was down something like 15%. And if you look at the mix of corporate issuance as a percent of total issuance, we're actually down a good bit in 2022 and as we kind of look forward. So I think in a way, there's been a mix shift against us here. And so if you think that there's more opportunity for corporate issuance as a percent of the total, there might be some upside to the way we think about the medium term.
Mark Kaye : Yes. And add on to just Rob's remarks, that we do recognize that some investors may now see this guidance as being slightly conservative in nature. We do remain open to the possibility of revisiting and looking at this specific target once we have better insight into the macroeconomic and the issuance environment as the year unfolds.
Manav Patnaik : Okay, got it. Makes sense. And then Mark, just perhaps maybe even an open-ended question to talk about the expense ramp and stuff that you typically do. But what I was looking for is the expense savings that you've talked about, like how does that split between the two segments?
Mark Kaye : Manav, thank you. So maybe let me start firstly with the expense ramp. So we anticipate operating growth, inclusive of the annual merit increases, the reset of our incentive compensation and then our incremental organic investments to contribute to an expense ramp of between $10 million and $30 million between the fourth quarter of 2022 and the first quarter of 2023 that exclude any restructuring-related items. And then from the first quarter of 2023 to the fourth quarter of 2023, we expect expenses to remain relatively stable and only ramp between $10 million and $20 million. And that's primarily as we realize the benefits of both our 2022, 2023 geolocation restructuring program and any additional cost efficiency actions. On your second sub-question, restructuring. So through year-end 2023, we still expect to incur up to $170 million in aggregate charges, and that will be split into $70 million to $90 million for MIS and $65 million to $80 million for MA, and that's related to both the real estate rationalization and the reduction of personnel as we selectively downsize and utilize alternative lower-cost locations. For the full year 2022, we were able to accelerate some of our actions. And so we accrued $114 million in total restructuring charges for the year, and that is indeed up from the $85 million we guided to back in October. And that splits into approximately $49 million for MA and $65 million for MIS. And then finally, looking forward, we estimate we'll incur up to $15 million in incremental pre-tax personnel-related charges and $20 million to $40 million in real estate charges in 2023.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Owen Lau from Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau : I have a question related to the previous one but it's related to seasonality. Could you please give a sense of maybe the seasonality in terms of the revenue and also margin expectation on a quarterly basis in 2023?
Mark Kaye : Owen, good afternoon. So our central case assumption is for the cyclical market disruption that we experienced during the majority of 2022 to really persist through the first half of 2023. And as a result, for MIS, we expect the transaction revenue to be significantly weaker in the first half vis-à-vis the second half of the year when prior period comparables, the capital market conditions and spreads become more constructive. So specifically, the midpoint of our full year 2023 MIS revenue guidance implies first half revenue to decline in the low teens percent range and second half revenue to grow in the mid-20s percent range. And that also underscores our expectation then for higher MIS margins in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year. If I look at MA, we forecasted full year 2023 total revenue will increase by approximately 10%, and that's underpinned by broad-based strength across all lines of business. And given that MA revenue is highly recurring, we expect absolute dollar MA revenue to progressively increase over the course of 2023. And as such, we expect MA's first quarter adjusted operating margin to be similar to our actual fourth quarter 2022 margin before improving through the remainder of the year, obviously, as revenue increases and as we realize the benefits of our cost savings. In addition, as we expand our product capability suite, as we continue to grow the size of our sales force to meet customer demand, we anticipate ARR to also steadily increase throughout the year. And it's going to be similar to what we saw in 2022, ultimately achieving low double-digit percent growth by the end of 2023. On Moody's total operating expenses, our guidance here is for an increase in the low single-digit percent range. And while we don't typically provide expense growth forecast by segment, given we anticipate the majority of our 2023 strategic investments to support MA revenue growth opportunities, the full year segment operating expense guidance would be along the lines of low to mid-single-digit percent decline in MIS and a high single-digit percent growth in MA. And then finally, for EPS modeling purposes, I'd just like to remind you our first quarter effective tax rate tends to be lower compared to the full year results, and that's simply due to the excess tax benefits around employee stock-based compensation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McVeigh from Credit Suisse.
Kevin McVeigh: Thanks so much and really nice results. If we went back, you were able to reaffirm the medium-term targets. Obviously, you reset the base here but a pretty dramatic shift in '22 relative to initial expectations. I don't know if this would be for who, but just any thoughts on puts and takes? Is it that analytics has been overperforming a little bit relative to the downturn in MIS? Just any puts and takes as you think about kind of what the initial targets were.
Mark Kaye : Kevin, it's Mark. So maybe I'll talk just thematically, I'll start with our base case assumptions because our medium-term guidance, as you know, refers to a time period within five years, with 2022 as the base year. And that incorporates various assumptions as of the end of January. And those include, for example, U.S. and euro area GDP to stagnate in the near term, followed by recovery, U.S. 10-year treasury yield to stabilize, fluctuating modestly around current levels, issuers continuing to refinance maturing debt. And then on the MA side, customer retention rates to remain in line with historic levels, and of course, pricing initiatives to align with prior practices and our enhancements to customer value. If I maybe pick, to your question, two specific examples, maybe two tailwinds to headwinds. On the tailwinds side, issuance activity tends to track GDP growth over the medium to long term. And our central case models GDP expansion at a level consistent with what prevailed prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. And we've used our GDP and interest rate predictions from Moody's Analytics forecast, which shows that the 2014 to 2019 average annual real GDP growth was between 2% and 3%, and that's sort of what we expect going forward. The second tailwind is something we spoke about extensively on prior calls, that's based on our maturity wall studies. U.S. corporates have $1.9 trillion in maturing debt. The majority, we expect to be refinanced. Similarly, European corporates have refunding needs around $2.1 trillion. And then on the headwinds side, the first one maybe is worth noting is we do project interest rate increases -- sorry, we do project interest rates are going to remain elevated and that may potentially impact opportunistic financing. For example, in the U.S., we model a near-term increase in the 10-year treasury yield. And then we expect that to remain roughly stable at that 4% through 2027. And then finally, in resetting our medium-term target base to 2022, we have assumed constant currency foreign exchange rates over the five-year period, specifically the euro at 1.07 and the pound at 1.20. And that shows dollar appreciation versus the original rates we gave in February last year, which were 1.14 and 1.35.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Kramm from UBS.
Alex Kramm : Can you just shift gears to capital allocation for a second? Maybe I missed it, but the $250 million in share repurchases seems fairly low relative to what you've been doing in the past and obviously also the free cash flow guidance. So is there a shift of thinking on what are the uses of cash? And then obviously, does that also suggest that maybe on the M&A side, you've taken a harder look, again, maybe in a different environment from a buyer and seller perspective?
Mark Kaye : Alex, best place for me to start is to reaffirm that our capital planning and allocation strategy is unchanged. We remain committed to anchoring our financial leverage around a BBB+ rating, which provides, in our view, the appropriate balance between ensuring ongoing financial flexibility and lowering the cost of capital. Given, however, that our gross leverage as of year-end was above 2.5x, and that, as we know, is driven by the cyclical market conditions we just experienced. And as we head into 2023, we want to retain the financial flexibility to marginally deliver our balance sheet and improve our gross outstanding debt position if needed. And that's similar to the actions that we took in the fourth quarter through our tender offer. And what that means for 2023 is our plan is to return approximately $800 million of our global free cash flow, it's about 53% at the midpoint, to our stockholders, subject, of course, to available cash, market conditions, M&A opportunities, et cetera. And that includes, to your question, the share repurchase guidance of $250 million and approximately $560 million in dividends through a quarterly dividend of $0.77 per share, which is 10% up from our prior quarterly dividend. And it's all about creating that flexibility to evaluate opportunities as the year goes on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan from Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan : Wanted to ask about the free cash flow guide. Part of the reason why it was maybe a little bit lower than what I thought was the CapEx sort of staying at the $300 million range, roughly, let's call it like 5% of revenue. Should we expect that level to continue? Are you at sort of a different CapEx just percentage-wise because of the change in model? Or I guess, what's driving it? Is 5% the right number to be thinking about for future years as well?
Mark Kaye : Toni, thank you for your question. Let me maybe start by saying the midpoint of our cash flow guidance range implies growth of approximately 25% off of our reported 2022 free cash flow result. And that's well above the projected midpoint, which is low double-digits for our U.S. GAAP net income. And in addition, what that really means is at the midpoint, the free cash flow to U.S. GAAP net income conversion ratio is approximately 100%. And that's effectively equal to the average free cash flow conversion ratio that we've had over the last four years, meaning specifically from 2019 to 2022. So we feel pretty comfortable with that as a result. In terms of CapEx, 2022 actual result was $283 million. We're guiding to approximately $300 million, i.e., a similar level. And there are a number of factors underpinning that guidance, specifically, for example, continued M&A integration activity, for example, related to PassFort or kompany or RMS. There's ongoing enhancements to IT platform and our real estate infrastructure associated with the workplace of the future program. But one of the big drivers that will carry forward into 2023 is effectively the higher amount of capitalizable work under GAAP related to our SaaS-based solutions for our customers. And that ties in directly with the underlying business strategic shift to provide more SaaS-based, more recurring revenue solutions within MA. And so I think it's a step-up in 2023. I don't think we'll see a separate step-up in future years, but that's really what's driving the underlying numbers.
Toni Kaplan : Terrific. And just as a really quick follow-up. I know last quarter, you were sort of saying that you thought third quarter and fourth quarter would be the trough for the issuance declines, and that it should improve throughout 2023, in particular, second half. I feel like there's some consistency in the messaging that second half is going to be better than the first half. But like, I guess, have you delayed your expectation for issuance recovery? Or is it still similar to where you were thinking it was going to be last quarter?
Rob Fauber : Not really. Toni, it's Rob. Not really a change. It's pretty consistent with how we thought about it last quarter. I think one thing you're hearing from us is just the first quarter of 2022 has a relatively robust issuance here. So there is the matter of comps, but I don't think there's any fundamental change from how we were thinking about the kind of troughing and recovery in issuance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashish Sabadra from RBC Capital Markets.
Ashish Sabadra : I wanted to focus on the Moody's Analytics business. We saw some pretty good robust strength there and the guidance also implies further acceleration. Mark, in your -- in response to a prior question, you talked about the seasonality but also talked about like a similar growth profile across all three units within MA. But it seems like based on that bubble chart on Slide 9 that you may have some faster growth businesses within Decision Solutions. So I just wanted to better understand how should we think about some of the growth businesses within all the three segments within MA?
Rob Fauber : Yes. Ashish, it's Rob. Let me -- maybe let me start since the question is really about MA growth. Maybe let me just start with kind of the ARR, and then I can zero in a little bit on kind of what's contributing to that. But we talked about on the last call that we've got RMS now in the MA ARR figure. And I think we've also talked about the fact that RMS is not quite yet growing at the same rate as MA overall. We're still executing on the synergy opportunities in order to accelerate that growth. We believe we're on track but there's still work to do. So the reported figure of 10% had about a 1.5% drag from RMS. So excluding that, we would have been -- had ARR at about 11.4%. And you might remember that back in the third quarter, we were talking about 10%. So we're seeing some very nice acceleration of ARR on a like-for-like basis. And I think that goes to the expanded capabilities that we've got now to attract both new customers and to better serve and expand our relationships with existing customers. Frankly, we had some great execution by our sales teams in the fourth quarter. And that was a real area of investment for us as you've heard us talk about. But it's not a one-trick pony either. I think that's the other interesting thing. We're trying to get that message across with that bubble chart. We frequently talk about KYC as kind of our high flyer, and it is. It continues to have very strong momentum. But you can also see our life insurance business. You can see our banking business. And you also see, I think, interestingly, we wanted to show two of our what I think of as kind of more mature product lines, which are the CreditView Research and our Orbis offering. So there is data that's in the KYC. So this result you see there for Orbis is kind of everything excluding KYC use cases for the data. And both of those are growing at a high single-digit ARR growth rate. So we feel very good about kind of the portfolio. And again, if you think about the strategy, it's been about identifying risk assessment use cases and then threading through these kinds of capabilities to help our customers with a range of kind of risk and decision-making. So some very good momentum in the portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Silber from BMO Capital Markets.
Jeff Silber : In your prepared remarks, you talked a little bit about some of the indicators you're seeing to give you confidence about a global debt issuance rebound in the second half of the year. Can we get some examples of what you're looking for, what we should be looking for?
Rob Fauber : Yes. It's Rob. So maybe let me talk about both what I think could provide some upside as well as also what could provide some headwind to our outlook. So I'll start with the upside. We talked a lot about, on the last call, just the market's need to get more certainty around the trajectory of inflation and getting certainty that inflation was starting to peak because that then informs the Federal Reserve actions and the market wanting to understand whether we're near the end of the tightening cycle. And you can see, as we then went through the fourth quarter end of the year and into January, the market getting some confidence and you see the issuance that started. We also talked about where you're going to see that. And so I think that's interesting to understand. You're first going to see, as the markets open up, opportunistic investment-grade issuance. There's the folks with the best access to the market. Then you're going to see, and we have started to see, the higher-rated spec grid names coming to the market so the B, A names. And then eventually, you start to see the single B names coming to the market, and we have seen a few of those. In fact, we've seen our first couple of dividend recaps in months. And it's that kind of activity that starts to give you confidence that the market is opening up. Now I would say it's -- I'm going to use the word kind of a fragile recovery because there's still plenty of headline and event risk. But we are starting to see that. You saw a very robust month in January for investment grade. You saw high yield start to pick up in leverage loans, started quite slowly, but we're starting to see some leverage loan activity as well. M&A, we have a fairly muted forecast for M&A, kind of a flattish assumption built into our outlook. That could provide some upside if we see M&A activity pick up. And I would look to the sponsor-backed M&A and LBO activity as a place where the sponsors have a lot of dry powder to put to work. And so that would be something to look for. Just quickly in terms of what could the derailers or the headwinds be -- yes, sure.
Jeff Silber : Sorry. No. You broke up there. Sorry about that.
Rob Fauber : No, sorry. Just in terms of -- just very quickly, Jeff, what could provide a few headwinds? There is, as I said, a headline risk, both in terms of inflation prints and what that means for what the Fed is going to do. But -- and just in general, any unanticipated policy actions by central banks. And that's something I'd talked about even last year. The central banks have a pretty tough assignment on their hands to both deal with inflation and engineer a soft landing. So I think we're going to be keeping a close eye on all that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Tong from Goldman Sachs.
George Tong : You expect 2023 MIS revenue to increase low to mid-single digits, and that's based on an assumption of low single-digit growth in global debt issuance volumes. If you assume pricing growth of perhaps 4% to 5% given higher inflation, the guide implies to the degree of negative mix from issuance. That said, it looks like you're expecting high yield and structured issuance to be the fastest-growing categories in 2023. And these are generally favorable from a pricing mix perspective. So can you help bridge your assumptions for MIS revenue growth and global debt issuance volume growth in 2023?
Rob Fauber : George, I think you've got it about right. I mean, that's why we've got a range that we've included there for our outlook. And maybe let me just -- it might be helpful, George, just to touch on, for a moment, how we're thinking about 2023 issuance outlook. And there are a wide range I think, of views, probably a wider range than I can remember in recent memory around what's going to happen with outlook. And as you start to zero-in on what's accounting for the difference, it really, I think, is largely around folks' expectation around leverage finance issuance. And I'll start with investment-grade. I mean, we expect that to grow modestly something like 5% for the year. Leveraged finance, when we look at high yield, we're expecting growth of 25%. Last year is one of the slowest years on record. And I would acknowledge that we've got a little bit more cautious view than some folks in the market. I've seen some much more bullish forecasts for high-yield issuance. But in general, I think what is informing kind of our view is we've got an environment with higher funding costs. We've got the potential for a recession, and we've got a flattish M&A outlook. And so that's what's contributing to our view. I would acknowledge, George, that we've got a pretty healthy backlog of first-time mandates that did not go to market last year. Almost all of those are in the leveraged finance space, so there's some definite pent-up demand. And then leveraged loans, we think it's going to be flattish. And again, back to kind of Mark's commentary, kind of a tale of two halves. Loans had a very strong start to 2023 but -- so we expect that, that will pick up in the back half of the year -- for 2022, excuse me.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler from Baird.
Jeff Meuler : Rob, you hit on some of this when talking about M&A -- or MA more broadly, but I want to focus on Decision Solutions in Q4 specifically. It pretty significantly accelerated. And correct me if I'm wrong, but I thought RMS was in there, and you noted that's currently growing more slowly organically than, I guess, your heritage solutions. So just anything further you can say on what drove the organic acceleration in Decision Solutions in Q4 specifically? And is it underlying or is there anything unusual like one-timers like rev rec true-ups for full year usage or anything like that?
Rob Fauber : Yes. Great question. Decision Solutions was a good story for the quarter, indeed. 15% growth on an organic constant dollar basis in the quarter. You will remember actually, last quarter, we kind of talked about Decision Solutions, a little bit lower reported growth rate print, so we're talking about the importance of kind of looking through that to ARR. That's still the case. And so if you look at kind of full year, we had about 11% growth in Decision Solutions ARR. And we've really got strength in a number of areas. And I think I used that phrase, it's not a one-trick pony. And that's true. In KYC, we're up in that kind of mid -- low to mid-20s range. But we've also got a very nice life insurance business and a very nice banking business. The KYC business, we just got lots of demand not only for the data, but now we've got this life cycle product that I mentioned, which allows us to package the data with a workflow solution, gives us the opportunity to have even bigger engagements with our customers. So that's very, very helpful. And we launched that in the second half of last year. But maybe just to focus in just a little bit more on the other two businesses. People are probably less familiar with it. We have a nice business. Obviously, RMS serves the property and casualty and reinsurance market. But we have had, for years, a business serving life insurance -- life insurers. And we've got a really powerful actuarial modeling platform and we've been able that is used by many of the world's largest insurers. And we've just been able to do what we've done with banking, frankly, which is to build a suite of solutions around risk and portfolio management and balance sheet management and capital planning and reporting. And one of the areas where we've had some really nice growth is around our risk integrity IFRS 17 solution. As you may be familiar, insurers are having to implement IFRS 17. So there's been a lot of demand to help our customers there. And then the other is banking. We've just seen some very nice growth with the kind of suite of solutions in banking across origination, risk and portfolio management and capital planning.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Steinerman from JPMorgan.
Andrew Steinerman : I just wanted to jump into that MA organic revenue growth guide of about 10%. When I look at MA's ARR in the fourth quarter coming in at 10% and then the guide really is for it to accelerate to low double digit in '23, I just felt with that accelerating backlog, the bias for MA organic revenue growth would be above 10%. Are there any kind of headwinds, maybe non-subscription revenues to note to kind of just kind of keep it about 10%?
Rob Fauber : Yes. One headwind, as you know, Andrew, we've transitioned most of the portfolio to recurring revenue. I think it's something like 94%. But in the banking business is where we do have some -- still some kind of onetime. And you've heard us talk about moving away. We've moved almost entirely away from onetime license revenue. We also have some services work, and we've been deemphasizing that and really focusing where you might see a small delta between kind of ARR and then translating to overall revenue.
Mark Kaye : Yes. And Andrew, just to add on to that, if you think about decomposing our guide of 10% organic constant currency growth for MA, you could think about recurring as growing in that low double-digit range when you think about transactional onetime declining in that high teens percent range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faiza Alwy from Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy : I have two questions on the MIS midterm targets. First, I appreciate the conservatism on the top line. I'm curious that you left your margin target as is despite a lower sort of implied top line. So just wanted some more perspective on that. Is it related to the recent restructuring actions? And then second related question is, you mentioned a private credit market as one of the factors as you think about issuance. We've obviously seen significant expansion in that market in '22. So curious what your thoughts are around private product both for '23 and as you thought about your medium-term targets.
Mark Kaye : On your question around the MIS adjusted operating margin, we are maintaining our expectation for MIS' medium-term margin to be in the low 60s percent range. And I certainly acknowledge that, that's a meaningful step-up compared to our new base year 2022 results and full year 2023 guidance. While this target is reflective of performance within 5 years, the key, and I think this is the point that you were flushing out, the key to achieving it will naturally be influenced by the issuance recovery pattern we experienced in 2023 and beyond. That said, MIS' medium- to long-term business fundamentals remain firmly intact. And we continue to believe that the disruption in the debt capital markets that we experienced in '22 was really cyclical. It wasn't structural in nature. And that view is informed by several data points and observations. For example, the stock of debt has steadily grown over the last several decades. The price to value is compelling for our customers. There are strong refinancing needs that can help buttress the future transactional revenue base, credit spreads remain around that historical average. And overall, I'd say that the interest burden is still relatively low for corporates. And these factors, in addition to the proactive and decisive expense management actions like we took last quarter, should help to stabilize the '23 margin in that mid-50s percent range, and that will help us obviously set a good base before expanding to that low 60s over the medium term.
Rob Fauber : Yes. One other thing I want to emphasize just around why we're talking about MIS margin expenses. And I've gotten these questions from folks over the last few months is just around making sure we've got the right resources. And I want to assure you that we approached the restructuring exercise very, very thoughtfully. We monitor over $70 trillion in rated debt and it is absolutely critical to us that we make sure that we've got the expertise and resources to not only monitor that stock of debt but also to be able to service the flow of new issuance. And so we just -- we approached that very thoughtfully, things like a typical span and layer exercise and thinking about initiatives that could be deprioritized and ways to get more efficient. And we're committed to getting more efficient in that business, and that's what you see with the medium-term target. Let me touch just briefly on the private credit space. We talked about that on the last call. The private credit market has experienced some strong growth over the last few years. And I guess the way we've stepped back and tried to really think about it is, what is the opportunity for us to address that market and the needs of that market? Because we do think that we have a role to play in helping both asset managers and investors and borrowers. And we've got some very large relationships with many of the largest private credit lenders in the world. And you think about our relationships with the asset managers. We've got ratings on the asset managers themselves as well as their portfolio companies and CLOs and BDCs. And we also support them with a range of products across MAs. And we've been in some very active discussions with a range of players in this space. And we think that we've got more that we can do to serve them around some important use cases. That includes providing independent credit assessments to help investors to understand the credit quality of these portfolios that they're invested in but also to help the asset managers themselves around credit scoring, company data, benchmarking portfolio management, ESG is another area. So we think there's an opportunity here for us to do more. And we've got a number of things in the works across the company to be able to support the use cases around us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum from Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum : I want to ask a little bit about the MIS guidance just for 2023. When you look at the composite and the pieces of that you put in that support your outlook, how much of your guidance is dependent or focuses on kind of the refi walls that are sort of inherent support? And how much is it in terms of just assuming that market conditions tend to come -- get better over the course of the year and particularly in the second half of the year or just more dependent on things improving versus things that you can actually see? And maybe you can talk a little bit about that on vis-à-vis what you normally do this year. Is there any change?
Rob Fauber : Hi, Shlomo. It's Rob. Maybe what I'll do, I mean, refi -- let me just kind of talk to you a little bit about the several different things that kind of go into how we think about issuance drivers and also kind of what our visibility and confidence level is around those. Refi is one of them. And the first thing I would say is just around mix, and we've talked about that a little bit, that there's obviously a wide range of what's going to happen with leveraged finance. And I think we've got a little bit less certainty around that. Again, just the fact that there's a wide range of views across Wall Street means we have a little less confidence about what's going to happen, and that also contributes to why we have a range in our overall guide. When you think about the issuance in the -- coming from the financial institution space, there, we've got much more confidence as it translates to revenue, right, because of the kind of commercial relationships that we have with banks. Around refi, obviously, we've got great visibility in the refi walls themselves. There is a question about the extent of pull forward. That's always a question. And I would say, look, we've looked at this before. It's a really, really rough number, but we kind of tend to think about kind of a little over 1/3 of kind of transaction revenue being supported in any given year by kind of those refi walls. And then you have to look at kind of what do we think is going to happen with market conditions, and that gets into rates and spreads. Spreads are very well correlated to default rates. We have great visibility around default rates. But obviously, there's volatility in the market that can make spreads move around at any given time. I talked about some of the headline risk that exists in 2023. And that's not something that we're able to capture in a forecast. Those kinds of events are binary. They either happen or they don't. And a great example is the -- kind of the debt ceiling issue. That creates some event risk for the market. So can't predict the future, but there are some things that we feel fairly comfortable about that give us insight into -- that help us kind of build to that outlook. So hopefully, that gives you a feel for it.
Shlomo Rosenbaum : Okay. And if I could sneak in one just housekeeping. The AR DSO was up a little bit sequentially. Were there any deals that closed particularly towards the very end of the quarter that kind of pushed it up?
Mark Kaye : Shlomo, this is Mark here. This might be a record for a question on an earnings call around DSOs. I anticipate you're looking at our externally reported accounts receivable over, I think, three months revenue annualized. And I'm guessing you're seeing a number of around 115 in the fourth quarter around, let’s call, at 110 for full year. Internally, we're able to do a little bit more of a precise calculation because we can use sales. And so if I think about ending sort of ending accounts receivable off of the -- divided by three-month sales annualized, we get a much lower number of around 71 for the full year. That 71 days is a little bit up from what I saw in the last year. And the driver here is just around the integration of acquisitions into our corporate processes as we bring sort of that same discipline and rigor to the DSO processes of the companies we've acquired.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Russell Quelch from Redburn.
Russell Quelch : Just want to go back to this point around the MIS guidance, if I may, to start. If I pose it this way, we've got data that we've been presented with historically that shows there to be perhaps a 5% refi wall in '23 over '22. If I haircut that by a couple of percent for defaults which I think would be conservative, the starting point, therefore, is 3% growth. And as George pointed out, historical pricing is 4% to 5% with the potential for a positive pricing mix, which would get me to sort of 8% to 10% as a baseline growth for next year. And that's without assuming anything for sort of new issuance recovery, and you said new issuance recovery is sort of low single digits. So I'm just trying to square that with this sort of low mid-single-digit guidance because it does seem like there's a big gap there between the way I built it and what your guidance suggests.
Mark Kaye : This is Mark here. Russell, nice to have you on the call. One other element to add to your model is the reporting of MIS other revenues for 2023 vis-à-vis 2022. Those are down in the range of $10 million to $15 million primarily to reflect the incorporation of some of our ESG products and capabilities into our MA revenue set. That's really what's driving the difference between sort of the issuance outlook and the revenue outlook we provided this morning.
Russell Quelch : Okay. I might follow up with you on that one. And then Mark, just another question, maybe flipping over to Decision Solutions. I appreciate there's been a few on this now. But wondered how much of the growth in Q4 was related to pricing. And how much might be related to you increasing cross-sells between the products where you've been investing in that growth? And if you would argue, there was upside risk to the guidance if corporate M&A activity recovers -- I'm sorry, that's a 10% guidance for MA.
Rob Fauber : What was that last bit of the question? I'm sorry, Russell.
Russell Quelch : Yes, apologies. Wondering whether there is upside risk to the 10% MA growth guidance if we see a recovery in corporate M&A activity next year -- or sorry, this year?
Rob Fauber : To the MA guidance?
Russell Quelch : Yes, 10% MA guidance.
Rob Fauber : Let me just start with the question about Decision Solutions and pricing. And with the biggest growth engine in Decision Solutions is our KYC business. And just to give you a sense, new sales almost doubled in 2022. And we had a greater than 50% increase in the number of new customers, and we had a meaningful increase in the average sale price. That's not just pricing. What that really does is the bundling of products and capabilities that's allowing us to have a larger ticket size. So I think what you're really seeing certainly in KYC is a lot of new customers coming into the market. We're obviously doing a very nice job of bringing those into the Moody's family when you look at our growth rates relative to the overall market but also continuing to be able to provide additional capabilities to folks who are already then using the products and services. So I'd say that's actually probably a similar story to kind of a lesser extent for what we're doing around banking. We've just got a suite of cloud-based solutions that we continue to build out that allows us to bundle those solutions together and to increase the ticket sizes and the size of the relationship that we've got with our customers. So it's not just about price increases there. Of course, there's an element of that as we continue to enhance the value proposition of all of our products. But I think it's really more around cross-sell, and in the case of KYC, especially just new customer acquisition.
Russell Quelch : Okay. And then the second point, I'll rephrase it better in terms of the MA revenue growth guidance of 10%. Is there upside risk to that if we see a recovery in corporate M&A activity?
Rob Fauber : I don't really see those two things tied tightly together. There'll be upside to the MIS guidance, obviously, but I don't necessarily think so from an MA standpoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Huber from Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber : I guess, Rob, you've talked about this, let's go a little deeper here. Your medium-term outlook, you said that's five years here, you're talking about low to mid-single-digit MIS revenue growth long term, which is the same range that you're giving for this year. We all know 2022 was obviously a very rough macro year M&A for the marketplace for most of the bloody year was quite low. Debt taken on for share buybacks was quite low last year. Refinancings last year seemed like that was low versus what it should be the next few years, that you agree on that and stuff. And when you think about pricing, historically, you've done 3% to 4% price, maybe it's a little bit higher than that, but at least 3% to 4%. How do you square all that with only up 2% to, say, 5% on average for the next five years with the base year seemingly being so low? Is it just being overly conservative here? I'm just trying to get a better sense of this. I get a lot of questions on this.
Rob Fauber : Yes. I understand that some will view us as conservative. And obviously, time will tell, and I hope that's correct, Craig. I guess it just comes back to kind of what I talked about earlier when we look at kind of a longer-term average in terms of overall issuance and where we ended up 2022 and what we see, at least in front for us for 2023, we think implies as we, I think, in line with our medium-term targets. So I think that's what it comes back to. But as I said, the one thing that maybe to think about in terms of are we being conservative, I touched on this a little bit earlier in the call is, while on one hand, we're at relatively similar levels of issuance from pre pandemic, I mean, a little bit lower but not significantly lower, the mix is different. So last year, we had much more issuance coming from financial institutions as a percent of the total than corporates. And so as that -- if that mix shift changes back to what we've seen over the last, call it, six, seven years pre-pandemic, then yes, I think in that case, we'd see faster corporate growth that might provide some upside to the way we think about the medium-term targets.
Craig Huber : Then also just on the pricing, can you guys tell us what you're expecting pricing for MIS this year to be a similar question for MA?
Rob Fauber : Yes. So Craig, we always kind of target across the company kind of a 3% to 4% kind of annual price increase. And I think we talked about a little bit on the last call, but what we do in MIS, every year, we do a very detailed review of pricing across sectors and regions. And based on that, we come out with our list prices for the following year. And I think you can expect our list prices for 2023 are going to be a little bit higher than the rate of increase, a little bit higher than maybe it has been historically. But the realization of that will depend on mix, right, where the issuance actually comes from.
Craig Huber : And the MA side, what's the pricing there, you think, on average for this year?
Rob Fauber : I'd say it's within that range.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from the line of Kevin McVeigh from Credit Suisse.
Kevin McVeigh : Hey, Rob, you've done a really nice job remixing the business and MA has kind of crossed the 50% threshold. If you look out three to five years, how should we think about what the business looks like? And I don't know if there's a way to maybe frame that organically versus inorganic? I mean, start to kind of parse deals and things, but maybe give us an organic view of kind of where the business sits three to five years from now?
Rob Fauber : Yes. Kevin, that's an interesting question. And I guess I might start by saying when we think about integrated risk assessment, it's not just MA. It's all of Moody's. The rating agency is a really important contributor to, but also beneficiary of, this integrated risk assessment strategy that we have. But maybe a few things, Kevin. First, I think you're seeing us develop scale in a few areas beyond our ratings business. And we obviously have a world-class fixed income research business in Digital Insights that serves investors. We've got, in Decision Solutions, I mean, you've heard me talk about a little bit meaningful businesses that are supporting both banking and insurance different really critical risk workflows, origination, underwriting, portfolio and risk management and capital planning and reporting. And then, of course, we've got a rapidly growing KYC business that we think has some really industry-leading capabilities. We're really well positioned there. I think that's where you're going to see us continue to invest and really drive growth because those are very important delivery platforms for a range of content across all of Moody's. And you heard me talk about kind of what's driving ARR. And so all this fits together. When I think about that content, I mean, think about it, $70 trillion of debt rated by MIS. It's data ownership and credit scores from 425 million companies. It's massive economic data sets and ESG and physical risk scores on hundreds of millions of companies and locations. And we think of that as kind of our risk operating system, and we are increasingly threading that content through those scaled platforms. And you've heard us talk about it but our commercial real estate lending module for banking. That takes a lot of that property and economic and climate content, and we've got KYC integrations that are on the way into our banking solutions. You've got ESG and climate integration into ratings, banking, insurance and research and so on. So I think ultimately, complementing our ratings business, we're going to have scaled platforms with a suite of cloud-based solutions that serve key customer sets. And they're differentiated by being able to draw on all this proprietary data and analytics that we've got, where and when customers need it, so that they can better identify, measure and manage risk. That's where I think we're going to be three to five years from now.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Rob Fauber, I'd turn the call back over to you for some closing remarks.
Rob Fauber : Okay. Thanks, everybody, for joining. Appreciate the questions, and we look forward to speaking with you on the next call. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes Moody's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the Investor Resources section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay will be made available immediately after the call on the Moody's IR website. Thank you.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-25 12:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Moody’s Corporation Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the Company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers following the presentation. I will now turn the call over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shivani Kak: Thank you. And good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I’m Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. This morning -- this afternoon and this morning, Moody’s released its results for the third quarter of 2022 as well as our revised outlook for full year 2022. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release, filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures referenced during this call in U.S. GAAP. I call your attention to the safe harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today’s remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the Management’s Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, and in other SEC filings made by the Company, which are available on our website and on the SEC’s website. These, together with the safe harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. Rob Fauber, Moody’s President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide an overview of our results and outlook, after which he’ll be joined by Mark Kaye, Moody’s Chief Financial Officer, to answer your questions. I will now turn the call over Rob Fauber.
Rob Fauber: Thanks, Shivani. Good afternoon. Thanks to everybody for joining today’s call. And like I did last quarter, I’m going to start with a few takeaways. And as everybody’s aware, during the third quarter, macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions continued to deteriorate. And that further suppressed the global debt issuance markets from the already subdued levels that we have seen in the first half of the year. At the same time, these conditions supported increasing customer demand for data and analytics to identify, measure and manage risk. And against this backdrop, our MA business continued to perform well, strong revenue growth of 14%, while MIS revenue declined by 36%. Overall, Moody’s generated $1.3 billion in revenue, with an adjusted operating margin of 39%. And we expect that low issuance volumes, particularly in the leveraged finance space, will persist through the remainder of the year. And as a result, we’re revising several of our 2022 outlook metrics, including our guidance for total Moody’s revenue, which is now expected to decline in the low double digit range. We’re also updating our outlook for full year adjusted diluted EPS to now be between $8.20 and $8.50. Now, in response to the expectation for continued economic headwinds, we’re also taking decisive steps to reduce our expense run rate by at least $200 million by year-end. And the cost savings will be realized across the Company and include a more than doubling in the size of our previously announced restructuring program, as well as various additional cost efficiency initiatives. And collectively, these actions put us in a position of strength as we head into 2023. And I’ll provide some additional details later in the call. Now, for the third quarter, MA recorded both, strong revenue growth of 14% and a 9% increase in annualized recurring revenue or ARR. With over half of MA’s business outside of the U.S., foreign exchange rates had an outsized impact on MA’s revenue growth, lowering it by 7 percentage points. For MIS, the 36% decrease in revenue against the record prior year period was driven by a 41% reduction in issuance. And altogether, this resulted in a 16% decline in Moody’s revenue, and the negative impact of foreign currency movements on total Moody’s revenue was 4 percentage points. Now, expenses grew just 1% in the third quarter as we continue to execute efficiency initiatives and emphasize cost discipline. And the net impact of lower revenue and controlled expenses translated to adjusted operating income of $497 million for the quarter, and adjusted diluted EPS of $1.85. Now, let me provide some additional context on the conditions impacting the issuance levels, and our revised full-year outlook for MIS. And at the beginning of the year, like others in the market, we anticipated that elevated levels of inflation would be transitory and slowly abate over the course of 2022. And instead, the conflict in Ukraine further impacted market confidence and commodity price shocks pushed inflation higher. And these factors prompted central banks to raise interest rates further and faster than expected, to levels we haven’t seen for more than a decade, and resulting in ongoing uncertainty and volatility in the capital markets. Meanwhile, corporate balance sheets remained robust following a surge in opportunistic pandemic era financing, allowing issuers to stay on the sidelines given market conditions. We expect that these macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions will continue to mute issuance levels, at least through year-end. And in light of this, we’re updating our guidance for 2022 MIS rated issuance to decline in the mid-30s percent range. Full year MIS revenue is now projected to decrease by approximately 30%. And while the outlook for next year will depend on the pace and scope of market stabilization and recovery, we’re confident that conditions will improve over time, and that the key growth drivers for issuance will resume. This year, only a little more than a quarter of the first time mandates that we signed have gone to market, meaning there’s a backlog waiting to tap the markets. And to leverage those opportunities, our teams have been engaging extensively with investors and issuers. And we haven’t been sitting still. We’ve been building our domestic rating franchises, including in Africa with the majority acquisition of GCR and across Latin America through Moody’s Local. And we’ve made significant progress in digitizing our content to both improve the customer experience but also to drive increased usage. As we look ahead, our pricing opportunity remains intact, and we know there are over $4 trillion in refunding needs that will likely be refinanced over the coming four years. In short, we’re continuing to deliver on our differentiated strategy to be the agency of choice for our customers. While current conditions for MIS are challenging, as those ease, issuance will accelerate, and we will be well positioned to capture growth and operating leverage through our extensive market presence. Now turning to MA, which despite the challenging market conditions, delivered another impressive quarter of revenue growth and margin expansion. 59 consecutive quarters of revenue growth, MA has proven to be acyclical and the third quarter was no different. MA reported 14% revenue growth, or 9% on an organic constant currency basis. And with best-in-class retention rates and growing customer demand, MA also achieved 9% ARR growth for the third quarter and that’s inclusive of RMS. We’re confirming our top line revenue guidance for 2022. MA full year revenue is expected to increase in the mid-teens percent range, and that’s despite a 5 percentage-point headwinds from foreign exchange rates. We expect ARR to accelerate to low-double-digit percent growth by year-end. We’re also raising the MA adjusted margin guidance to approximately 30%, that’s 100 basis-point increase of our prior guidance, reflecting ongoing expense efficiency. So, let me take a moment just to highlight our fastest growing business and that’s KYC and Compliance Solutions. And in recent years, we’ve invested and that’s been both, organically and inorganically, and acquiring developing and integrating data analytics and technology to create a world class set of solutions. And this combination supports new use cases around counterparty verification. That’s enabling us to grow with existing customers and add new customers in areas like the fintech, corporate and government sectors. We continue to receive industry awards and recognition, including most recently a top right quadrant positioning from Chartis. We also won the AI breakthrough award for our innovative solution for fraud prevention. And that’s one of an increasing number of places where we’re being recognized for the integration of artificial intelligence into our solutions. Also, as we pass on the one year anniversary of the RMS acquisition, let me give a quick update on that. We’re on track to achieve the financial targets announced last August, and I’m excited about the opportunities that are in front of us. We are laser-focused on maximizing our synergy opportunities by launching new products and pursuing markets that leverage our combined capabilities and strengths. So, for example, this past quarter, we launched our ESG underwriting solution for property and casualty insurers, which integrates Moody’s extensive data to help them operationalize ESG risk assessment into their insurance underwriting workflows. And I also want to recognize the great work being done by our colleagues at RMS. And in my meetings with customers over the last few months, I’ve heard firsthand about how important our solutions are in helping the industry address an increasing array of risks, including recently as we assisted our customers in rapidly quantifying the financial impact of hurricanes Fiona and Ian. Now, moving to the restructuring plan that I mentioned earlier. On our last earnings call, we said that we would take additional actions to manage expenses and improve operating leverage, if we observed further deterioration in the external environment. And given our view that the weakness in the issuance market will likely persist through at least the fourth quarter of 2022, our teams have undertaken a careful review of prioritization of ongoing initiatives and we have identified several avenues for meaningful savings. We are expanding our restructuring program to more than double, providing up to $135 million in savings in 2023 from a combination of rationalizing our real estate footprint and reducing our global workforce to reflect the reality of the current market environment. We have also undertaken a careful prioritization of ongoing initiatives in light of our current business priorities, and that has identified up to $100 million in additional savings. So collectively, these are projected to lower our 2023 expense run rate by at least $200 million. And as we take these decisive actions, we will be mindful to invest and allocate resources to maintain the rigor and quality of our ratings and processes. Look, these are challenging and uncertain times and we are prioritizing financial discipline today and making sure that we are well-positioned to capture growth opportunities tomorrow. So, that concludes my prepared remarks. And Mark and I would be pleased to take your questions. operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And the first question is from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks for taking my question. I was just wondering, if you -- as we think into 2023, if you could provide any initial color on how we should think about issuance. There was obviously an expectation that we may see a big bounce back in issuance. Is that still an expectation as we get into 2023, or just given the higher interest rate, is it more reasonable to think about a gradual recovery? I was just wondering if you could share some initial thoughts. Thanks.
Rob Fauber: Hi, Ashish. It’s Rob. And I’m pretty sure we are going to get multiple questions around issuance environment and issuance outlook. So, maybe let me start with kind of a big picture view and then as the call progresses, we will continue to kind of drill down, and I know we’ll talk about 2023. But you’ve heard me oftentimes on these earnings calls, when I said that -- I thought that the market could absorb rate increases as long as they were well anticipated by the market, and they were accompanied by economic growth. And that is not what we have had this year. So, the tightening cycle is really the steepest of the past two decades. I think that initially surprised the market. And it has been accompanied by decelerating economic growth. So, back on the last call, I talked about the factors that were causing the disruption to the market at the time. And I noted that, despite those factors, we expected that at the time 2022 issuance was going to come in roughly in line with the average of issuance from 2012 to 2019 period that excludes those pandemic years of 2020 and 2021. But given the weakness in the third quarter that as you heard me say, we expect to continue into the fourth quarter, we now think that the overall global insurance is going to be down something like close to 10% from that historical average. But what has really changed is that we now expect corporate issuance, and I’m including investment grade and leveraged finance, to be down almost 30% from that historical average ex pandemic. So, this is no longer kind of just down off of two unusual and record years for issuance. But now we see corporate issuance down meaningfully from its ex pandemic average going back to 2012. And I think that kind of illustrates the depth of the cyclical contraction that we’re dealing with at the moment. And as I think about, for the remainder of the year, I think the key is for the market to be able to get some certainty before it starts to get volatility. I think that’s going to be the case. So, let me let me pause there, and I’m sure we’re going to have some other issuance questions as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Manav Patnaik: Yes. Maybe I’ll follow-up as you anticipated, Rob. You talked about $4 trillion of refi needs over four years. I was hoping you could just help us how that breaks out. It looks like more of it might be in ‘24, but just curious on your numbers. And then, in a typical year, how much was refi as part of the divination, compared to, I guess, into the rest of the categories, which might just be more on capital allocation as a group, if that’s correct?
Rob Fauber: So, we included, I think, a slide in the supplemental materials around the maturity walls. And, as you said, it’s $4 trillion -- $4 trillion to $4.1 trillion, very significant amount of debt that’s got to get refinanced over the coming four years across the United States and EMEA. And it’s interesting, we actually -- as we kind of normalized, you had about $200 billion of debt that fell out of the study due to withdrawn ratings in Russia. So, the refi walls actually did actually grow this past year, grew something like 4% on a like for like basis. But I think what’s really interesting, Manav, if you go back, just look at the slides back in 2019, those maturity walls have grown 28% from 2019. If you actually go back another year, 2018, they’re up 54%. And we’re looking at a few things. So one, just the absolute maturity walls are significant and they’ve continued to grow, despite the fact there was obviously some refinancing activity that was going on when rates were ultralow. If you look at U.S. spec grade for a moment. So, if you look at the first two years and our refunding studies, they are about 18% of the five-year total. That’s the highest percentage since we started tracking in 2010. And the other thing, I would say, Manav, just to also try to triangulate to your question. If you look at the maturity walls for 2023 and you look at what our expectation is for corporate issuance for 2022, and I understand that’s a little apples to oranges, but it represents about 50% of what we expect to be the global corporate financing activity in 2022. That’s a pretty big number. And remember, 40% of the MIS business, thereabout is recurring revenue. So now we’re talking about the support for that other 60%.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm: I wanted to shift gears to the cost base, understand the restructuring program, but it will be helpful if you, I guess, Mark flush us out a little bit more. So, the $200 million achieved by the end of the year, how much of that is going to be actually impacting this year’s for your cost base? And then, I guess into 2023, how much on a net basis will be incremental as we think about the outlook there? And then, more importantly, I guess, if we expect growth to accelerate next year, hopefully, how should we be thinking about incremental margins on the ratings business? And are the low-60s target medium term still intact? So I know, it’s a three-part question, but I think it’s all important.
Mark Kaye: Alex, good afternoon. I anticipate we may get a couple of questions on expenses during our Q&A session today. And so, I’ll start off maybe by talking broadly about the restructuring program and addressing some of your margin specific questions now, and certainly we can take further ones later on. So, the market disruption and downturn, as you heard from Rob, you know, has extended for longer and has been more severe than what we anticipated early in the year. And because we’re primarily thinking that this will extend at least through the fourth quarter, we’re taking actions consistent without prior commitments and comments around being financially prudent and expense decisive. And that really means expanding the 2022, 2023 geolocation restructuring program that we established last quarter. So specifically, through year-end 2023, we now expect up to $170 million, or an approximate $95 million increase in aggregate charges related to additional real estate rationalization, as well as reduction of staff. And that’s going to include further utilization of alternative lower cost locations where the requisite skills and talents exist. And that’s all while ensuring that our focus and resources remain firmly allocated to protecting the high quality of our core ratings business, and continuing to strategically invest in growth areas within both, MIS and MA. For the full year 2022, as we take these additional personnel related actions, as well as exit and cease use of certain leased office space, we plan to record up to approximately $85 million in estimated pre-tax restructuring charges, and that’s going to be inclusive of the $33 million pretax restructuring charge that we’ve recorded year-to-date. And that means the remaining portion of the up to $107 million of restructuring charges will be recorded then in 2023. And these actions are now projected to result in an annualized savings in a range of $100 million to $135 million, and that’s more than double the $40 million to $60 million in annualized savings that we forecast under the restructuring program that we established last quarter. Furthermore, as you heard Rob mention just a minute ago, we have evaluated other opportunities for cost reduction, and that includes adjusting compensation policies, certain salary bands, reducing select non-compensation expenses as well as reassessing some of our business strategies. And those additional cost reductions along with this $100 million to $135 million of savings from the upsized restructuring program, that will generate at least that $200 million run rate of savings as we enter into 2023. And we plan to use these savings, to your second part of your question, to really support profitability and business margin as we take action towards achieving our medium-term financial targets and, to a lesser extent, plan to redeploy towards strategic investments, including workplace enhancements. And while we’ll provide official guidance for the full year 2023 in February, these expense actions are anticipated to increase and stabilize MIS’s 2023 adjusted operating margin in at least the mid-50s percentage range, and they’ll continue to expand MA’s adjusted operating margin as well.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kevin McVeigh with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Kevin McVeigh: Great. Thanks so much. And congratulations on the proactive expense management. I don’t know who this would be for. But any -- can you give us a sense of what level of conservatism you have in the 2022 guidance based on the adjustments you’ve made kind of year-to-date?
Rob Fauber: Yes. Hey Kevin. Thanks for joining us today. So, the way we kind of put together the -- some of -- the remainder of -- the guidance for the remainder of the year, we’ve essentially assumed a continuation of what we’re seeing right now into and throughout the fourth quarter. And just to give you a sense, our revised guidance for issuance implies that fourth quarter rate of issuance will be down in, call it, kind of the low-40s-percent range. And if we have another quarter of assumed unfavorable mix because of the softness in the leveraged finance markets, that would mean MIS transaction revenues would be down greater than that, right? So, they’d be down in the kind of low-50s-percent range. And then when you triangulate that back to revenue, implies that fourth quarter MIS revenue will be down in the mid-30s-percent range. And so that feels about right to us that we’re going to continue with this environment. We’ve got a pretty muted environment at the moment. And I think the rest of the year, in a way because we’re assuming that this continues, you’re kind of thinking of it as a bit of a wash because I think we’re going to be in a holding pattern until the market can get some more confidence about inflation peaking and, in turn, some certainty around the pace and trajectory of Fed rate increases.
Mark Kaye: Yes. Maybe just briefly I have two quick points. It’s worth highlighting that the confidence intervals around our modeled outlook are wider relative to what we’ve seen in prior periods, and that’s simply reflecting the heightened market uncertainty and volatility that we’re currently experiencing. And then, in contrast, MA has shown significant resilience to the current market disruption really as our customers continue to elevate and improve their level of risk resiliency, which underscores the mission-critical nature of our products.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Toni Kaplan: I wanted to ask again on the sort of outlook on issuance long term. You highlighted the refunding needs that’s supportive. And just wanted to understand if there’s anything that you’ve seen so far that would lead you to think that companies will try to delever in the coming years or anything that would sort of change the structural versus cyclical debate. And I know, Rob, you already said that you still think it’s cyclical, but just any data points that you’re looking at that would maybe influence that decision or debate?
Rob Fauber: Yes, Toni, sure. So, we’ll kind of zoom out here. And if we need to kind of zoom back into 2023, I’m sure we’ll do that. But as you said, Toni, there’s some pretty deep cyclical issues at the moment. We’ve talked about all the macro uncertainty. You’ve obviously got the market working off some of the excess supply of issuance over the two pandemic years. But there are a few things, I think, that we’re looking at that we feel are providing some, I would say, structural support for recovery in issuance markets. I talked about the refinancing walls, and those are very significant. There’s some concern during the pandemic with ultra-low interest rates, that we were eating into those maturity walls. It turns out they’re intact and, in fact, continuing to grow and will provide support for transactional revenue. But, I also say, this is -- there’s been no change to the relative attractiveness of debt financing. And you remember on various calls over the past, we’ve been talking about potential changes to tax codes and other things. None of that is out there. We’ve also seen -- there’s been a lot of focus on cash balances. And certainly, U.S. corporates were building cash during the pandemic years. We started to see that come down. So, our cash pile report shows about a 7% decrease over the last year. Cash levels are similar to where they were in 2018. And I would also say, Toni, that I’m going to zoom in on the U.S. for a moment, but U.S. corporates are in pretty good shape from a leverage standpoint. When we look at free cash flow to debt, that’s one way to look at it across our rated U.S. corporates. It’s at about 11%. That’s the best that it’s been since 2011. So that, to me, means that corporates still have some room to take on some additional leverage. And then the last thing maybe I would say is at the moment, we’re continuing to see some stability of spreads kind of remaining around historical averages. You heard me talk about a backlog of FTMs. So despite all of this and maybe that’s not a long term, maybe that’s a shorter term. But we do have -- we are seeing a lot of interest from issuers who want to tap the markets. So, as economic growth picks up, we expect all of that to be positive for issuance. I do think this is, as I said, is mostly cyclical, cycles come and go, but we feel good about our leverage to a recovery in the markets.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andrew Nicholas with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Andrew Nicholas: Just wanted to clarify a few things on the restructuring program. First, I want to make sure -- I’m looking at the slide 10. I want to make sure that that incremental savings of up to $100 million on the non-restructuring-related expense actions, I want to make sure that that’s something that’s baked in as opposed to a contingency plan. And then also, if you could give any color, and I apologize if I missed it, in terms of the split of those cost savings between corporate expenses versus MIS versus MA. I think, it would be helpful to understand that mid-50s MIS range that you alluded to, Mark, how much of that is a consequence of cost savings versus -- or cost actions versus maybe some baked-in growth next year? Thank you.
Mark Kaye: In terms of the incremental savings of up to $100 million that we list on the page 10 of the supplemental slide set, those are not contingency-based savings. Those are certainly actions that we will anticipate taking. Maybe Andrew, let me take your question from a perspective of expense levers that we have in the business. And I’ll try to group it in really four primary buckets, and that will give you a feel for how ultimately those savings are going to translate through to the two different segments. The first lever is very much related to our hybrid and purpose-driven work environment. And this environment really enables us to be equally effective and productive, as we were pre pandemic, with a much smaller physical office footprint. So last quarter, we announced plans to exit certain office space. And after further assessing the best use of our real estate footprint as well as gathering feedback from our global employees on their workplace preferences, we have identified additional opportunities for real estate rationalization as part of that expanded global restructuring program. And that real estate rationalization range that we’re looking at is between that $50 million to $70 million in total. The second category I’d point you to is certain non-compensation costs like T&E that are primarily business-facing, and those have increased compared to the prior two years. Now, although we anticipated these expenses to rise, there are others that we are prioritizing and reducing through supplier cost avoidances, rebates and volume discounts as well as negotiating for comparable levels of service with more favorable terms. And that’s going to include assessing whether any existing external services can be absorbed into our fully day-to-day responsibility. Now, the third category is really the largest, and that’s our largest expense and that’s people. And approximately 60% of our expense base is compensation and benefits. And we’ve already taken aggressive actions to prioritize hiring and hiring and open positions in key areas. And really, as part of our expanded restructuring program, we plan to increase our utilization of some of the alternative lower-cost locations, again, where those requisite skills and talent exist but protecting ultimately the high quality of the ratings and continuing to invest. And those actions themselves is really what’s going to lead to a higher MIS adjusted operating margin, at least in that mid-50s range that I mentioned earlier. And then fourth and finally, we also have naturally occurring expense levers in the business, for example, through our incentive compensation accruals. And those are going to flex based on the actual performance as compared to the financial targets that we set at the start of next year.
Rob Fauber: Yes. And just to reinforce, not contingent. Those are actions that we’re taking now to make sure that we can realize those savings for full year 2023.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Silber: I want to get back to the issuance environment. I’m just curious what you think will be the first sign that issuers are looking for to come back into the market and where in terms of which verticals we might see those green shoots.
Rob Fauber: Yes. So, maybe this is a good time to kind of talk about 2023 and how we see issuance starting to evolve over the coming quarters. And I’ll touch on what those triggers are as I talk about that. So, as we always do, we’re going to provide our official forecast and guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call in February. It’s just too early. I’m sure, as you can appreciate, given all of the uncertainty. But the first thing, so the first trigger is, I think we’ve got to get some certainty into the market. And I mentioned earlier, that means that the market has got to get confidence that inflation is peaking so that the market can then get comfort with the pace and trajectory of Fed rate increases. And that is really, really important. And I don’t think we’ve seen that yet. And so, our view is that Fed funds is going to peak sometime in the first quarter of 2023. But the headwinds that we’ve got now are not just going to disappear overnight. We think that it’s going to take into early 2023 to resolve some of that, and we’re still going to have a relatively tough issuance comp in the first quarter. And maybe it’s worth to me just kind of saying, just in terms of where do I think we are in all of this. I think that the third and fourth quarters of this year are really kind of the trough for us in terms of the rate of issuance decline from prior periods. And I think that’s going to gradually improve throughout 2023 and particularly in the second half of 2023 when we get some easier comps. So, I think we’re going to look for that certainty. As I said, what we typically see in terms of the markets opening up. So, you see the investment -- big investment-grade issuers, you start to see opportunistic investment-grade issuance. And then you see higher-rated leveraged finance issuers starting to tap the market and really start to open the leveraged finance market back up. So, we’re going to want to have default rates that are under control, spreads that are -- as I said, that’s what’s important to look at spreads around the historical averages. And then, we’ll start to see that leveraged finance market open up. As I said, we’ve got a lot of backlog. We’ve got a lot of first-time mandates that have not tapped the markets, and we know there’s a lot of private equity dry powder waiting to get deployed. So, that’s how I would think about when we can -- what it’s going to take to start to kind of unlock the market.
Jeff Silber: Right. That was really helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
George Tong: Sticking with the topic of debt issuance, your guidance implies 4Q issuance will be down in the low-40s range, similar to 3Q. If you look at how 3Q progressed, did it get worse progressively moving through the quarter? And the first couple of weeks of October were quite weak, much, much steeper declines than in the low-40s. So just curious, what assumptions are you baking into 4Q? Are you assuming the exit rate from 3Q and early 4Q will reverse and get better such that you land at overall average 3Q levels? And if so, what are you seeing in the markets that would prompt that?
Mark Kaye: I think your underlying hypothesis and thesis is very consistent with the scenarios that we looked at in setting our guidance for the remainder of the year. We definitely overweighted the September and October month-to-date issuance, informing our outlook for the remainder of the year. However, there really are two key points I want to stress here. One, the bands are wider now thinking about the outlook for the year than what we’ve historically seen. And second, we do believe this disruption is predominantly cyclical in nature. You heard Rob talk about a minute ago that we may be at the low point of the cyclical cycle. So, while we may see transactional revenue declines in the first half of next year, they’re unlikely to be that same level of severity that we’ve seen in the fourth -- seen in the third quarter and are implied for the fourth quarter. So, those are the kind of things that we’re thinking about sort of as we develop the full cost for the year and as we’re thinking about the first half of next year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Owen Lau: Could you please talk about how the private credit markets have impacted your results? Is there any area that Moody’s can still get a piece of it? And also, how do you think about your ability to achieve your medium-term targets based on current backdrop? Thank you.
Rob Fauber: Hey Owen. Thanks. So, this is an interesting topic, and we’ve been getting some questions from investors about this. So, let me share a few perspectives on this. First of all, just kind of the size of the market, about $1.2 trillion in 2021. It’s expected to continue to grow, assuming that this asset class continues to hold up. But the segment of the market that represents, I think, the potential cannibalization risk are loans, I’d say, $300 million and up. That’s kind of broadly the minimum threshold for deals that get done in the public market. And in 2021, something like $50 billion of those loans done in the private credit market versus a leveraged finance market that was, call it, $1.3 trillion. So, this year, we’ve had severe dislocation in the public leveraged finance markets. And that figure for that cohort of loans could be as high as kind of $90 billion to $100 billion. So yes, the private credit market was able to step in and provide some financing for certain transactions while the public markets were dislocated. But I think that actually brings us to an interesting question about risk and sustainability. So, private credit market clearly has more flexibility to provide higher leverage than public markets, meaningfully higher leverage. The private -- the cost of private debts is typically higher yielding, right, so more expensive than public markets. And leveraged companies with expensive debt typically have high default rates during periods of stress. So, I just -- I’d be wary of people that tell you that this time or this sector is different. So, it remains to be seen how this asset class is going to fare if we’ve got a meaningful increase in credit stress. I think it’s probably going to be hard to get a true apples-to-apples comparison on default rates, given that private lenders may be able to renegotiate agreements in times of credit stress. So, that growth and that opacity in this market is leading some people to start to call for regulation, but it’s also where I think that growth in capacity is where we can add value. So first, as I said, given the cost of private debt, I think, as corporate borrowers, as their credit profiles improve, I think we’re going to see some of these companies want to move from the private credit markets into the public credit markets. So, that growth of the private credit markets, I think, does represent some future first-time issuers into the public markets over time. Second of all, we’re actively engaged in outreach in this market to see how we may be able to provide things like private ratings or credit assessments before those companies do, in fact, tap the public markets. And the other thing I’d say is we’re starting to engage with investors in these credit funds who are looking for more transparency as to the credit quality of the funds that they’re invested in. And they’re saying, “Hey, rather than the internal risk ratings that these credit funds are using, we want to get an independent assessment of credit risk of the portfolio that we’re invested in.” So, I think we’re really well positioned to serve that particular need. We’ve got our risk calc and EDF credit models that are really considered the gold standard for portfolio and credit analysis around the world, and we’re starting to develop a sales pipeline around that. So, the last thing I’d say is -- so yes, private credit has been a meaningful source of leveraged finance funding this year as public markets were challenged, but we are seeing the market dynamics in that market starting to shift a bit as well. I mean, private credit is not immune to what we’re seeing in the market. So, you see credit funds cutting back on debt packages or increasing the equity component of deals are pulling back from big buyouts. So, while we’re engaged with private borrowers, private equity, credit funds and investors to see how we can play a more important role by bringing transparency to this market. So stay tuned.
Mark Kaye: Owen, on your second question, just on the medium-term target, so we introduced medium-term guidance in February of this year. And we set 2021 as the base year. And that was obviously prior to the very significant geopolitical shocks that have resulted from the Russia-Ukraine conflict as well as the unforeseen degree to which inflationary pressures driven by post-pandemic demand-supply mismatches would emerge. In establishing our medium-term targets, we intentionally assumed a period of economic stress following two historically strong issuance years. And our assumptions included foreign exchange rate stability as well as the expectation for interest rates to gradually rise over this period with global GDP gradually decreasing. However, as we know, this is certainly not how 2022 has unfolded in the space and the degree of macroeconomic headwinds with inflation at levels not experienced in decades. And as a result, we’ve seen central banks rapidly rise rates in attempt to current inflation expectation. And we’ve seen FX rates react quite significantly with the flight to quality. And so, those factors collectively have contributed to a lot of what we spoke about on the call this morning, really that extended in more severe market disruption. Now fundamentally, we believe the underlying factors and drivers of our business remain firmly intact. And the key to achieving our medium-term targets is going to be heavily influenced now not only by the macroeconomic outlook but also efforts around expense prudence and discipline and the issuance recovery pattern that we’re going to see in 2023 and beyond as issuers return to the market to refinance those existing obligations, fund their working capital needs and really invest for growth. And so, given those developments, we’ll be revising select medium-term guidance metrics when we hold our fourth quarter earnings call in February.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Faiza Alwy: So, I’m going to sneak in two. Just -- one is on MA margins. I believe you increased your outlook for ‘22, and I’m curious if that -- like what’s the reason for that if you’re maybe deferring some investments that you were originally planning to make this year? And sort of if you can talk about any sort of broad outlook on that for ‘23? And just my second question is, I believe you have some interest rate hedges in place where you’ve swapped your fixed rate for floating. So curious if you could share some perspective around what your exposure is to that and sort of when those hedges expire? Thank you.
Mark Kaye: Faiza, good afternoon, and thank you for the questions. On MA’s margin, I’ll speak really about 2022. So, after expanding MA’s adjusted operating margin to be above 30% year-to-date, we obviously are pleased to raise our guidance to approximately 30%, which is up from approximately 29% last quarter. And that includes about 100 basis points of margin compression from unfavorable foreign exchange translation rate and approximately 30 basis points of net headwinds from recent acquisitions, primarily RMS. And what it really means is that the underlying MA margin is expected to expand by over 500 basis points off of 2021’s actual result of 26%. I will note that the 100 basis points improved full year margin outlook does reflect new and ongoing expense control initiatives, primarily supported through actions from our corporate or shared service areas, so we’re still investing back in the business. And we still expect expenses to increase in support of growth opportunities in MA in the fourth quarter as we capitalize on our existing revenue momentum. On your second question around floating rate exposure, so we seek to maintain a floating rate exposure of between 20% and 50% of our overall debt portfolio. And although we initially issue all debt at a fixed rate, we do maintain a basket of interest rate and cross-currency swaps that convert a portion of outstanding fixed rate exposure to floating rates. So, as of September 30th, our floating rate debt was approximately 32% of the portfolio. And then, now most importantly, that’s a portion as 28% euro exposure and just 4% U.S. dollar exposure. So, our stock portfolio has performed very well historically. It’s reduced annual interest expense by about $55 million in 2021 and an anticipated $40 million this year. And it also brings our average -- weighted average cost of capital down by about 20 basis points to just over -- or just under 3.1%. If I try to think forward now about the impact to our P&L from the latest forward curves and what they imply for euro and U.S. dollar moves, you could think about the swap portfolio is moving to a more neutral rather than positive impact. So, taking that into account plus the fact that we issued debt this past August, I would expect the actual interest expense in 2023 to be higher by between $40 million and $60 million.
Rob Fauber: Yes. And just to kind of reemphasize, the balance that we’re trying to get right is being financially disciplined while, at the same time, making the investments that we need to make to continue accelerating ARR growth in MA.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Two quick housekeeping questions on pricing and incentive compensation costs. Historically, you guys raised prices usually 3% to 4% on average across the portfolio. What’s it going to be this year, please? And is it materially different for the ratings business versus the overall? And then, what’s your outlook for price and maybe next year, maybe it’s too early to talk about that. But if you could touch on that, I appreciate it. And then what was the incentive comp in the third quarter versus what it was for the first two quarters? Thank you.
Rob Fauber: Hey Craig, it’s Rob. So on pricing, and I’ll touch -- first of all, as we always say, we’re looking for kind of a 3% to 4% annual price increase across all of our business. And I would say that if anything, the -- and you hear us talk about this all the time, the volatility and uncertainty has really reinforced the importance of what we’re doing and the value of what we’re doing. In MIS, as we do every year, we conduct a very detailed review of our pricing across sectors and regions, and based on that work in the coming year, our list prices will probably reflect a bit more of an increase than our historical average. But our actual pricing realization as -- really as it always does, is going to depend on issuance mix. Where does the mix -- where does the issuance actually come from? In MA, we always think about our focus on kind of value-based pricing. And that’s why product development and integration of our content is so important. We’re looking to integrate new analytics and data sets into our offerings because that allows us to support both price increases but also upgrades and add-ons. And that’s why we actually think about those two things together. And so, we’re continuing to see some very good usage and demand for our products. That continues to support the pricing opportunity going forward.
Mark Kaye: The third quarter and year-to-date incentive compensation accrual was approximately $60 million and approximately $180 million, respectively. For the full year of 2022, we expect incentive compensation to be approximately $240 million. That implies, obviously, approximately $60 million in the fourth quarter, and that’s around 30% lower than the total incentive compensation we accrued for in 2021, and that’s primarily driven by a downwardly revised outlook for rated issuance.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andrew Steinerman with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Andrew Steinerman: Hi. Rob, I’m going to ask you about that trough comment. So, if you could just be a little more specific what you meant when you think fourth and third quarter is likely to be a trough for debt issuance, noting that we still have unfavorable mix in the fourth quarter, like when would you expect MIS revenue to start to improve?
Rob Fauber: Yes. So, what I really meant was that the year-over-year quarterly declines in revenue in MIS, we would expect a trough in the third, fourth quarter of this year. Even though we’ve got -- so we’ve got a tough comp in the first quarter of next year from an issuance perspective. But we think that the rate of declines have probably bottomed out here in the third or fourth quarter, and we’ll start to see gradual improvement throughout the balance of next year.
Andrew Steinerman: Right. Okay. That’s a revenue comment. I got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: I want to touch on both, what Manav talked about and Toni talked about. With the refi walls that we keep talking about, how much real support is there from these refi walls for MIS revenue? Like if I were just flat out say, “Hey, 2022 midpoint of revenue guidance, if we just have our refi walls, that would provide X percent of revenue.” Is that something you could provide so that we can get some kind of sense on that? And then just on the refi walls, I mean, most of the people on this call or were on the call earlier this morning that heard the CFO saying, “Hey, with the rates going up, we’re going to start paying down more debt.” And I’m just trying to understand what leverage measured as debt divided by EBITDA, it doesn’t take into account the interest expense. And CFOs, they want their earnings to increase besides just looking at debt to EBITDA. And how are you kind of factoring that into your refi wall expectations?
Rob Fauber: Yes. So, maybe just to try to come back and triangulate to see if this can help. If you think about the -- and it’s the first part of your question, if you just think about the -- let’s talk about in the corporate space. If you think about the maturities that are coming due in 2023, right, so we do our maturity walls. We’ve got four years of forward maturities. And then, when we look at what our expectation is for corporate -- global corporate finance issuance for this year, and I understand the 2023 maturity walls are going to get refinanced next year. But just given current levels of activity, it’s about 50%, right? So that, I think, is how you can start to size, right? And then you can say, okay, well, now as I think about the way to build to MIS revenue, well, 40% of it roughly is recurring revenue, then I’ve got 60% is transaction, how much is corporate and how much of those maturity walls there in corporate? Because that tends to be much more stable with financial institutions on kind of more regular issuance calendars and so on. So hopefully, that kind of gives you a sense of the size relative to the current activity levels in the market today.
Mark Kaye: And just on the deleveraging for a second, the dearth of issuance that we’ve seen, obviously, as a result of the year-to-date cyclical market disruption doesn’t indicate or lead us to believe or expect the trend of deleveraging. Just think about the factor when estimating future refinancing activities, one factor is certainly rising rates. That’s going to deter individual company treasuries from necessarily retiring use, for example, through -- or retiring debt, for example, through the use of any excess cash on the balance sheet. And the rationale we’re thinking there is that as the cost of debt increases, companies are going to be more likely to retain debt that was borrowed at more favorable interest rates rather than pay off those borrowings and then incurring the potential risk of being required to reissue in the future at higher rates and, therefore, potentially lower investor demand.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Russell Quelch with Redburn. Please go ahead.
Russell Quelch: A couple of questions. Firstly, am I right in saying that the ARR for Decision Solutions has fallen quarter-on-quarter from 11% previously to 10% this quarter? And if so, why? Maybe start there.
Rob Fauber: I understand how you’ve drawn that conclusion, but I think there’s some nuance here that we need to be able to provide to you. So ARR is an organic number and it always has been for us. So we have not had RMS in our ARR number that we have been reporting. So, Decision Solutions’ ARR grew about 10% in the quarter, but that’s with RMS now included. It was not previously. So that created a 3 percentage-point drag on Decision Solutions’ ARR. That would have been 13%, if we go back to the last quarter, Decision Solutions, now on a like-for-like basis was 11%. So, we look at this as actually an acceleration of a like-for-like ARR. And I think everybody on this call knows that RMS has had a lower growth profile. We’re confident about our ability to enhance that growth profile. But the ARR growth in RMS today is lower than MA, so it has a dilutive effect now that we’re including it in the ARR metric. I would say the same thing is true if we zoom out at the MA level, and I think that’s important to understand, too. So RMS was about a 1 percentage-point drag on overall MA ARR. So again, on a like-for-like basis, MA ARR, if we had not included RMS, would have been about 10%, up from 9% last quarter. And as you know, we’re guiding to low double digit for the full year. So, you heard me mention acceleration of ARR. That’s why we feel that there’s an acceleration of ARR.
Russell Quelch: Okay. Yes. That makes sense. And just as a follow-up, I mean, given the experience of 2022, is now the time to look more seriously at scale M&A opportunities in MA as a way of sort of reducing earnings volatility in the business? And I just wonder what your appetite for deals in this environment would be. Thanks.
Rob Fauber: Yes. So, we have a very active approach to corporate development. We always have. We have some very well-defined product road maps and what we call business blueprints about what are our customers looking for across our various product suites and where do we have gaps. Obviously, we’re pretty active last year and over the last several years, and we feel really good about bringing in RMS and really bulking up our capabilities around insurance and climate. So, we -- I think we feel pretty good about the portfolio that we’ve got. Sometimes it’s harder to transact in these markets than you think because there’s a bid-ask spread between what the sellers think is their valuation and what the buyers are willing to pay. And I would view us, I always have, as a disciplined buyer. We’ve got to make sure that we can achieve the synergies to make sure that we get the return hurdles that we want. So I guess, I would say, we’re always looking. We’re very disciplined in this market. And we’ve been using this time to really integrate what we’ve acquired over the last several years and really make sure that we’re getting the value out of those acquisitions that we were seeking to get. And frankly, we feel pretty good about the integration and the progress we’re making around a number of those deals that we’ve done over the last few years.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jeff Meuler with Baird. Please go ahead.
Jeff Meuler: Maybe if you could put some additional commentary around enhancing RMS’s growth profile. So, I caught that it’s on track from a financial target perspective, but for instance, like how are the upgrades for the new platform going? Where are you in terms of integrating the heritage Moody’s capabilities and leveraging MA’s market? And I guess, related to it, I think there’s some -- I think ESG has taken a bit of a hit in 2022. Is that showing through in terms of demand for your ESG solutions from clients and prospects or not? Thank you.
Rob Fauber: Yes. So, I’d say I’m pretty encouraged by where we are with RMS. And we’ve got a number of things that we’re making some real progress around integration. We’re on track certainly for the financial targets that we announced at the time. We’re at year end. We have confidence over our ability to continue to accelerate sales and revenue growth next year. I mean, you had asked about some of the tangible things that we’re doing. Let me just touch on a few. So, we’ve had some really nice traction around what we call ESG for underwriting. And that’s taking Moody’s ESG content and then being able to integrate it into the underwriting and portfolio management processes of RMS customers. And one of the things that our customers were looking for is just very broad coverage. And so, that’s been -- we’ve made some very good progress there. Second, we’ve been integrating RMS’ life risk models into our existing life offerings. And then on climate, and as you know, when we announced this deal, we wanted to be able to move much more substantively into insurance but we also want to be able to leverage their climate capabilities. And we’re developing a pretty thorough product road map around what we call Climate on Demand. And so, we’ve been engaging with a lot of customers in the banking and commercial real estate space about what they need and want around climate, and we’re building out that capability, leveraging the RMS, IP and models, and we’re building a sales pipeline for that. Another area that we see a lot of synergy is around commercial real estate. You’ve got -- RMS has a depth of information, obviously, about the physical risk relating to properties. We have enormous amount of information about a wide range of aspects of any given property in terms of market, location, creditworthiness of tenants and so on. And so, we’re pulling all of that together to create what we call kind of a high-definition view of real estate. And we think that, that’s going to be a very interesting offering for us. I’m only going to touch on ESG very briefly because there’s a lot more I can get into. But around ESG, what we’re starting to see is that there is more and more demand to be able to translate ESG and climate specifically to financial risk with the rigor that the market wants and needs. So, I kind of think of that as version 2.0 of what the market is looking for. Second, the market needs very broad coverage. And this is where we’re having some great conversations with our banking insurance customers who say, “I need to understand the ESG profile of, say, 150,000 companies.” Well, we’ve got coverage on 300 million companies, leveraging the Orbis database and our modeling and ESG capabilities. So, that is a source of real competitive differentiation for us. And then lastly, there’s just -- there’s growing demand for understanding the physical risk related to extreme weather and climate change and transition. And with RMS, we’ve got that at scale.
Mark Kaye: Maybe just two quick numbers around that. So we are maintaining our expectation for 2022 RMS sales growth to be in the mid-single-digit percent range. And that’s obviously up from RMS’ historical growth rate in the low-single-digit percent range. We also now expect RMS to become accretive or moderately accretive to adjusted diluted EPS in 2023. So, that’s a year earlier than what we previously projected in our deal model and as we communicated previously to the market. And then finally, our expectation for ESG and climate-related revenue is for a low-double-digit percent growth this year to approximately $190 million.
Rob Fauber: Yes. And maybe the last thing I’d add kind of beyond the numbers, but this stuff is important is we just found that the marriage with RMS has been a great cultural fit. And our teams are working really well together. I think that bodes really well for our ability to kind of deliver on integrated risk assessment together.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm: I know it’s late in the call, but just coming back to my original question from earlier, Mark, your mid-50s comment on MIS was helpful. But I think it’s somebody else said, there’s probably some sort of growth assumption embedded in that. So, if I may come back to the specifics I asked about earlier, like can you give us a little bit more help when it comes to the net impact of the $200 million restructuring this year and next year? And then, how we should be thinking about incremental margins in MIS as we think about 2023? I think that would be helpful as we have our own growth assumptions, clearly.
Mark Kaye: Alex, I appreciate you coming back into the queue to ask this question. I am -- we would like to intentionally not front-run our MIS revenue outlook for 2023. I think what we are comfortable committing to as a management team is what we’re able to control. And we certainly are able to control our expense base. And I think what we’re also comfortable to commit to you is that we’ll get the 2023 MIS adjusted operating margin at least in that mid-50s percentage range. In other words, as you consider modeling this out, we don’t want you to take the approximately 51% that we’re guiding to for 2022 and assume that’s a new baseline.
Rob Fauber: Yes. And I guess, Alex, I would say we don’t want to base that on just hoping that there’s growth in order to get to that level. So, we -- the hope is not a strategy. So we’ve really tried to think about the expense base without having to think that the only way that we can get to that margin that Mark is talking about is by having a huge snapback in revenue. Hopefully, that gives you a little bit of insight.
Alex Kramm: No, I appreciate it very much. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Manav Patnaik: Yes. Sorry. Maybe I can just follow -- complete with a follow-up to that question. So the $200 million in savings, is that all in the MIS business? Is that how you get to the mid-50s? And I guess, any kind of margin connection for MA in this [Ph] regard?
Mark Kaye: Manav, the $200 million or at least $200 million in run rate savings off of our 2023 expense base will benefit both, MIS and MA. As you can anticipate or you could probably infer, the benefit to MIS may be larger than the benefit to MA, given how we’re targeting expenses. We’re being very deliberate and very thoughtful around how we manage the expense base for the two businesses as well as the allocation of corporate expenses. On the MA adjusted margin, as we think about it, I think the way I’d propose to think about this through our medium-term lens here. And there, I would say that we remain on track to achieve our medium-term adjusted operating margin for MA of a mid-30s percent range within that 3 to 5 years. And that’s primarily due to, as you heard on this call, increase in the proportion of subscription-based product sales. They provide improved operating leverage, especially as recurring revenue becomes an increasing proportion of MA’s total revenue base.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Kevin McVeigh with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Kevin McVeigh: Hey. There’s been a lot of questions on corporate issuance. But I wonder, Mark, if you could talk about your own debt. It seems a little high. Anything to kind of call out there? Just is it timing? Maybe you could just frame that for us a little bit.
Mark Kaye: Kevin, thanks very much for the question. So, we remain committed to anchoring our financial leverage around a BBB plus rating, which we believe provides the appropriate balance between ensuring ongoing financial flexibility and lowering the cost of capital. And capital management at Moody’s really does extend beyond prudent allocation. We are thoughtful about our leverage and liquidity levels as well as maintaining a strong balance sheet. Over the last two years, we have enhanced our capital position and reduced our cost of capital, both by structuring a well-laddered debt maturity schedule and by extending our debt maturity profile to take advantage of, at the time, was a relatively flat yield curve and historically at low rates. Although our net debt to adjusted operating income, and I think this is the point that you’re getting at, was 2.3 times as of September 30th, and that’s well within the BBB plus rating range when accounting for our cash position. We have seen an uptick in our gross debt to adjusted operating income range, which was approximately 2.9 times as of September 30th. And that’s a direct result of the significantly weakened global economic conditions, again, relative to our first and second quarter outlook. And that means we are considering the possibility of perhaps executing a very smaller, very limited debt repurchase strategy in the coming months, just allowing us to opportunistically take advantage of current market conditions to marginally, marginally, marginally, delever our balance sheet and improve our gross debt position.
Kevin McVeigh: That’s helpful. And then, I know it’s getting late, but Mark, just any comments on CapEx for the balance of the year?
Mark Kaye: Absolutely. We expect CapEx for full year 2022 to be approximately $300 million. As a reminder, there are a number of factors underpinning our CapEx guidance, including our strategic shift to developing SaaS-based solutions for our customers, continued acquisition integration activities, specifically around our recent KYC and RMS acquisition as well as ongoing enhancements to our office and IT infrastructure associated with some of our workplace of the future programs. We’re not providing guidance for 2023. However, we do currently foresee absolute dollar CapEx to remain at similar levels to 2022, especially as we continue to emphasize developing hosted solutions.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Mark, do me a favor. Can you just dig in a little bit further on your 2022 expense bridge attribution? And also curious what’s your currency sensitivity right now on costs. Thank you.
Mark Kaye: On the 2022 expense outlook, we are lowering our full year 2022 operating expense guidance from growth in the high-single-digit percent range to the upper end of the mid-single-digit percent range. And our outlook for the year assumes additional expense accruals in the fourth quarter of up to $55 million related to the expanded restructuring program that we’ve spoken about. If I were to exclude these restructuring-related charges, our outlook for the full year operating expenses would have been at the lower end of the mid-single-digit percent growth range. And that’s just demonstrating the ongoing expense discipline and prudence, especially compared to our full year guide back in February, which was for an increasing in the low-double-digit range for expenses at that time. Specifically to your question, Craig, for the full year 2022, we anticipate expense growth of approximately 7 percentage points related to acquisitions completed in the last 12 months. It’s primarily RMS. Approximately 3 percentage points related to the restructuring program. And then ongoing growth and investments, net of cost efficiencies and lower incentive compensation, is approximately flat. And then there’s a small partial offset from favorable movements in foreign exchange rates of approximately 4 percentage points. That should get you to that answer. On your second question just on FX, we have seen significant moves this quarter in FX. And so, if I were to update the annualized impacts of further foreign currency movements for modeling purposes, they would be every $0.01 movement between the U.S. dollar and the euro will impact full year EPS by approximately $0.03 and then full year revenue by approximately $10 million. And then every $0.01 FX movement between the dollar and the pound, that impacts full year revenue by approximately $2 million and then full year operating expenses by $2 million, so call that effectively neutral on an EPS basis.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Owen Lau: Thank you for squeezing me in. Could you please talk about, is there any impact from the Inflation Reduction Act on your share repurchases program? Thank you.
Rob Fauber: I don’t think we expect any material impact -- tax impact, at least on share repo.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hey Rob, MA revenue has been remarkably resilient. I was just wondering, is there any areas within there that you would think if we head into like a real significant recession, that we would start to see some kind of changes in growth rates over there? Like how should we think about that on a component basis?
Rob Fauber: Yes. Shlomo, great question. I mentioned in the opening remarks that MA, it’s been pretty acyclical. And I know it might sound trite but it is because they’re providing these mission-critical products that are helping organizations deal with risk. So, in times of stress, the value prop of our offerings actually increases. And we see that with things like our CreditView usage that’s up on a year-over-year basis. And I have to say, I’ve been meeting with a lot of customers. And the strategy to help customers with this multidimensional and integrated perspective on risk, it really does resonate, and I think it resonates more now than ever. We’re having some really great conversations with our customers. So, we feel good about that. If you think about like a severe downturn, let’s take the global financial crisis. In that case, what we saw was that we had some bankruptcies, we had some consolidations in certain sectors. The banking sector, obviously, was under pretty severe stress. And at the time, a much bigger proportion of MA’s customer base was banking. So, we were more exposed to the banking sector at that time. And we did see that we -- retention rates would tick down a little bit as we lose customers. And we’ve talked about in the calls before, our retention rates are pretty high right now. But we could also see some lengthening of sales cycles. I think others would see the same kinds of things, more challenging pricing discussions, which is why back to that point I made around pricing, it’s so important to be thinking about what is the value that you’re driving into the products to be able to support pricing. That’s really important to be able to communicate that to your customers in times like this, so. But I guess the last thing I’d say, Shlomo is, yes, it’s a pretty challenging environment right now. And not only are we not seeing that, but as I said earlier, we’re actually accelerating ARR growth in MA in the current environment.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions. Please continue with any closing remarks.
Rob Fauber: Okay. With that, thank you everybody for joining. I appreciate the questions, and we’ll talk to you on the next earnings call. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes Moody’s third quarter 2022 earnings call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the Company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the Investor Resources section of the Moody’s IR homepage. Additionally, a replay will be made available immediately after the call on the Moody’s IR website. Thank you.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-26 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Moody's Corporation Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for a question-and-answer session following the presentation. I will now turn the call over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shivani Kak: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us to discuss Moody's second quarter '22 results and our revised outlook for full year 2022. I'm Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the second quarter of 2022 as well as our revised outlook for full year 2022. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures referenced during this call in U.S. GAAP. I call your attention to the safe harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the SEC's website. These, together with the safe harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. Before we begin, I'm pleased to announce that in response to feedback from our external stakeholders, we have enhanced our earnings materials and changed the format of our call for this quarter. This morning, on our IR website, we published our supplementary presentation along with our updated earnings release, materials that we believe provide substantial insights into our business. As such, during the call, we will not be going through our usual presentation. Instead, Rob Fauber, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide a brief overview of our results and outlook, after which he will be joined by Mark Kaye, Moody's Chief Financial Officer, to answer your questions. I will now turn the call over Rob Fauber.
Robert Fauber : Thanks, Shivani. Hello, and thanks to everyone for joining today's call. And as Shivani mentioned, I'm going to keep my opening remarks brief so that we can get straight to your questions. And I appreciate that it's been a very busy morning for many of you on the call. So let me begin with a few key takeaways about our results. And then I want to spend a few minutes on our outlook and the continued strength and relevance of our business. So let me start by reinforcing that as challenging and volatile conditions in global capital markets continue, we're leading the way in providing integrated perspectives on risk for our customers. And this quarter was really a tale of 2 cities as our ratings business was significantly impacted by the slowdown in issuance activity and our MA business continued to grow very nicely. And as we've said previously, year-on-year comparisons with our record performance in 2021 would be unfavorable this year. And overall, Moody's revenue declined approximately 11% in the second quarter. And given the operating leverage in the MIS business as well as the negative impact of foreign exchange, adjusted diluted earnings per share declined by 31% from the prior period -- prior year period to $2.22. MIS, which was significantly impacted by ongoing cyclical disruption in the global debt markets due to a few things, rising interest rates, high inflation, unsettled geopolitical conditions, MIS generated revenue of $706 million. And really, to put that in perspective, global rated issuance was down 32% for the quarter. and transaction revenue was down 40%, and that reflects the negative mix driven by the weakness in the leveraged finance markets. And when balanced by our recurring revenue, this translated to a 28% decline in total MIS revenue for the quarter. Now on the other hand, customer demand for our MA suite of solutions that help navigate market uncertainty and identify and measure and manage risk, that demand remained robust. And that fueled steady growth in our subscription and SaaS-based products, which, along with the contributions from prior year acquisitions, delivered revenue growth of 18%. And MA revenue growth was negatively impacted by 5 percentage points due to FX in the quarter. Now you'll recall earlier this year, we introduced an annualized recurring revenue or ARR metric for MA, and we believe that's a good indicator of future growth. In this quarter, our organic ARR grew by 9%, and we expect this growth to further increase to low double digits by year-end. And that's supported by both our ongoing product development investments that broaden the ways in which we serve our customers and by the growth in our sales force and strong sales execution. Now I expect that many of you will have questions about our outlook in a few minutes. And I'd like to make a few comments about our expectations before we get to it in the Q&A. And we anticipate that the current market disruption will persist for the remainder of the year, and we've updated our guidance to reflect that. Now obviously, if actual conditions differ from the assumptions underlying our guidance, our results for the year may differ from our revised outlook. Now for MIS, we expect issuance to decline approximately 30% for the year and full year 2022 revenue to decrease in the low 20s percent range. Now the last 2.5 years have been unusual to say the least, so I have to acknowledge that with all the uncertainty in the market, the confidence interval around our outlook is probably wider than it was. Our business outlook for MA remains unchanged. However, due to the impact of the weakening euro and British pound against the U.S. dollar were slightly reducing MA's revenue growth outlook to the mid-teens percent range. Now taking the reduced MIS revenue guidance and the impact of foreign exchange into account, we now forecast Moody's full year 2022 revenue to decline in the high single-digit percent range and adjusted earnings per share are now projected to be in the range of $9.20 to $9.70. Incorporated into our outlook is a new restructuring program, and that's part of our broader approach to expense management. This Geolocation Restructuring Program helps us further adapt to the new global workplace and talent realities, and it accelerates a number of ongoing cost efficiency initiatives, and that includes real estate optimization and increased utilization of lower-cost operational hubs. We expect this program to generate $40 million to $60 million in annualized savings with up to $75 million in aggregate charges through 2023, and we plan to partially redeploy these savings back into the business to support ongoing organic investments, including things like sales deployment and employee retention. Now before I open it up to questions, let me try to put all this into perspective for a few minutes. Now debt issuance markets are clearly in a period of cyclical turbulence. However, we believe that the fundamental drivers of issuance remain firmly intact. And taking a medium-term view, we expect issuance to resume as capital markets adjust to a higher interest rate environment. And as you saw in the slides that we shared this morning, the volume of outstanding corporate debt in the U.S. has grown each year for the last 30 years, and we believe that the fundamental role of debt in fueling economic activity and financing business growth remains unchanged. Global GDP growth is expected to continue, albeit at a lower rate. Corporate refinancing needs remain strong. And on a historical basis, rates and spreads are relatively in line with their averages despite some recent increases. So during this market -- this period of market turbulence, we're going to continue to focus on what we can control in MIS. And that is to ensure that Moody's remains the rating agency of choice, providing a world-class experience for issuers and ensuring the quality, relevance and timeliness of our ratings, research and insights that all reinforce investor demand pull. MA remains a strong and resilient business with almost 60 quarters of consecutive growth. And our investments in product development and sales are accelerating our organic ARR growth, and we're realizing the benefits of our recent acquisitions. In fact, we're ahead of or have met with targets that we set for our acquisitions of BvD and RDC, and though it's early days, we are on track to meet our targets for RMS. Now stepping back and looking at the big picture again for just a moment. We see strong demand for our integrated risk assessment offerings. And the value that Moody's provides to our customers, especially in these uncertain times, remains unmatched. So across the business, we're innovating and investing to provide our customers and market participants with the products and the insights that they need to decode risks and unlock opportunities. And lastly, all of this would not be possible without the tremendous efforts of our people, and I want to thank them for all of their continued hard work and dedication. So that concludes my prepared remarks. So Mark and I would be pleased to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from George Tong with Goldman Sachs.
George Tong : I really welcome the new format for the earnings call. You're assuming issuance volumes declined 30%, it looks like, in 2022, based on your supplemental materials. How much conservatism is baked into that guidance? And what does that assume for issuance volume performance over the remainder of the year compared to performance over the first several months? How should we think about seasonality in 3Q issuance?
Robert Fauber : Yes, George, thanks for the feedback. So I suspect there'll be a few questions on issuance and outlook on this call. So I'm going to start, George, by trying to take kind of a big picture view, and then I will get to your question about kind of year-to-date year to go. But let me try to put this year's issuance into some sort of historical perspective. First of all, there are 2, not 1 but 2, big shocks that are impacting the markets at the same time right now. And the first is what I think we all understand is the inevitable monetary tightening after a period of historically low interest rates. And now we've got the Fed aggressively addressing inflation. And that has caused a lot of uncertainty in regards to both the trajectory and the pace of rate increases versus what I think the market had both assumed and was hoping for would be a kind of slow and steady and well understood trajectory of rate increases during a period of tightening. But the second shock that we've got is the uncertainty around the duration and the severity of the Russian-Ukraine crisis, and that's obviously led to a spike in energy prices that's further contributed to inflation, and it's also just eroded, I think, global confidence in general. So -- and not to mention, we are still dealing with COVID-19 and the knock-on impacts of supply chain disruptions. So that's a lot of complexity. And that complexity is causing tremendous volatility in the markets that we're all living through as investors are trying to navigate all of these interdependent shocks and their implications. Now let me put this in perspective. With all of that going on, our outlook for issuance this year is almost exactly on top of the average annual issuance of something like $4.4 trillion over the last decade, excluding the pandemic years of 2020 and 2021. So yes, issuance is going to be down significantly. But when you think about comparing it to 2019, that was quite a normal functioning year.
George Tong : Great. And as a follow-up, you've previously given medium-term targets for MIS margins in the low 60s. What are your latest views on medium-term MIS margins and how much flexibility do you have in managing MIS expenses?
Mark Kaye : George, MIS's medium- to long-term business fundamentals remain intact. And that's, again, based on our view that the current market disruption in issuance is cyclical rather than structural in nature. And our view is informed by several data points and observations. For example, the stock of data has stably grown over the past several decades. The price to value is compelling for our customers and that there are strong refinancing needs that will buttress the transactional revenue base. I'd also note that credit spreads themselves are close to historical averages, and the interest burden effectively remains low for corporates. Therefore, as issuance growth normalizes in the future, we expect the MIS adjusted operating margin to stabilize in that low 60% range. Furthermore, we are continuing to carefully evaluate our expense base while reinvesting through the cycle to support strategic expense growth initiatives in MIS, and that's going to include ESG and climate, technology enablement, strengthening of our analytical capabilities as well as expansion into new markets, regions and evolving risk areas. And with that, I'd say we still feel confident about that low 60s medium-term target range.
Operator: Out next question will come from Kevin McVeigh with Credit Suisse.
Kevin McVeigh : Thanks so much. And again, I'll echo my sentiment on the new disclosure is very helpful. I guess just following up on the issuance, could you frame out -- because to your point, the $4.4 trillion seems like the 10-year average. And I know we're not going out to 2023. But as you think about kind of beyond '22, does it hover around that? And maybe just talk to supply versus demand dynamics within the context of issuance more what gets investors reengaged. Is it the Fed funds at the increase at the end of the month or more visibility on the Ukraine? I know that's a hard question, but just any way to frame where you think that gets reengaged and whether or not it's just the refinances that ultimately trigger some incremental issuance?
Robert Fauber : Yes, Kevin, so let me maybe talk a little bit about kind of upsides and downsides to kind of our outlook and see if this addresses your question. But let me know. Look, I think in developing the outlook, we feel like it's largely kind of weighted towards the downside. We've effectively taken the activity and the market conditions that we've seen in the first half of the year. We've effectively rolled that forward for the balance of this year and assume that that's effectively what we're going to have for the rest of the year. So you're asking kind of what could get maybe the market started. I think one of the keys that we're going to look at is whether we continue with economic growth or whether we tip into recession. And I think one of the keys to that is inflation. If the Fed can get that under control, I think there's the possibility that they pull back from more aggressive rate hikes towards the end of this year and into 2023. I mean, you mentioned Russia and Ukraine. Certainly, some sort of resolution there, which would address some of the supply chain issues and ease some of the inflation on commodity prices, but also just reinforce market confidence, I think, would be a positive. And that point around confidence is very important because it's very difficult for issuers to issue into volatile markets. So the volatility that we see in equity markets translates into volatility in issuing in the debt markets. And so, some period of stability. So that's why the kind of certainty in resolving some of these things, I think, will be quite helpful. In terms of headwinds, it's a little bit of the converse, right? But it's worth mentioning in a recession scenario, that's when we'd see defaults likely start to tick up and spreads widen, that would be a headwind. So we're keeping -- really kind of keeping an eye on that.
Kevin McVeigh : That's super helpful. And then just to follow up real quick. It seems like you're keeping the expense investments intact against kind of some of the adjustments in revenue. Is that just a function of the confidence in the business? Or is there opportunity to maybe take advantage of some of the dislocation that the market currently offers?
Mark Kaye : Kevin, we view very much, as Rob mentioned a moment ago, the market conditions as being cyclical in nature. That really means we're going to plan to invest through the cycle as we execute on our strategy of providing global integrated perspectives on risk. The opportunity set itself is very substantial in markets that are large and expanding, KYC and compliance, banking and insurance. And therefore, even though we're continuing to evaluate and support investment opportunities underpinning our future revenue growth and expansion, we're going to balance that against those activities that are needed to generate short-term cost efficiencies to support our margins and ultimately help us achieve our medium-term margin objectives. So for example, we remain committed to organically invest $150 million in areas this year like product development, sales distribution capacity as well as an additional $50 million into our -- and back to our employees, and that's going to be balanced against some of the new cost efficiencies, which are derived from the 2022, 2023 Geolocation Restructuring Program that we announced this morning. We've also learned since the beginning of the pandemic that many business activities can be performed successfully remotely. And while T&E costs may rise as compared to prior 2 years, we're going to prioritize customer-facing travel we needed. And of course, we have that naturally. We have some naturally occurring expense levers such as the incentive compensation accruals, which are obviously going to flex based on our actual performance as compared to the targets we set at the beginning of the year.
Operator: Our next question will come from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan : Let's throw one in on MA. So it looked like you lowered the guide, but only because of FX. So essentially kept it in line there, but the ARR, you're expecting to accelerate into the end of the year. So I thought that, that was actually a really positive data point. Maybe just give some color on which what's driving that. And is the environment bill somewhat positive on that side? Would you expect that becomes more challenged, but you can outperform the environment? Or would you expect that, that just continues to do well because of clients wanting risk solutions, et cetera?
Robert Fauber : Toni, it's Rob, and thanks for kind of peeling back the onion there. So I think you got the right message, the right takeaway on MA. The results are really in line with our prior expectations on a constant dollar basis. As we mentioned, FX was a significant headwind this quarter, reduced growth by 5 percentage points. And on an organic constant dollar basis, revenue grew at 8%. And our guide for the full year incorporated a little bit of the seasonality that you're seeing in the quarter-to-quarter results in MA, and that relates mostly to our banking and insurance businesses within Decision Solutions. And I think you hit on it. The key here is that we are still confident in achieving our full year revenue guidance, and we've adjusted that guide solely to account for the impact of FX. And I think very importantly, one reason we introduced ARR was to kind of look through revenue and the quarterly impact of revenue and be able to really focus on the growth in the base of recurring revenue. And we continue to feel confident about our ability to hit the low double-digit guide for ARR growth. Let me give you a little bit of insight into what's driving that acceleration through the end of the year. We've talked about how we have realigned our entire global sales organization really to better organize around our customers, and we're continuing to invest to build out our capabilities across all parts of our sales organization to be able to both deepen the penetration of existing customers as we have broadened our product suite and also to bring in some new logos. And we believe that those investments are, in fact, showing some early results. Our sales leading activity levels have gone up pretty meaningfully as a result. And our gross business per sales rep has been pretty consistent with our expectations. And that means that even as we have added salespeople, they have remained as productive on a per head basis as before. So we're getting some good production out of the new sales team. The second thing is through the first half of the year, we've had some good price capture compared to our historical level. And that really is due to the enhancements that we continue to make to our products and really enhances that value proposition and our ability to capture price. A good example of some of the stuff we're doing, and you're going to see in coming quarters is around CreditView, where we're continuing to redesign that web -- our flagship web credit research platform, we're overhauling the look and feel. We're going to have come out with considerably greater functionality and content and that will be a good opportunity for us to price for value. And the last thing, Toni, I would say that's giving us confidence, just obviously, we monitor our sales pipeline very, very closely. And the sales pipeline right now is very strong and gives us confidence in our ability to hit that ARR number for the year.
Toni Kaplan : Perfect. That sounds great. And then for the follow-up, Mark, I know you lowered the free cash flow guide about 20% at the midpoint versus prior midpoint. I know MIS probably the biggest piece of that. But is there anything else that you want to call out in terms of lower free cash flow guide? And then also in terms of use of capital outlook on sort of buyback, you lowered that as well.
Mark Kaye : Toni, let me take the free cash flow question and then separately, I'll address the share repurchases and the buyback guidance, perhaps another question which comes up a little bit later on. In terms of free cash flow guide for the year, what we wanted to do is to reflect the year-to-date global free cash flow of $628 million, and that was down around 49%, primarily on, to your point, the lower net income that's been driven by the reduction in MIS revenue due to significantly curtailed issuance. In addition, this quarter, we also had a tax-related working capital headwind, the impact of which is expected to partially reverse out later this year, and that's reflected in our updated full year outlook. The midpoint of our revised full year 2022 free cash flow guidance of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion does imply a free cash flow to U.S. GAAP net income conversion ratio, that's approximately 100%, and that's very much in line with our historical conversion levels. And that means that our refreshed 2022 guidance at the midpoint now assumes both adjusted diluted EPS and free cash flow will decrease in the low 20% range.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ashish Sabadra with RBC.
Ashish Sabadra : Just wanted to drill down further on the issuance side. I was wondering if you could talk about the pipeline for new issuers. And also, if you could just talk about like what percentage of the issuance right now is really coming from new issuance versus refinancing of existing debt. And any thoughts around how that could trend for the rest of the year and exiting the year?
Robert Fauber : Ashish, maybe let me talk a little bit about what's going on with our first-time mandates, and these are new issuers into the market. And then I'll give you a little bit of color on what's going on currently in the market, kind of what we're seeing. But we revised our range for first-time mandates down from -- it was $850 million to $950 million in the last quarter. We've revised that down to $700 million to $800 million for the year. And that's because we had another slower quarter. U.S. first-time mandate activity remained muted, I would say. But it's pretty highly correlated to leverage finance issuance. That's where most of your first-time issuers into the market come from. We expect the activity levels that we see in the first half, kind of like our broader issuance outlook to remain pretty steady in the second half of the year. I think September will be a key month. We'll be post earnings blackout post summer, and we'll see if there's some issuers that have been sitting on the sidelines that choose to hit the market at that point. It's interesting, we have something like a little over 400 first-time mandates that we signed through the first half of the year, but not all of those are coming to market. And in fact, just to give you -- put a little meat on the bones there. So far this year, and excluding APAC, about 40% of the new mandates that we've signed have not actually printed. And that was -- that number was something like 10% in the first half of 2021. To give you a sense, it typically takes something like 2 months from the time that we executed an engagement and the issuer actually issued a bond. That time frame has more than doubled. So in terms of what kind of market do we have right now, obviously, it is still a very challenging environment. The sentiment changes from week to week and even day to day. I would say at the very moment, there's a positive tone in the markets. This week, investment-grade issuance has had its best week in something like 12 weeks. The issuance is generally dominated by financial institutions, but that may change as we kind of get through blackouts here. High yield and leveraged loans has still been pretty light. We have seen a few high-yield deals hit the market earlier this week. The secondary market firmed up towards the end of last week. Spreads came in, I don't know, something like 40 basis points or so. But in general, it's still a pretty quiet market for leveraged finance.
Mark Kaye : Maybe, Ashish, just to add a little bit on to Rob's remarks. We do anticipate the absolute dollar MIS transaction revenue to be slightly lower in the second half of the year vis-a-vis the first half of the year, and that would align to the historical issuance patterns we've seen over the prior 5 years. On average, the second half of the year has traditionally contributed about 47% of the full year's transaction-based revenue. And furthermore, we expect that total MIS revenue to return to more of that sort of 2-type patent consistent with what we've observed prior to the pandemic, and that will cause a little bit of margin headwinds in the third quarter.
Ashish Sabadra : That's very helpful color. And then my second question was just going to be on the expense bridge. This is on Slide 23, where you've provided the expense bridge. I didn't see incentive comp broken out as it was broken out in the first quarter. I was wondering if you could provide any color on how we should think about incentive comps decline in '22 versus '21?
Mark Kaye : Absolutely. So maybe let me spend a minute on expense bridge and then I'll get to the direct question around incentive compensation. So for the full year 2022 operating expense guidance, we are reaffirming high single-digit percent growth. And that includes $31 million in accrued expenses as part of the 2022-2023 Geolocation Restructuring Program that we announced this morning. If we excluded that restructuring charge, our outlook for full year operating expenses would have been in the mid-single-digit percent growth range. And so specifically for full year 2022, you could see anticipated expense growth of approximately 8 percentage points related to acquisitions completed in the last 12 months, primarily RMS, approximately 1 percentage point related to the restructuring program I just mentioned. And then operating growth and investments net of ongoing cost efficiencies, 6 percentage points and then lower incentive comp, minus 6 percentage points, so effectively operating growth in investments being approximately flat. And then, of course, a partial offset from favorable movement in foreign exchange rates, so 2 more points. The outlook also then implies year-to-go operating expense growth of a decline in the low single-digit percent range. And while we don't normally provide expense growth forecast by segment, given that we still expect the majority of our 2022 strategic investments to support future MA revenue opportunities, the year-to-go segment implied guidance would be a high single-digit percent decline and a mid-single-digit percent increase for MIS and MA, respectively. And then on to your specific question, the second quarter and year-to-date incentive compensation accrual was approximately $50 million and approximately $114 million, respectively. And for full year 2022, we expect incentive compensation to be around $240 million, including RMS.
Operator: And our next question will come from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm : Just, of course, coming back to MIS for a second here. You multiple times have talked about the normalization that you expect to occur. So just wondering if you look out a little bit more than just the next couple of quarters, how much confidence we should be having? I guess what I'm asking specifically is in prior periods of issuance declines, and that's obviously what we're looking for 30% down, we've seen a pretty big snapback and I think a lot of people expect that to happen again next year. So I'm just wondering how much confidence we should be having in that. Like the refinancing walls actually don't really start increasing for a couple of years. Obviously, M&A has been down year-to-date. And then lastly, with higher rates and higher spreads, the kind of opportunistic financing is still pretty anemic. So just wondering how much confidence you have that we get that snapback next year or if it could actually take a couple of years for that normalization to play out?
Robert Fauber : Yes. Alex, maybe a couple of things. Again, I'm just going to give you a few kind of data points and perspectives just to try to triangulate around this. And we kind of looked at issuance over the last 10 years and then compare that to our current outlook for 2022. And just to give you a sense of kind of what we're dealing with, the last time that overall corporate finance issuance was below this current outlook was 10 years ago. It was back in 2012. And when you look at our -- at average issue over that 10-year period and you exclude the 2020 and 2021 periods, our outlook for investment grade is about 10% to 15% below that 10-year average. Looking at leverage finance, our outlook implies issuance probably 5, 6 percent above that 10-year average. So high yield -- the high-yield market is very quiet. In fact, we're seeing levels of issuance that are even below 2009 and -- so an important component to our overall kind of outlook is leveraged loans. I think as I'm going to tie that on then to thinking about how to triangulate that then to our medium-term outlook because we continue to feel good about that medium-term outlook. So you've heard me talk about issuance over this kind of 10-year period. And whether you look at overall issuance or just fundamental issuance, so either overall, including structure or just fundamental, it's grown roughly in line with GDP growth, obviously, plus or minus 1% or 2% and GDP growth grew at something like 3% over that period. Obviously, there have been puts and takes to that on any given year. The asset class with the fastest issuance growth has been leveraged loans over that period of time. And that contributed to a favorable mix over the time period. You hear us talk about it on these calls all the time. So now let me go to medium term. And if you think about the building blocks that we always talk about, GDP growth, pricing, recurring revenue growth from first-time mandates and mix. If we've got modest economic growth, which is the outlook, I think, kind of in the near to medium term, let's call it low single digits, then translate that to issuance growth and low single digits is probably a reasonable assumption based on history like I was just talking about. You got a modest benefit from ongoing disintermediation, -- and rather than mix as a tailwind, I'd probably assume it's either neutral to a slight headwind. So if we're in a recessionary scenario, we're probably at the low end of that low to mid-single-digit range. And if we're experiencing recovery and expansion, we expect to be at the higher end of that range. So Alex, hopefully, that gives you a little bit of a sense of why we continue to be comfortable with that kind of medium-term guidance. And I know we got a lot of questions about it when we first put it out into the market, but I think you can kind of see where we're coming from here.
Alex Kramm : No, no, that's helpful. And I appreciate very uncertain times these days. Just maybe a quick one then. And apologies if that has come up already on the Moody's Analytics side. It seems like clearly a lot of mission-critical products, a lot of demand because you're expanding into high-growth areas. But just any areas that I should be aware of as it comes to potential pockets of risks, things that maybe clients can do without in a tougher selling environment or any areas where maybe sales cycles are lengthening at all? Or is it really strong across the board?
Robert Fauber : Alex, not really. We continue to have some very strong retention rates, and there's nothing I could point to there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Steinerman with JPMorgan.
Andrew Steinerman : I wanted to ask about Decision Solutions. Rob, you mentioned some seasonality of a specific product in that area. And I guess you were talking about it here in the second quarter because our Decision Solutions organic revenue growth year-over-year, substantially decelerated to 8%. So if you could just tell us about the banking product that kind of drove that growth deceleration in the second quarter. And of course, you can imagine the other side of that question is, will that seasonality of that banking product benefit third quarter organic revenue growth for Decision Solutions?
Robert Fauber : Yes, Andrew. Let me first start by just reminding everybody about the really kind of the core components of what's in Decision Solutions. And the largest business collectively by revenue is insurance, when we look at kind of our legacy insurance business in RMS. Second is banking. And third is KYC. Then we've got a few other smaller businesses like structured finance and so on. So we had very good growth across the entire subsegment Decision Solutions, particularly KYC. And I think the best thing to do is to look at ARR here because there's been a little bit of revenue lumpiness in the first half of the year when I referred to seasonality, that's really what I was referring to. So let me just kind of take some of the key numbers. As you said, Andrew, organic constant dollar revenue 8% in the quarter, 16% last quarter. However, the key number here is organic ARR grew at 11% for Decision Solutions, and that's the same as last quarter. So there's the same altitude of kind of sales and building the book of recurring revenue. There's no change there. KYC continues to be kind of a high flyer growing in the kind of mid-20s percent on an organic constant dollar basis. So where does the lumpiness come from? Both our insurance and banking businesses have a mix still of on-prem and SaaS solutions. And you've heard us talk about we're working to migrate more of the portfolio to SaaS. That's true, but we still have a suite of on-prem products that introduce an element of lumpiness given some aspects of revenue recognition. And that was the case for the first half of this year. But we accounted for that as we thought about our full year guide. So insurance, RMS, you heard me say on track, our insurance, our legacy insurance business growing very nicely and banking. There, we're seeing some very nice growth as well. I'm going to touch on that in just a second in terms of what is driving that. We've got 3 primary areas that we serve for banks, lending, risk management, finance and planning. We're continuing to really build out our SaaS offerings. That is the highest growth part of our banking business. It allows us to really deliver a lot more functionality and usability to our customers. That then drives a lot more usage from our customers and that supports the overall kind of value proposition and pricing opportunity for us. One area I would maybe call out, Andrew is commercial real estate. You've heard us talk a lot about the investments that we've been making there. Obviously, commercial real estate is very important to our banking customers. And we recently signed a strategic partnership with one of the largest commercial real estate lenders in the country to kind of co-develop a commercial real estate lending solution. We're very excited about doing that and bringing together all of our commercial real estate data and analytics with our cloud-based loan origination tools to really help this bank and other banks with a more holistic view to streamline their processes. That's one example, but I'm going to come back to the key takeaway here for Decision Solutions because we've had some volatility in the revenue from quarter-to-quarter is look at ARR and ARR for Decision Solutions is 11% in the quarter, same as last quarter. So no change to the very good growth we're seeing across the entire Decision Solutions portfolio.
Andrew Steinerman : Right. Rob, there was a piece at the end. Do you expect the seasonality to benefit third quarter for Decision Solutions organic revenues?
Robert Fauber : I think what we're likely to see in third quarter is pretty similar to what we've seen in the second quarter and then an acceleration at the end of the year in the fourth quarter.
Operator: And our next question will come from Andrew Nicholas with William Blair.
Andrew Nicholas : First one is just kind of on your own M&A appetite. Obviously, a challenging environment or at least a choppy one. Do these current economic conditions or perhaps some conservatism from a growth perspective heading into the end of the year impact how you're thinking about doing deals? I know you already kind of lowered share repurchase expectations due to the free cash flow, presumably the free cash flow decline, but wondering how that impacts your outlook for M&A as well.
Mark Kaye : I'm going to spend just a minute talking about share repurchases, and then I'm going to turn it over to Rob to touch on the M&A component of your question. So perhaps most importantly, how capital planning and allocation strategy remains unchanged. And this year, we are still planning to return approximately $1.5 billion to our stockholders or approximately 100% of our projected 2022 free cash flow at the midpoint of our guidance range. As you can appreciate, global economic conditions have significantly weakened relative to our first quarter outlook. And we spoke about several of those factors, but primarily the uncertainty around the duration and severity of the conflict in Ukraine as well as heightened inflationary risks. And although we ultimately view these market conditions and the disruption to be cyclical, we are being very thoughtful about our leverage and liquidity levels. And we're going to do that in order to ensure that we maintain a strong balance sheet and an equally important financial flexibility. And as a result, we have lowered our guidance for full year 2022 share repose to approximately $1 billion. And that means we've adopted a slightly more conservative short-term approach to capital management with the philosophy of preserving financial firepower to be able to take advantage of market conditions if and when they arise.
Robert Fauber : Yes. And let me add to that. So we have done a number of bolt-on acquisitions over the last, let's call it, 18 months. We've been really focused on executing on that portfolio of acquisitions and integrating and getting the real business value out of those acquisitions. In fact, we track our performance against our acquisition cases and we review them every quarter. And we included in the slides kind of our performance on some of our larger acquisitions to date, and we feel very good about that. It's interesting because I ran the corporate development team for years. And in these periods of market dislocation, the initial instinct is to think, "Oh, well, this has got to be a buyer's market. Valuations are down so sharply." But like we're talking about what's the duration of this kind of correction, the same thing that sellers are thinking about. This is a 6-, 9-, 12-month correction. I remember when we were talking about multiples at 1 level 12 months ago, and so I'm not a seller. So you tend to see oftentimes some disconnects between valuation expectations between buyers and sellers in these markets. If you've got companies that have very leveraged capital structures, eventually that may force them to do something, that's often not the case in our sector. And so I guess the last thing I would say is, like Mark said, we've got plenty of financial firepower. We have a very clear view of the kinds of things that our customers want and need from us and what would be additive to our offerings for our customers. And so we're always on the lookout, but I'd say we're going to continue to be disciplined in this market and continue to extract the value out of the things that we have invested in over the last 12 to 18 months.
Andrew Nicholas : Great. That's helpful. And then maybe a follow-up, Rob, to a point that you made on kind of the success of some of your acquisitions of late. Obviously, on Slide 22, you note mid-30s type growth for your screening capabilities and being ahead of plan there in terms of $300 million of revenue in that business. I was wondering if you could spend a little bit more time on what exactly within that business is outperforming your initial expectations. Obviously, the market is a strong one, but if there's anything from an execution standpoint or a product offering stamp -- standpoint that's really resonating with customers, would love to hear it.
Robert Fauber : Yes. So I think this is really about our KYC and again, I'm warning you, we may move on from that term because I think in some ways, it's a little too limiting for what it is. But very simply, we help customers assess, screen and monitor the individuals and companies that they do business with or that they want to do business with. And we do that by helping them know the entities and individuals by understanding the risks associated with those third parties and also to execute at scale with some workflow tools. And you've heard us talk about the goal here is to be both more efficient and more effective. And so I talked about -- we mentioned it at Investor Day, virtually, every company around the world is working to better understand the risk profile of their customers, but also their suppliers and other counterparties. So there's a big opportunity here. And back to acquisitions and investments, in the fourth quarter of last year, we were pretty active in this space, and we made several acquisitions, and that has allowed us to begin assembling a much more comprehensive offering to support customers in their KYC workflow. That includes data and intelligence with really unmatched coverage on entity's ownership in companies. It includes an element of workflow orchestration with highly configurable, integrated and automated KYC management and also the thought leadership and expertise that our customers expect of Moody's. So we're pulling all of these together in a way, leveraging these world-class data sets, leveraging now this highly configurable workflow platform and all the expertise we have to not only help with, as I said, the traditional know your customer use cases, but now going even more broadly to know your counterparty, know your supplier and so on. So there's a lot to it. But that -- all of that -- back to your original question about RDC and what we had said, we knew that RDC was going to be a very important component of basically unlocking our opportunity here, and in fact, it has been.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy : Yes. So I wanted to just sort of -- first, just put a finer point on your medium-term outlook for MIS. I think at the time when you put out that outlook, it was based off of 2021 issuance levels. And I just want to clarify, I think what I'm hearing you say is that we should think about the base now as more 2019. Like is that the right way to think about sort of normalized growth from here? Or am I misunderstanding what you're saying with respect to your medium-term outlook?
Robert Fauber : Yes. I think generally, I think that is right for some of the reasons that we've talked about on the call so far.
Mark Kaye : And maybe I'd just add -- Maybe just add 1 quick comment to Rob's remark. When we set our medium-term outlook for MIS revenue in particular, we did build in a period of stress and economic stress into the model as the setting of our medium-term target really followed the point that you're making to historically strong years of issuance in 2020 and 2021.
Faiza Alwy : Okay. Understood. And then just as a follow-up on the MA business, I heard you say that you haven't seen anything -- any type of slowing in any component of that business at this moment in time. I'm curious, again, on your medium-term outlook, which was in the teens, like how resilient do you think that business is to the macro environment in general? Are you confident in those targets going forward?
Robert Fauber : Yes. We've talked about this a bit before. It's a very resilient business. And I think the reason for that is if you think about what we're helping our customers do and we talked about, again, it's -- it may sound a little bit trite, but in these periods of uncertainty, you've got customers who are trying to navigate all this uncertainty and they need expertise. They need data. They need analytics. They need expertise. And so they really, really value us in those periods. As we've continued to broaden out our offerings, when you think of -- I talked about what are we doing in banking, it's loan origination, risk and finance -- risk management and finance and planning. Those are not things that banks are turning off in periods of stress. Think about what's going on across our insurance portfolio. I mean we've got models that are literally at the very heart of pricing property and casualty risk for insurers. In our KYC business, you've got to make sure that you're not doing business with sanctioned entities or bad people, whether we're in good periods or bad periods. And so we just -- we have some very mission-critical workflows that we're serving for customers. And you can see from the retention rates, this stuff is very sticky. Once we're embedded into these workflows, the retention rates are very high. So that's why I tend to feel quite confident about the business even when we're in periods of kind of market stress.
Operator: And our next question will come from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Unidentified Analyst: Good afternoon, this is Brendan on for Manav. Just want to ask, and I apologize for going back to this about the issuance that -- you talked about the $4.4 trillion near the average if you exclude the pandemic. And I just want to be clear, it sounds like you're saying -- is this more so a new base to grow off of based on your current guidance when we think about 2023? Or is there still -- or are you still thinking there's a bit of rebound that could happen? Or is that more so when the refinancing walls pick up beyond that?
Robert Fauber : Brendan. Good to have you on the call. I mean, I think we have to acknowledge that the last 2 years were unusual years. And I think a lot of analysts and investors are looking back at long time series of issuance just like we are. And those last 2 years are, in fact, unusual. And so as we're kind of running our scenarios, we are kind of looking at historical patterns and what we think is a reasonable growth on a go-forward basis.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then I just wanted to ask on the RMS and ESG, your businesses, how that's doing? And any current trends? Any change in trends there in the last couple of months? And then after that, just anything on M&A opportunities in that space? Or if it's still pretty pricey?
Robert Fauber : Yes. Let me start with RMS. So it's been almost a year, in fact, since we announced the acquisition, and we're having some -- I've talked about a little bit in the past, some very encouraging discussions with major insurers and reinsurers. We really want to automate and digitize and integrate. And we're integrating across our product suite. We're co-creating new products. Last quarter, I think I mentioned that we're mapping all of the properties in CMBS securities to RMS data. There are a few other areas where we're making some nice kind of early progress. There are a number of use cases for banks that we have identified and are starting to get some traction, helping banks, particularly around looking at physical risk in their portfolios. We're working on starting to do the same around transition risk. You mentioned ESG, Brendan. A lot of interest from insurers in integrating our ESG data and scores into RMS's underwriting solutions. So that they can better understand the ESG profile of companies as they're underwriting and looking at their broader portfolio. We've already got several very nice customer wins there, and we are building a nice pipeline. And we're also -- we also have some very nice product enhancements. So as you may remember, before we bought RMS, we had a small climate business. And now we're able to take those RMS models and data and to be able to kind of power some of those climate solutions, some of our climate on-demand solutions. We're also starting to pick up the pace around cross-selling conversations with insurers to help them around a broader range of risk assessment needs. So in general, feeling pretty good about what's going on across the company in terms of not just RMS, but also in terms of climate and ESG.
Mark Kaye : Maybe just 2 quick quantification points there to help with the modeling. We still expect RMS's sales growth to be in the mid-single-digit percent range this year, and that's obviously up from the historical growth rate of the low single digits. And then for 2022, we're expecting to further increase our direct and attributable ESG related to our revenue by about 20% to $34 million. And that's just a little bit lower than what we previously forecast simply reflecting some weakness in the sustainable finance market.
Unidentified Analyst: And just anything on M&A and ESG?
Robert Fauber : It's a pretty fragmented market. There aren't a lot of kind of scale opportunities to move the needle out there. That was 1 reason that we really felt good about the acquisition of RMS because you look around and you think if climate analytics are important to your customers, how do you get that at scale? And how do you get that in a platform that you feel very, very confident in the analytics. And as a discussion we had with our Board at the time of the acquisition, they've been -- RMS has been serving the global insurance industry for over 30 years. So you know that those models are robust. So I guess I would say ESG is probably primarily an organic opportunity. We've been investing organically. We keep our ears to the ground. But like I said, not a lot of scale opportunities out there.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets.
Jeffrey Silber : I know it's late. I'll just ask one. I was wondering if we can just get a little bit more color about what you're calling, I guess, the Geolocation Restructuring Program not only in terms of details, but I'm just curious why now, why not last quarter, why not next quarter, et cetera?
Robert Fauber : The $75 million -- or up to $75 million Geolocation Restructuring Program that we announced this morning was really focused on optimizing our existing real estate footprint. Thirdly, utilizing our lower-cost locations where the requisite skills and talents exist and really ensuring our focus and resources remain firmly allocated to a prioritized areas of opportunity. Why now? I think the workforce of the future -- workplace of the future programs at Moody's are progressing well, and that has presented opportunities for us to be more efficient with use of stockholder capital. And that means for the second quarter that we recorded that $31 million pretax restructuring charge, which is mostly related to personnel expenses. And then as we exit and see use of our leased office space, which is expected to really begin in the fourth quarter of this year, and continue through the first half of 2023, you can expect us to reflect between another $25 million and $35 million in pretax restructuring charges in our financials. For the $40 million to $60 million in annualized savings that we anticipate generating through these actions, the majority is going to be redeployed towards our strategic investments. And that's going to include further workplace enhancements, further employee retention initiatives. And the idea here is really to be able to create that financial flexibility to balance between profitability in the short term and then supporting business margin expansion over the long term. And then finally, just as an aside, if the issuance downturn, is more severe and protracted than what we've modeled as our central case, you could expect us to take more aggressive actions around expenses in the future.
Operator: And our next question will come from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber : I wanted to get back to this, the Decision Solutions subsegment, if I could. Obviously, it was up 12% organically, excluding currency for 6 months, but only up 8% here in the second quarter year-over-year. You talked about the banking piece of that, if I heard you right, being the major reason for the slowdown, I guess. But wasn't that also an issue in the first quarter? And I guess I'm trying to figure out what's changed in the latest 3 months versus the first quarter to account for the slower growth there?
Robert Fauber : Yes. Craig, I guess maybe a couple of things. I would just flag and back to the both banking and insurance have some, as I said, both a mix of on-prem and SaaS solutions. And so you had some aspect of, I'll call it, kind of timing and revenue recognition that contributed to what was going on in the first quarter and as well in the second quarter. And so -- that's 1 reason that we kind of keep going back to ARR because it gives you the ability to kind of look through some of the kind of rev rec issues that you get from kind of this on-prem product suite that we still have. And so back to -- as I think about the underlying kind of health of that business, I'm looking at ARR and ARR for Decision Solutions, 11%, same as it was last quarter.
Craig Huber : And my follow-up, please. On the credit research business you guys had for many years, obviously, maybe just touch on the growth rates that you're seeing. It seems like it's holding up quite well despite the very volatile markets. Maybe talk about pricing there, if you could, that's changed at all.
Robert Fauber : Yes. You're right. That continues to be a very nice business for us. I talked a little bit about the kind of demand in times of uncertainty. That's certainly true. In fact, we've shared some statistics around usage. And you saw during COVID, usage really spiked. We saw during the Ukraine crisis usage spiked because our customers view this as really kind of must-have insights into the credit markets. So that all then supports the value proposition and the pricing opportunity for us. And we've also had some success in actually expanding the usage at some of -- excuse me, the kind of the broad usage at some of our customers as well. So all of that is contributing to supporting what is continuing to be some nice growth. And I also mentioned, Craig, we're continuing to make some enhancements in that CreditView platform that we think will provide ongoing support for growth.
Operator: And moving on to Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.
Owen Sum Lau : I only have a quick 2-part question. So the first part is, could you please talk about the FX impact to your overall business to your overall results in the second quarter? And then the second part is with regard to the interest expense guidance, I think you raised that number a little bit. Could you please talk more about that? And how we should think about the sensitivity on rising rates? And how we should model out the interest expense going forward?
Mark Kaye : I'll start with the FX impact of first, not trying to be comprehensive here as I realize this is an important element for consideration. During the second quarter, we did see the U.S. dollar strengthened quite considerably against both the euro and the British pound. Specifically, the end of quarter, spot rates were $1.05 against the euro and $1.21 against the pound and that's meaningfully down from $1.11 against the euro and $1.31 against pound last forecast. And as a result, the quarterly MCO, MIS and MA revenues were unfavorably impacted by approximately 3%, 2% and 5%, respectively. And the net impact of all of that flowed down to adjusted diluted EPS of about $0.07 negative in the quarter. If I step back just for a minute. So approximately 45% of our revenue is generated through our international operations. And then of that, approximately 65% is generated in EMEA. And so further strengthening of the U.S. dollar specifically against the euro is going to weigh on our actual results as the year progresses. Similarly, about 40% of our operating expense base is denominated in non-U.S. dollar currency as over 60-ish percent of our employees are located outside of the U.S., and that's going to help neutralize or at least partially neutralize the FX movements. So if I were to roughly quantify the annualized impact of foreign currency movement for modeling purposes, every $0.01 FX movement between the dollar and the euro is going to impact full year EPS by approximately $0.02, and full year revenue by about $8 million to $10 million. And then every $0.01 FX movements between the dollar and the British pound is going to impact full year revenue by about $2 million and expenses by about $2 million. So more release neutral on an EPS basis. And then finally, if I think forward, when we set our medium-term targets back in February, we have assumed constant foreign currency exchange rates over the medium term. So specifically, the euro of about 1.14 to the dollar and the pound of 1.35 to the dollar. And so if foreign exchange rates remain at the current levels or if the U.S. dollar continues to appreciate, we're going to see a little bit of headwind to achieving the medium-term targets to become a bit more pronounced. On your second question around interest expense guidance, we do have a $500 million 2.625% coupon note that is maturing in January 2023. And our revised 2022 interest expense guidance of $220 million to $240 million incorporates the current expectation that we will look to refinance our January 2023 notes in the second half of this year. And given the rise in benchmark rates, you could naturally expect a coupon or a higher coupon on a similar size and duration as the note that is due in early 2023. And so for additional context, historically, we've refinanced upcoming maturities before they've become due. And that's really part of our commitment to effectively manage our capital structure and maintain our financial flexibility. The best example of that, you could think about November 2021, when we refinanced the $500 million 4.5% debt that was maturing in 2022. So maybe a last comment on the topic. In the event we don't proactively refinance the upcoming bond maturity, that would clearly reduce our interest expense expectation for the full year 2022.
Operator: And our next question will come from Russell Quelch with Redburn.
Russell Quelch : So those have been helpful comments so far on the expenses. I wondered if you could detail what you would be prepared to do with respect to reducing expenses in the second half of the year if we do see a continued deterioration in markets?
Robert Fauber : Russell, it's Rob. First of all, I just want to welcome you to the call. And just in terms of the additional actions that we would take during the second half of the year, I think there are 2 ways I'd like to look at this. There's definitely actions would take based on a cyclical outlook going into 2023. And then actions we take, which is not our central case based on sort of a structural outlook going into 2023. In terms of cyclical activities that we could take, certainly slowing down hiring, that would be one. There are also natural expense levers in terms of managing our T&E costs as well as managing our incentive compensation accrual. We also have the ability, though, I would preserve this really for more structural-based outlook changes of reducing our organic strategic investments during the year or staggering those to be a slightly lower burn rate. And I think the reason that's important is those initiatives really do underpin medium-term guidance when you think about MIS and MA revenue.
Russell Quelch : Okay. Good. That's helpful. And a follow-up, I just wondered if you confirm from what you're saying in the guidance that you're not going to be buying back any more shares for the rest of this year. And from your comments, all the firepower is going to be saved for bolt-on M&A. If that's the case, where do you believe you need to focus investment in NA from a data product perspective? And perhaps as a final note and maybe a polite challenge, given the balance sheet is very healthy, as you noted in the schedule, close to 24-month low, why stop the buyback now?
Robert Fauber : I -- maybe just to reiterate some of the key points that we spoke about earlier So we have lowered our guidance for full year 2022 share repurchases to approximately $1 billion, and that is lower than our prior guidance of $1.5 billion. And you could think about that as reflecting the current economic environment, specifically the fact that our outlook for full year and net income of full year EPS is commensurately lower by that amount. And from a CFO's perspective, it's important, at least at this point in time, to adopt a slightly more conservative approach to capital management. And the idea here is to, again, preserve financial firepower to be able to take advantage of market opportunities. Those market opportunities could include further share price repurchases or they could include M&A. In other words, they're not looking to signal one over the other, only to create financial flexibility as we approach the end of the year.
Russell Quelch : Okay. And then in terms of priorities, if it is M&A, where do you think you like in terms of data products?
Robert Fauber : Yes. I think you've seen us be very active in that kind of know your customer verification space, where we have a compelling set of assets in a high-growth market. We're supplementing our acquisitions that we've done to date with organic investments, but there may be other opportunities there, and that would be very attractive for us because the growth rates we're seeing and the traction that we're getting from customers. I would say also our banking business, you've seen us make some bolt-on acquisitions there over the last several years is the same with our insurance business. We've also, over the last few years, added what I'll call kind of domain capabilities that are really important to this idea of really bring to life integrated risk assessment for our customers. And so ESG and climate and properties and other things, we believe are -- we haven't done those at the same scale but are important in terms of this concept of delivering integrated risk assessment for our customers.
Operator: And our next question come from Jeff Mueler with Baird.
Jeffrey Meuler : The question is, how independent are the M&A compensation plans from the MIS? Or overall corporate performance, and I know shared services burden can shift and between the segments or it can impact executive comp and whatnot. But I guess the lead-in for the question would be, given the magnitude of the consolidated revenue guidance reduction, I would have expected more of an adjustment in that operating growth plus incentive compensation expense bucket, but I'm wondering if the answer is largely because there's this big pool of MA expense that's largely untouched in given the current circumstances?
Robert Fauber : Yes. So I mean, overall, we have kind of 1 corporate bonus pool, and we obviously have allocations to our businesses and our functions guided by performance. But I think at a high level, you're right, I mean it's been a tale of 2 cities. So the MA performance has been quite strong, MIS performance less so. And so that -- we then expect that to be reflected in our compensation accruals.
Jeffrey Meuler : Okay. And then, Mark, when I add up the factors on Slide 23, I get to like 6% year-over-year growth. Are you trying to signal something at the lower end of the high single-digit percentage increase range? And just to be clear, that includes 1 point from restructuring charges, which are then excluded on an adjusted EPS basis?
Mark Kaye : Thank you for allowing me to reconfirm that point. That's exactly right. So I certainly would like to signal the lower end of the high single-digit percentage growth for full year operating expenses. And that, of course, to your point, includes approximately 1% from the restructuring program.
Jeffrey Meuler : And that restructuring is excluded from adjusted EPS, correct?
Mark Kaye : That is correct.
Operator: And our next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum : I'm just trying to think a little bit about Slide 17 in terms of MIS with the debt has grown throughout varied economic conditions. Is that really the right way to look at it? I mean we're looking at 2008 where it looks like debt is -- debt went up, but the MIS business had significant declines during that point in time. What should we be looking at in terms of really moving the needle back and forth for the business? Is it really should we be looking at high yield and leveraged loans? I mean how should we be thinking about that? And then the potential impact from rising interest rates, particularly in those securities in terms of like CFO's interest in just rolling their debt forward at current levels or potentially looking to delever?
Robert Fauber : Yes. Maybe I'll provide a few perspectives, and then I'll see if Mark wants to build on that. I mean, there are -- I think a number of ways to kind of triangulate around what you think kind of a growth rate for the business going forward is. I do think the overall stock of global debt is an important one. And what I think this chart in part shows is that you've obviously got new issuers coming into the market year after year. And so that stock of debt has continued to grow. And that's very important because these maturity walls that we talk about provide kind of a -- we've used the term kind of a ballast for the business. And there's just been a lot of debt that has been issued in particular in the last few years. But the overall just stock of debt has gotten much larger. And then we look at the flow of debt, and we've had, I think, a good bit of conversation about the flow of debt on this call. And you touched on mix. And one of the big themes over the last 10 years was the growth of the leveraged finance markets. And that, in fact, has been favorable to our mix over the years. It's hard to say what I said in the near term, you could see mix being neutral to even negative. But keep in mind, part of what is driving that is that you have private equity firms that have raised an enormous amount of capital over the last few years. And so they are deploying that capital with buyout activity. And that has really fueled the leverage finance market and the leveraged loan market in particular. I think that's actually been kind of an important structural trend that has supported issuance over the last decade.
Mark Kaye : And maybe, Shlomo, if I could just add on to Rob's comments. I think it's a little bit of a different direction here, but I think it will be helpful as you consider the moment in history that we're in. And the way I want to approach this is really just taking it through the lens of cyclicality versus structural over time. And when we think about a cyclical shift in issuance, and I think about both refinancing activity as well as new debt issuance, for example, existing issuers growing their balance sheet or new companies accessing the debt market, really could consider the following point. So firstly, it's a cyclical decline, which is our central case scenario. It's really temporary until, I suppose, 1 of 2 conditions happen: either funding costs turn from rising to falling or -- and/or a growth trend turned from falling to rising. And our belief is that those 2 conditions really might be met by the second half of next year, if inflation is reined in by the first half of next year or by 2024, if this is a longer downturn, i.e., inflation is hardly reined train or growth suffers materially, not our central case, but a structural decline in debt issuance or you consider aggregate global deleveraging would be a longer-lasting phenomenon where companies and governments across various sectors and regions decided to shrink the balance sheet. And that's really a result of demand or supply in balance. So you think about it on the demand side, longer-term global growth prospects are lowered so significantly that companies aren't expanding or social needs have fallen. So governments aren't expanding services, for example. Similarly, on the supply side, savers are saving less and there is less money to borrow or savers are investing in vehicles other than the debt markets. And I think the key point here, in that the years that are going to follow sort of '23 and '24, we may not ultimately return to a period of low inflation and low rate, but debt issuance is likely to remain in a very efficient method to refinance growth. And ultimately, that becomes very important in how we think about sort of the outlook, not just for this year but over the medium-term period, in consideration. And maybe a final point here is the global economy has really gone through many physical and structural shifts over time and debt has remained a key method of financing that growth and innovation.
Shlomo Rosenbaum : Okay. Just 1 follow-up, where are you with retention? I mean, there's a lot of talk of reinvesting to improve retention and things like that. And you guys really are in a very much a people business for a lot of it. Where are you with your retention metrics now? Are you comfortable that you have -- that you will be deploying enough to retain the levels of employees that or then the quality of employees that you're looking for?
Robert Fauber : Shlomo, you're right. People are absolutely critical to our business. And it's what has gotten us through the pandemic so well. And we have indeed made some investments in making sure that we retain our people. In general, I would say that based on the kind of data that we have and kind of our ability to benchmark against financial services, we think we're either broadly in line or even slightly better in terms of overall employee retention than financial services more broadly. But it continues to be a competitive market, and we continue to make sure that we're making the right investments to not only retain the people we need, but attract the people that we need as well.
Shlomo Rosenbaum : Thank you.
Robert Fauber : One other -- Shlomo, one other thing to add to that, sorry, it's not all about compensation either. Compensation is important, but we hear from our employees all the time that several other aspects of working at Moody's. It's about working in a company that you feel has a real purpose and does something important in the world. It's about having the flexibility that you value. We did a recent employee survey and our employees tell us we're doing a pretty good job on workplace flexibility. So we're going to continue to make sure that we're focused not just on compensation, but on the whole kind of basket of things that contribute to kind of a compelling value proposition for our employees.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude the question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the conference back over to Mr. Rob Fauber for any additional or closing remarks.
Robert Fauber : Okay. So thanks, everybody, for joining today, and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes Moody's second quarter 2022 earnings call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the Investor Resources section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay of this call will be available after 4 p.m. Eastern Time on Moody's IR website. Thank you.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-02 11:30:00) =====
Operator: Please standby. We are about to begin. Good day, everyone. And welcome to the Moody’s Corporation First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shivani Kak: Thank you and good morning. Thank you all for joining us to discuss Moody’s first quarter 2022 results and our revised outlook for full year 2022. I am Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations.  This morning, Moody’s released its results for the first quarter of 2022, as well as our revised outlook for full year 2022. The earnings press release and the presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Rob Fauber, Moody’s President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning’s conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Mark Kaye, Moody’s Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures referenced during this call in GAAP. I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today’s remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management’s Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the SEC’s website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I will now turn the call over to Rob Fauber.
Rob Fauber: Thanks, Shivani. Good morning, and thanks, everybody, for joining today’s call. I will begin by providing a general update on the business, including our first quarter 2022 results. And following my commentary, Mark Kaye will provide some further details on our first quarter 2022 performance, as well as our revised 2022 outlook. And after our prepared remarks, as always, Mark and I will be happy to take questions. So against a backdrop of geopolitical turbulence and volatile markets, Moody’s first quarter revenue was $1.5 billion, that’s down 5% from the prior year period. With the decline in issuance in the first quarter and our expectation for continued subdued levels of opportunistic issuance for the balance of the year, we have updated our full year 2022 guidance and we now project Moody’s revenue to be approximately flat relative to the prior year. We have also lowered our adjusted diluted EPS guidance to be in the range of $10.75 to $11.25. MA continued to be a strong source of consistent growth, while market disruptions impacted issuance activity, as investments to meet customer demand for our mission-critical suite of tools and solutions drove revenue growth of 23%. Recurring revenue is core to this growth, which is why we are introducing a new reporting metric, annualized recurring revenue or ARR and we expect this new metric to provide greater transparency into the growth trajectory of MA’s recurring revenue. The temporary impact of market uncertainty on our financial performance does not change our expectations for the medium-term. And time and time again, in periods of uncertainty like these, markets and organizations look to Moody’s for expertise and insights, increasing the demand for our integrated risk assessment offerings and so we remain confident in the fundamental drivers of our growth. Moody’s revenue was down just 5% from a year ago, reflecting the diversity and resilience of our business portfolio and while MIS revenue decreased 20%, MA revenue was up 23% or 9% on an organic basis, driven by strong customer demand for our solutions. Adjusted operating income fell 20% to $734 million. Adjusted diluted EPS was $2.89, a decrease of 29% year-on-year and Mark will provide some additional details on our financials shortly. Now turning to MIS. The issuance factors we highlighted during our fourth quarter earnings call really remain unchanged, as elevated inflation and a prospect of additional interest rate increases, combined with the impact of the Ukraine conflict are contributing to uncertainty and volatility, and these factors have adversely affected debt capital markets activity, including opportunistic refinancing and M&A transactions, particularly in the leveraged finance markets. And as we have said over the years, periods of market disruption need to be put into historical context and I would argue that this period is no different. And this chart illustrates our rated issuance over the last decade with the gray bars representing periods of market volatility. And it shows that activity typically rebounds after periods of market disruption and has grown steadily over time. There’s uncertainty as to how long the current disruption will last, we believe that market will eventually reset amidst higher interest rates and will eventually resume issuance growth supported by economic expansion and substantial financing maturity walls. But the medium-term drivers of debt issuance and our business remains strong, and as we said in the past, issuance is a function of several macroeconomic factors, the most significant of which is economic expansion. Looking ahead, we do expect global GDP growth for the remainder of the year, albeit at a modest pace. The underpinnings of the economy remain sound, and consumer and corporate balance sheets remain healthy and U.S. unemployment remains at near historical lows. While several rounds of interest rate increases are expected this year, as the Fed addresses inflation, rates will remain low by historical standards. Volatility in the credit markets has been reflected in spread fluctuations. Those spreads also remain well below the 10-year average, and taken as a whole, the cost of borrowing remains historically low. In addition to these factors, there’s a healthy stock of debt, which needs to be refinanced, more than $4 trillion over the next four years. And we expect the continued buildup in our first-time mandates will drive growth in our recurring revenue, as demonstrated over the last two years. Now pivoting to Moody’s Analytics. We are driving robust growth across the breadth of our products and solutions. In the first quarter, revenue was up 23%, supported by organic revenue growth of 9% and a 96% customer retention rate. We are now including annualized recurring revenue or ARR in our reporting to give an indication of our revenue expectations for the future. Organic ARR was up 9% for the first quarter, demonstrating the strength of our recurring revenue across the business. Again, Mark will provide some additional details on ARR shortly. Now I’d like to take a moment to share a story that illustrates how offerings across our three reporting lines in MA come together to provide value for our customers. As a result of the acquisition of Bureau van Dijk in 2017, we had a modest relationship with a large multinational insurance underwriter that was using our Orbis database to support sales and marketing activities. Following the acquisition, we had a series of discussions with this and other customers about ways to address a wider range of their needs, which in this case, included their process for underwriting trade credit insurance. We were able to package our Orbis data, our credit research and credit scorecards, combined with our AI-enabled spreading offering, to provide a set of integrated solutions that transform their workflow helping them to eliminate 70% of their manual tasks in their trade credit underwriting process and increasing their efficiency and enhancing their effectiveness. This upsell resulted in approximately 300% increase in annual customer revenue and today we are having discussions with them about further expanding our relationship to serve additional use cases and solutions, including integrating ESG into their underwriting processes. And I think it’s just a great example of our ability to expand our customer relationships by bringing together the full capabilities across Moody’s Analytics. As you know, helping the market make sense of the risks and opportunities posed by ESG and climate change is a priority for us and we are increasingly delivering solutions that help companies incorporate these critical factors into their decision-making. That’s an important reason for our acquisition of RMS last year. In addition to building a business serving the insurance industry, RMS brings scaled world-class weather and climate data and analytics, which we are bringing to a much broader customer audience. Inclusive of revenue from RMS’ climate-related offerings, our combined revenue for our ESG and Climate Solutions was approximately $170 million in 2021. We expect this revenue to grow in the low double-digit percent range this year. We also expect our climate revenues, which today are predominantly from RMS, to accelerate as we continue to integrate its best-in-class models to meet our customers’ growing needs. And going forward, we will update you on this revenue number as it provides, I think, a good sense of our scale and impact in this area. Our growth is supported by a number of key innovations and award winning product launches. Last month, we launched ESG360, which is a powerful platform that delivers decision relevant ESG data and insights to portfolio managers. We are also launching new climate change models in the U.S. and Asia that will help address the growing need for climate change analytics, including supporting increasing regulatory demands. We are proud to have received recognition from customers for our ESG and climate-related products and services including being named ESG Opinion Provider of the Year by the International Financing Review. I am excited about the opportunities ahead as we continue to play a meaningful role in helping companies decode risk and unlock opportunity. And speaking of decoding risk, our customers turn to us even more in times of stress and uncertainty and we saw that during the throes of the pandemic. And as you can see on this slide, the relevance of our offerings has probably never been higher with significant leadership of our research and usage of our solutions. Our research reports have been read over 200,000 times, while KYC screenings are up 70% year-over-year, as our customers have a critical need to better understand and monitor their own customers and suppliers amidst geopolitical conflict and sanctions. With that, I will now turn the call over to Mark to provide further details on Moody’s first quarter results, as well as an update to our outlook for 2022.
Mark Kaye: Thank you, Rob. In the first quarter, MIS revenue declined 20% from last year’s record level as geopolitical concerns, rising yields and elevated economic uncertainty contributed to a 25% decrease in rated issuance. Corporate finance, financial institutions and public project infrastructure revenue declined 31%, 19% and 14%, respectively, with many issuers remaining on the sidelines due to unfavorable market conditions and existing levels of balance sheet liquidity. Structured finance revenue increased 24%, supported by 10% growth in issuance, primarily from commercial and residential mortgage-backed securities, offset by a decline in CLO refinancing activity. MIS’ adjusted operating margin was 58.6%. Revenue was adversely impacted by the noted absence of opportunistic issuance in the quarter, while operating expenses, excluding those related to the Russia-Ukraine conflict remained relatively flat. Moving to MA. First quarter revenue grew 23%, delivering the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. Excluding the impact of recent acquisitions, revenue and recurring revenue were up 9% and 11%, respectively. In Decision Solutions, revenue increased 48% or 14% on an organic basis. This is driven by robust demand for KYC banking, as well as Insurance and Asset Management Solutions. Research and Insights revenue rose 7%, reflecting strong demand for our credit research analytics and models, underpinned by a 97% customer retention rate. For Data and Information, revenue grew 6%, driven by new sales of the company’s data and ratings fees. MA’s adjusted operating margin expanded by approximately 350 basis points from incremental operating leverage net of ongoing organic investments. This is offset by approximately 430 basis points of margin contraction due to acquisitions completed within the last 12 months. Over the past few years, we have successfully transitioned the MA business to a predominantly subscription-based model, with strong recurring revenue, which now accounts for 94% of total MA revenue. This quarter, we are pleased to introduce a new forward-looking performance metric for our MA business, annualized recurring revenue or ARR, is the annualized run rate of recurring revenue for active contracts at a point in time. Renewable contracts include subscriptions, term licenses and software maintenance. The ARR metric provides insight into the trajectory of MA’s recurring revenue, with visibility specifically into the growth of the of the subscription business from both our acquisition new customers and expansion. As of March 31, 2020, MA’s ARR of $2.6 billion reflected 25% growth from the prior year period or 9% on an organic basis. In addition, we are guiding to low double-digit organic ARR growth for year-end 2022, reflecting our expectation for accelerated renewable sales through the remainder of the year. Turning now to our revised guidance. Moody’s updated outlook for full year 2022 as of May 2nd reflects assumptions about numerous factors. These include, but are not limited to, the effective interest rates, inflation, foreign currency and activity in different sectors of the debt markets [Technical Difficulty] assumptions about general economic conditions, global GDP growth, the scale and duration of the crisis in Ukraine, as well as the company’s own operations and personnel. Our updated full year 2022 guidance incorporates the following specific macroeconomic assumptions, the 2022 U.S. and euro area GDP to expand by approximately 3.5% to 4.5% and 2.5% to 3.5%, respectively, and global benchmark rates to increase from historic lows with U.S. high yield spreads moving slightly above the historic average of approximately 500 basis points and inflation rates to remain elevated and above Central Bank targets in many countries. By year-end, the U.S. unemployment rate is expected to remain low at approximately 3.5% [Technical Difficulty] will initially decline before gradually rising to approximately 2 [Technical Difficulty]. Our guidance also assumes foreign currency translation and for the remainder of 2022 reflects exchange rates for the British pound of $1.32 and $1.11 for the euro. We are updating our full year 2022 guidance across several metrics to reflect both first quarter results and our revised expectation for the remainder of the year. We now forecast Moody’s revenue to remain approximately flat to the prior year and for operating expenses increase in high single-digit percent range, down from our prior guidance as we prudently manage and prioritize investment activity through the cycle. Consequently, we now project Moody’s adjusted operating margin to be approximately 47% and have lowered the diluted and adjusted diluted EPS guidance ranges to $9.85 to $10.35 and $10.75 to $11.25, respectively. We decreased our free cash flow forecast to be between $1.8 billion and $2.0 billion and maintain our expectation for full year share repurchases of at least $1.5 billion, subject to available cash, market conditions, M&A opportunities and other ongoing capital allocation decisions. Please refer to Table 13 of our earnings release for a full list of our guidance. Turning now to our issuance outlook, which we have updated in light of market disruptions in the first quarter and the expectation that opportunistic activity will likely remain constrained heading into the second quarter of the year. We forecast global rated issuance to decline in the mid-teens percent range and investment-grade activity to decrease by approximately 10%. Leveraged finance issuance has been acutely impacted by market uncertainty with over 20 days of no high yield activity during the quarter. We now project full year 2022 high yield and leverage loan issuance to decline by approximately 40% and 30%, respectively. Similarly, we forecast a 10% decrease in financial institutions activity and a 5% decline in public project and infrastructure finance activity. In structured finance, we expect wider spreads and a weaker future leverage loan supply to impact the financing and creation of new CLOs for the balance of the year. We are, therefore, revising our outlook for structured finance issuance to decline by approximately 10%. And finally, we are reducing our full year guidance for new mandates to a range of 850 to 950 despite a strong new mandate result of almost 240 in the first quarter. Due to our revised rated issuance outlook, we now forecast MIS revenue to decrease in the low double-digit percent range. We have proportionately lowered MIS’ adjusted operating margin guidance to approximately 59%. This outlook remains above the pre-pandemic levels of 2018 and 2019, reflecting prudent spending on strategic investments and employee recognition, carefully balanced with ongoing cost efficiency initiatives. For MA, we are reaffirming our guidance for high-teens revenue growth supported by tailwinds from recent acquisitions, strong customer retention rates and ARR outlook, as well as robust demand for our subscription based products as we successfully execute on our integrated risk assessment strategy. We are maintaining MA’s adjusted operating margin guidance of approximately 29%, as we organically invest in the business to further accelerate topline growth. I would like to provide additional insight into our disciplined approach to expense allocation and management, which we believe is critically important to ensure long-term sustainable growth as we move through the current short-term cyclical volatility impacting the MIS business. In the first quarter, operating expenses rose 16% over the prior year period. Approximately 13 percentage points of this growth were attributable to operational and integration related costs associated with acquisitions completed in the prior 12 months. Operating growth, including organic investments and annual compensation increases, net of ongoing efficiency initiatives, contributed approximately 6 percentage points. Lower incentive compensation accruals and a strengthening U.S. dollar offset expense growth by approximately 1% and 2 percentage points, respectively. For the full year, we expect expense growth to be more than $100 million lower than our previous forecast, an increase now in the high single-digit percent range. This includes approximately 9 percentage points of growth attributable to acquisitions completed within the last 12 months. We remain committed to invest an incremental $50 million and $150 million in 2022 to attract and retain world-class talent, as well as to enhance our product capabilities and expand distribution to capture these new opportunities, respectively. We anticipate that these investments will be partially offset through our ongoing cost efficiency programs and lower incentive compensation accruals. Last, we strongly believe that the market volatility in the first half of the year is cyclical in nature and that the business fundamentals of both MIS and MA remain firmly intact. Therefore, it is especially important that we prudently manage our expenses and continue investing through the cycle in order to realize our medium-term growth prospects. Before turning the call back over to Rob, I would like to highlight a few key takeaways. First, despite the challenging market environment, we delivered over $1.5 billion in revenue and an adjusted diluted EPS results of $2.89. Second, while short-term volatility and market cyclicality are affecting issuance levels, our business fundamentals remain strong. Third, MA’s robust recurring revenue growth and high customer retention rates reflect the strong demand for our integrated risk assessment solutions and provide balance to Moody’s overall results. Fourth, our new ARR metric provides further insight into our momentum towards achieving our medium-term targets. And finally, we remain focused on investing through the cycle to build market leading products and capabilities in key strategic growth areas and balancing disciplined expense management with the return of stockholder capital. And with that, let me turn the call back over to Rob.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Thanks, Mark. I want to close by recognizing the efforts of our people and their continued dedication and hard work remain key to driving growth and resilience and delivering on our strategy as an integrated global risk assessment firm. And that’s an additional reason despite the turbulent times in the issuance markets that I remain confident and optimistic about Moody’s growth fundamentals. Our mission is even more critical as our customers rely on us to provide trusted insights and standards that help them make decisions with confidence in this environment. So that concludes our prepared remarks and Mark and I would be pleased to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will first hear from Manav Patnaik of Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Good morning. I was just hoping on the issuance forecast, if you could give us some color on kind of the seasonality that you assumed, I guess, is this current quarter going to be similar to the first quarter and then improve to the back half, just any color there would be helpful?
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Sure, Manav. Maybe a way to think about this is kind of what’s going on year-to-date and how do we think about what’s going to happen here to go, what’s implied in our outlook. And obviously, we are projecting full year issuance to be down mid-teens for 2022. Issuance was down 25% in Q1, so that implies a deceleration of issuance decline through the rest of the year, meaning that our year-to-go issuance will be down in the kind of, call it, kind of low teens versus 2021 year-to-go. And I would say, Manav, in arriving at that outlook, most of the downward adjustment relative to our prior outlook is in Q2, and Q3 and Q4 represent, I’d say, much more modest decreases versus our original outlook.
Mark Kaye: And Manav, if I carry forward those remarks and thinking about adjusted diluted EPS, the lower MIS revenue results in the first three months of 2022 impacted the adjusted diluted EPS by approximately $0.80 versus the prior year period. And our latest full year 2022 outlook guidance for the $11 at the midpoint implies an average quarterly diluted EPS result of $2.70 for the remainder of the year and that includes an additional approximately $0.70 assumed adverse impact from issuance to the EPS results in the second quarter.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. Got it. That’s very helpful.
Rob Fauber: Okay.
Manav Patnaik: And then I was just hoping you could give us a little bit more color on your new ESG and climate revenue breakout. How much is the climate piece that’s coming from RMS, and I would have thought low double-digit growth sounds conservative, but just curious maybe it’s just a matter of putting the offerings together?
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Manav, it’s Rob. I am going to start and then I might see if Mark wants to build on this. But if you think about just climate for a moment, there are really two core components, I think, to how we are thinking about commercializing around climate. The first is helping customers understand the physical risk relating to climate change and there we have some very substantial capabilities with RMS. And then second is around understanding carbon transition and understanding how companies are going to get to net zero, obviously, we have got an ESG component in this as well. And just to touch on just briefly in terms of the growth rate and then I will hand it to Mark. With RMS being a big part of this, obviously, we just acquired RMS recently. So we are just in the process of extending the product suite beyond our core insurance customer base. So I think you will see an acceleration of growth over time.
Mark Kaye: Yeah. And Manav, we also looked -- thought through several considerations in determining what was the appropriate classification of climate source revenue and then included utilizing the guidance provided by the SEC and their proposed rules for climate-related disclosures, which really reflects the impact of severe weather events, direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions and some of the climate-related targets and transition plans. And we also did a leveraging of the industry standard publications on the TCFD, et cetera, and so when you think about the combined ESG and climate. We really only captured the revenues associated with climate related perils like floods, hurricanes, typhoons, wildfires and agriculture. And as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, in April, we did launch our new platform, Moody’s ESG360 and that will enhance the way investors and asset managers across our ESG and climate portfolio are able to get insights and that’s really a very user-friendly platform that delivers sort of that comprehensive and decision useful data scores and assessments.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. And Manav, the last thing I’d say, I mentioned it on the prepared remarks, but we want to break this out, because we want the investor community. I have a sense of the scale that we have got across, not just ESG, but climate. Climate is a very, very important part of the E in ESG, and as you heard Mark described, we have a real product suite there that we are going to continue to build on. So we wanted to give some visibility to investors in that regard.
Operator: And next we will hear from Alex Kramm of UBS.
Alex Kramm: Yeah. Hey. Good morning. Just coming back to the issuance outlook, of course, in your prepared remarks, it sounded like you are pretty confident that all the medium-term indicators are still intact and it almost sounds like you feel like the second half of the year should almost normalize again. So just wondering what the risk is that you are being a little bit too optimistic here? When you meet with or when your analysts meet with corporates, are you hearing, for example, more appetite for deleveraging and would that be something where that $4 trillion in refinancing wall at some point becomes irrelevant, because we are going into this deleveraging cycle? So any color of what you are hearing that there may be a little bit more of a structural change, I know it’s early?
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Alex, good to have you on the call. So as I said in the kind of year ago, we -- in Q2 we have adjusted the forecast for each of Q2, Q3 and Q4 off of our original outlook. It’s just that there’s a more significant downward adjustment in Q2 and so we think that conditions will, therefore, improve through the balance of the year. But maybe what would be helpful Alex is, there’s a question obviously from many on the call, are we being too aggressive or are we being too conservative, right? And so maybe to help you answer that, let me give you a little bit of our thinking in terms of what could provide some upside here and what could provide some downside. And I think the quickest resolution to some of this market volatility would be a resolution of what’s going on in Ukraine, and obviously, that’s significantly impacted the European markets. And we have seen a high yield market in Europe shut down for a long length of time and just recently opened. And that would allow these infrequent issuers who have been sitting on the sidelines to potentially come back to market. And now an interesting stat, in the U.S., issuance from infrequent issuers was down almost 50% in the first quarter of 2022 versus the prior year. That’s a big number. So a lot of companies were sitting out the volatility, and as you said, their balance sheets are in good shape. There are the impacts of interest rate hikes, and of course, we have got the maturity wall that you mentioned, and the real question is, are we going to start to see some pull-forward as issuers realize that rates are increasing. And we really haven’t seen that to any material extent in the first quarter, because I think the market volatility kind of overwhelmed those that wanted to potentially get into the market and pull-forward. Our leveraged loan expectation, you heard still down pretty significantly off of a record year, but we do have a healthy first-time mandate pipeline. And so actually, the first quarter of this year was our second strongest first quarter for first time mandates that we have had. But a lot of those issuers just haven’t come to market, again, because of the volatility. So we have got -- I would say, there’s kind of a backlog, and of course, we also haircut our M&A driven issuance assumptions as well. So those are the kinds of things that I think could provide a little bit of upside. In terms of headwinds, look, one thing that’s on everybody’s minds is depending what the Fed does, could we see the economy move into recession. We don’t see that from where we sit right now, but that’s a question mark. Second, and I have talked about this on the call is, another risk is just the market understanding, the actions of various central banks, and obviously, there’s been an enormous amount of stimulus put into the markets over the last several years. And so it’s when the market is surprised or doesn’t understand that you see real volatility in the markets and we saw that with the temper tantrum. You have seen a little bit of that in the first quarter and that then creates these open and close windows of issuance. I would also say that, just in thinking about kind of the bigger picture, of course, we have talked about a stagflation scenario would be something that would be negative, where we have got an increase in interest rates, but it’s not because of economic growth. And so, again, we don’t see that from where we sit today, but that’s something that we are keeping an eye on.
Alex Kramm: Okay. Helpful. I will make my follow-up, a quick follow-up then. On the recurring revenues in MIS, any outlook you can be a little bit specific on? I mean we have had a lot of issuance over the last couple of years, I would expect recurring revenues in that segment still to benefit from that. But just wondering with your new adjusted outlook here, is there an implication that recurring revenues may start to come off a little bit in MIS, too, or how should those trends?
Mark Kaye: Alex, this is Mark. Just answering your question with respect to MIS, then I will give a little bit on MA. I wasn’t sure which segment you are referencing. But on the MIS side, we are looking for an increase in recurring revenue from obviously 2021’s mix to 2022. You could think about it almost as a two-third, one-third 3 is embedded within the outlook for the full year. On the MA side, you will see remarkable consistency really from the first quarter of 2022 through to the full year guidance that we are giving in terms of that mix between recurring and transactional revenue, again, as we develop for SaaS-based solutions, which we can discuss later on.
Alex Kramm: Yeah. It was on MIS, but I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Next we will hear from Toni Kaplan of Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan: Thank you. You lowered the MIS margin guide and you gave a good bridge of how that compares to 2021. Just in terms of the quarter itself, were there specific areas that we are seeing cost pressure outside of the revenue flow-through? And then just thinking about the rest of the year, obviously, incentive comp will be helpful to offset as issuance is a little bit weaker this year. But any other additional areas where you could maybe find some efficiencies to help the margin?
Mark Kaye: Sure, Toni. So, in the first quarter, the MIS adjusted operating margin was 58.6% and that was in line with what we saw in the pre-pandemic margin levels, if you think about 2018 or 2019 of around 58%. The contraction from the record prior year period was primarily driven by a decline in revenue attributable to volatility in the capital markets, which is really resulting from that heightened uncertainty given sort of the quarter’s geopolitical events. If we exclude some of the onetime expenses related to the Russia-Ukraine conflict in the quarter, which reflected personnel related costs and provision for bad debts, MIS expenses were actually been flat year-over-year. And that’s inclusive of the financial cost of attracting, retaining best-in-class analytical talent across the MIS lines of business, as well as strengthening -- we are taking actions to strengthen our relevance and support future growth. Certainly, the incentive compensation does act as a natural ballast or set to that. But we do continue to look for additional opportunity for operating efficiency in the business such that we can then reinvest that money back into our ratings processes.
Toni Kaplan: Great. And then it looked like you increased the CapEx guidance for the year. Obviously, it -- I am just wondering what kind of initiatives that you are ramping up there. Is it related to just growth opportunities or is it more related to acquisition or just anything else? Thanks.
Mark Kaye: Toni, absolutely. The answer is a little bit of both, but maybe let me broaden out your question a little bit and then I will get directly on to the CapEx part of the answer. So Moody’s has a very strong track record of free cash flow generation. Cumulatively between 2018 and 2021, our weighted average free cash flow to U.S. GAAP net in conversion -- net income conversion was over 100%. And this conversion rate holds based on our revised full year 2022 free cash flow guidance range, which at the midpoint of $1.9 billion implies approximately 100% conversion ratio. We have also revised our full year 2022 CapEx guidance to be within the range of $250 million to $300 million and that’s really to reflect a combination of a number of factors. And those include sort of the ongoing investment, especially around SaaS-based product development for both new and upgraded customer solutions, RMA integration activity, office enhancements related to our Workplace of the Future program and then really corporate IT asset purchases as we refresh our PC hardware and some of the associated peripherals. Maybe one last comment here, guidance for EPS and for cash flow at the midpoint does imply sort of a little bit of a disconnect and you are able to resolve that by accustom really the following two factors. Really free cash flow is expected to outpace the adjusted diluted EPS when you correct for the tax payments in 2021 associated with the potential U.S. corporate tax rate changes, which ultimately did not occur, as well as some of the changes associated with the non-U.S. tax settlement in the fourth quarter of last year.
Toni Kaplan: Very helpful. Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Next we will hear from George Tong of Goldman Sachs.
George Tong: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to dive into margins a little bit, you are seeing, obviously, higher input costs, wage inflation. How do you balance the higher input costs with investments over the next year? Where would you see puts and takes on either side of the equation?
Mark Kaye: George, we continue to carefully evaluate opportunities to invest for sustainable revenue growth, while balancing those investments against cost efficiency initiatives that really buttress or further expand our adjusted operating margin, and this is especially important in volatile market conditions. Given that we do view today’s prevailing market dynamics as cyclical, rather than structural in nature, we plan to invest through the cycle to support our medium-term growth ambitions. And these investments are going to be focused on customer enhancements, new products, go-to-market activities and really growth in our sales force. And collectively, they ensure execution of our strategic road maps in the high priority markets like KYC and compliance, ESG and climate, banking, insurance, for example. Our incentive compensation accruals, as we mentioned a moment ago, will flex based on the actual performance as compared to the financial targets that we set at the start of the year. So they do act as a natural expense leader. And we have also learned since the beginning of the pandemic that many business activities can be successfully performed remotely and while travel and entertainment costs will rise compared to the prior two years, we will prioritize some of the customer facing travel when needed. And then lastly, I’d like to add, we will look to continue to create incremental cost efficiencies through the utilization of lower cost locations and vendor management strategies, as well as further rationalization of our real estate footprint.
George Tong: Got it. That’s helpful. And to the extent that you are potentially adjusting your investments to lower them a bit in the context of rising input costs, which areas would you potentially invest less in as you look to adapt to the current changing input cost environment?
Mark Kaye: Yeah. We remain on track to spend approximately $150 million on our organic strategic investments in 2022, which like 2021 will be weighted towards the second half of the year. And those investments are really going to be focused on, again, increasing our sales force, our go-to-market initiatives, et cetera. We also as mentioned in the script, maintain our expectation for an additional $50 million of investment in our employees to attract and retain the best talent in order to achieve our growth aspirations, so that will not change. Our guidance for expenses over the full year assumes an increase in spending from the first quarter to the fourth quarter in the range of about $70 million to $90 million, and that’s because we anticipate steadily increasing organic investment activity through the cycle and that will be weighted towards the second half of the year. And within that ramp, you should expect the growth from the first quarter to the second quarter to be in the range of $30 million to $40 million and that’s going to be driven in part by the timing of our annual merit and promotional increases, which took place in April.
Operator: Next we will hear from Andrew Steinerman of JPMorgan.
Andrew Steinerman: Hi. It’s Andrew. Two questions. On the current rated issuance forecast of down mid-teens for the year, are you assuming that issuance is down each of the quarters of 2022? That’s my first question. My second question is I wanted to know how RMS revenues grew like-for-like in the first quarter. I assume RMS revenues in the quarter were $77 million. I get that by just looking at the M&A contribution for the Decision Solutions sub-segment for first quarter?
Rob Fauber: Andrew, it’s Rob. So to answer the first question, yes, and again, in line with some of the earlier commentary, we would expect most of that to be in the second quarter, most of that kind of downward adjustment. Your question -- your second question was about RMS growth. And I guess, I would say, just at a high level, we have expected RMS growth to accelerate through the balance of the year. And in fact, sales are performing as or even slightly better than we have expected. So from our perspective, RMS is performing kind of exactly as we have planned, and I guess, I would point out a couple of important things that are going on there. Obviously, we have got the corporate integration, but we have really been focused on aligning the sales teams. And I have mentioned in the past, we have had some very good dialogue with some of our mutual customers about things that we can do together. So we are seeing a lot of excitement from our customers and we have started now on some of the joint product development. And one interesting example maybe to highlight is around commercial mortgage-backed securities. We have mapped every property that’s got an outstanding loan in a CMBS security with RMS data, and that allows us to help our customers better understand the physical risk associated with their portfolios. And really we are now leveraging that in both our ratings and research in a way that I think is very differentiated. That’s taking that RMS capability and then being able to bring that to both our issuers and our investor customers. So, again, we believe that we are on track. We are feeling good about it. The integration and product development and sales execution is going at pace.
Andrew Steinerman: Great. Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Ashish Sabadra of RBC Capital Markets.
Ashish Sabadra: Oh! Thanks for taking my questions. So maybe just drilling down further on the MIS transaction revenues, historically, the revenues grew faster than issuance, because you have the pricing tailwind. But here given that some of the higher revenue yield like high yield and lev loans are under pressure, how should we think about the dynamic of transaction revenue growth versus issuance growth for this year? Thanks. Any color.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Ashish, so we frequently talk about on this call the impact of mix as it relates to issuance and this is one of those quarters where mix worked against us from a revenue growth standpoint. In this case, our transaction revenues were a little bit lower or that the decline was a little higher than the decline in issuance activity, obviously, in turn, our 20% down benefited from recurring revenue growth. But really what was going on here, Ashish, is the leveraged finance markets were pretty anemic in the first quarter and you heard me talk about the dearth of infrequent issuers. All of that stuff contributes then to an unfavorable mix for us in the first quarter.
Ashish Sabadra: That’s very helpful. And then maybe as we think about -- maybe Rob as we think about the mid-term guidance, right, given that 2022 is going to be worse compared to what your prior expectations were, how should we think about that as a base for the mid-term guidance? Does that help you get a better base for out years or do you think this headwinds and muted growth continues over the mid-term? So, any color on that low- to mid-term, sorry, low-to-mid single-digit MIS revenue growth guidance over the mid-term?
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Ashish, it’s -- Mark and I were having a conversation about this. And it’s interesting if you step back and compare our revised 2022 guidance to the last pre-pandemic year of 2019. And I think we all understand that 2020 and 2021 were pretty unusual years. But if you compare our 2022 guidance to 2019, the issuance will be up double digits and MIS revenues will be up in the high-teens percent range over 2019. Now if you annualize that, so I turn that into a CAGR, that’s something like low and that’s remarkably similar to both the periods [Technical Difficulty] pandemic. I look back at kind of 2000 [Technical Difficulty] revenue CAGR in the mid single-digit range, but it’s also very similar to our medium-term guidance. I talked about the things that we believe are still intact that support the medium-term guidance and on the last call, we talked about, hey, look, in the first year or two of this medium-term horizon, we expected the growth to be more muted, and in fact, I think, we are certainly seeing that. But for the reasons I described, we still feel good about the medium-term growth outlook for MIS.
Ashish Sabadra: That’s very helpful color. Thank you very much.
Operator: Andrew Nicholas, William Blair.
Andrew Nicholas: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. The first one I had was just on some comments you made in the in the prepared remarks and press release about your risk management offerings providing increased value during uncertain times. I was just wondering if you could maybe expand a bit more on that and maybe how you would expect that to kind of flush its way through in terms of financial performance or growth. Is that leading to more productive pricing conversations, are new clients coming to you with that in mind in a choppier market to have new product or upsell conversations that you might not have otherwise had? Just trying to figure out what that could mean in terms of performance for the business?
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Great question and the answer is, yeah, absolutely. When you think about it from our customer’s perspective, we have talked about this. They are just dealing with a wider range of more interconnected risks and having to figure out how to deal with all that and so increasingly, our customers are wanting to be able to kind of connect the dots. And so I think that the expansion of our capabilities and thinking about it from this concept of providing integrated perspectives on risk is adding -- is allowing us to do new logos, so new customer segments, customer types, as well as deepen our relationships with existing customers. So I will give you an example. We have been expanding into now serving social media companies that have e-commerce platforms who want to better understand who’s transacting on the platform. We have been now extending into serving new crypto and digital asset companies, same thing. We -- so there’s a great example of new customer segments that we are able to serve. But also you take our [Technical Difficulty]. I am thinking of -- we had an Asian bank that we serve and we helped them around stress testing, and they came to us and said, hey, can you help us measure and manage ESG and climate risk, because we are going to have to comply with regulatory stress tests that incorporate these factors? And the answer is absolutely, we can help you with that. And so that’s a great example of them being able to broaden and deepen the relationship with that customer. So, like I said, I think, you are going to see it two ways, new customer segments and expanding the relationship with existing customers.
Andrew Nicholas: Got it. Thank you. And then for my follow-up, just curious, I know you are confident that this is more of a cyclical headwind in the near-term to issuance than secular. Does that change your appetite for M&A in the near-term or at least until MIS revenue or issuance trends stabilize or is it pretty much business as usual on that front? Thank you.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. I guess, I would say, kind of our M&A program is not really kind of dictated by what’s going on in the issuance markets. We are very much focused on the product road maps that we have got in terms of what our customers want and need. In fact, you have actually seen us make an investment in the MIS business in the first quarter with our acquisition of GCR in Africa and that is a very long-term play for us. So we are going to keep investing in that franchise. It’s a great business. And on the MA side, we will be guided by customer needs and product road maps.
Operator: Craig Huber, Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Hey. Great. Thank you. My first question, Rob and Mark, what sort of -- I am curious what sort of macro environment are you expecting here, say, by year end for the U.S. treasury rate or do you think trying and also the Fed rate at year end, what’s sort of embedded in your mind when you put out this global debt issuance outlook of down mid-teens? That’s my first question.
Mark Kaye: Craig, as we think through to the outlook for the year and then a little bit beyond, our central case does model continued GDP expansion in part over the year but also in part of the medium-term at a slightly higher level than what prevailed prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. And that’s really based on the GDP full cost that we use internally from Moody’s Analytics. So you could think about between 21 and 26 in average annual real GDP growth in the range of around 2.5% as we look out. On your question around interest rates, we have again applied sort of the insights from Moody’s Analytics database and we model out an increase in the 10-year rate from approximately 2% to 3% this year to around 4% by 2027 to answer your question.
Craig Huber: What about the Fed interest rate by year end? What sort of embedded there in your macro outlook here?
Mark Kaye: We are assuming approximately six interest rate increases during the course of the year. That would be consistent, I think, with consensus in the market. We are not looking to model anything different or distinct from that?
Operator: Jeff Silber, BMO Capital Markets
Jeff Silber: Thanks. That’s close enough. I know it’s late I will ask one question. You mentioned some of the spending you are doing. I don’t know if staff -- retention staff recruiting. Can we talk about the environment? Has it changed over the past few weeks or months given what’s going on in the overall economy? Thanks.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. I’d say just at a very high level. I mean it’s still a competitive job market. So, yes, there’s been a some form of kind of correction in the equity markets. But we are very focused on, I’d say, kind of broadly our employee value proposition. And compensation is a very important part of that, and Mark talked about the investments that we are making to make sure we have competitive compensation in the market. But there are a number of other things that that go into it as well and we are finding workplace flexibility is really important. And we have leaned into flexibility, we have done a great job over the last two years and so we are going to continue to do that. We think that that’s going to be a competitive advantage for us in terms of attracting talent.
Jeff Silber: Okay. Appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Owen Lau of Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: Good afternoon and thank you for taking my question. I want to go back to MA. Your organic ARR was 9% for the quarter and I think you introduced the target of low double-digit growth this year. Maybe could you please talk about the driver of this acceleration for the rest of this year, is it more driven by KYC and compliance. What -- you talked about ESG and climate or any other products, if you can quantify for us, that would be great? Thank you.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Owen, good to hear from you. So we had very strong performance in MA really across the Board. And maybe I would highlight just a few things and this hopefully will give you a sense for the momentum that we have in the business. But the growth in Decision Solutions, there we had 20% organic constant dollar recurring revenue growth. So that’s when you think about organic recurring revenue growth ex the impact of FX and we are just seeing very strong demand for KYC and compliance solutions ongoing. And there, if you think about what’s happening with our customers, there’s an intense demand right now for tools that help with not only sanctions compliance, but just better understanding the risk of who you are connecting to, who you are doing business with. So, customers, of course, but also thinking about supply chain. And so we are really leaning into that. You heard that the usage stats are up significantly. That’s a very good kind of leading indicator. Owen, of when you see heavy usage, you can expect that you are deepening the value props, your customers are realizing the value proposition of your solutions that ultimately can lead into supporting pricing. It can support cross-sell and upsell at customers. Our sales activity is picking up. We had a need program where we were doing actually screening our customers’ portfolios for them. So that they can get a sense of what they might be missing in their own screening processes. So and on top of that, we made several investments last year. As you know, we made several acquisitions, but also we have been investing heavily in internal product development. And so with the PassFort workflow platform that we acquired, we have now been really working on integrating our content sets into that, working on rolling out some new products where our customer’s continue to need help in terms of efficiency and effectiveness and not only around KYC, but also around suppliers. So I could probably go on across the portfolio, but it gives you a sense, Owen, of very good performance in the quarter, but very good momentum as well.
Owen Lau: Got it. That’s very helpful. And then going back to the buyback, $1.5 billion, you maintained that guidance. I know, Rob, you answered a question around M&A criteria. But the valuation of many assets has come down. So at this point, how do you think about the pace of share buyback versus M&A, which can also drive long-term value of the company? Thank you.
Rob Fauber: Hey. Owen, just one thing. I ran the M&A department for a bunch of years here and you are right, the value of public assets has come down. But I will say that a lot of assets in our space, if you have got companies that don’t have leverage capital structures, they are in no hurry to sell, right? So it doesn’t always mean that it’s a more conducive M&A market when you see kind of a downturn in public market valuations.
Mark Kaye: And Owen, we do remain focused as a management team on prudent capital planning and allocation and we spoke about this several times. So just to reinforce, we do try to identify opportunities for organic and inorganic investments in the high growth markets first and then to the extent there are additional investment dollars, we will seek to return that capital to our stockholders through share repurchases and dividends.  And our M&A framework, as Rob mentioned earlier, is really structured in a manner such that we pursue the right investments to enhance the services we deliver to our customers and return capital to our stockholders. And then approach incorporates business and strategic plan development, among other factors such as market attractiveness, which you mentioned, as well as a competitive review. And that only enables us or allows us to pursue new deals where there’s a clear set of transaction core elements among, first, supporting and advancing our global integrated risk assessment strategy, second, reinforcement sort of the development of our standards based business, and then third is sort of leveraging our brand distribution and analytical capabilities to create more as a whole rather than distinct and separate elements.
Owen Lau: That’s very helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Simon Clinch of Atlantic Equities.
Simon Clinch: Hi. Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to jump back just to the guide for issuance and for MIS revenue. I am just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the levels of visibility you have in building your guidance for those two outlooks. And just give us a sense of how much is based on just looking historically and seeing how things have trended in the past to actually what you can actually see ahead of you?
Rob Fauber: Hey. Simon, it’s Rob. So maybe just to give you a sense of some of the data points and color that goes into how we thought about the outlook. Maybe that will be helpful for you and I could also maybe even touch on a little bit, just kind of kind of current market conditions. Obviously, we don’t have great visibility into the full year, but we do have some visibility into the current market. But, first of all, just from investment grade, obviously, we have got that down for the year. We have got it down 10% for the year versus down mid-20%s for Q1. But there, we think we will see some increased issuance to support opportunistic refi and M&A. So you had -- some of those issuers were just sitting on the sidelines. When you think about high yield and leveraged loans, there the decreases that we are seeing for the year are substantially greater. And even though we think there will be a little bit of improvement through the balance of the year, the broader market conditions, including the equity market volatility, wider spreads, continued uncertainty around resolution of Russia and Ukraine, all that impacts the leverage finance markets more than investment grade. When you see a lot of equity market volatility, that’s typically very challenging for leveraged finance markets. When we look at the kind of public and infrastructure area where we expect that to be down something like mid-single digits but year-to-go roughly flat, so some modest improvement baked in, there again, I think, kind of like what we expect with the investment grade issuers. We expect that those infrastructure issuers are going to return from sitting on the sidelines in the first quarter. I think we will see lower supply from sovereigns who have done a lot of kind of prefunding over the last couple of years combined with some rising funding costs. Let me just touch on structured for a second, too, because there we had a very strong first quarter, obviously. Our revenues were up 24% in structured finance. But you heard that we are actually looking for issuance to be down for the year. So what’s going on there? Well, one, you had some spread widening in some of these asset classes and concerns about rate increases. So there, we did -- we do think we saw some pull-forward of issuance that supported that really strong first quarter. CMBS, very strong and we expect that to continue for the year. But CLOs, you think about what’s going on CLOs, frequently tied to what’s going on in the leveraged loan market. So with leverage loans down meaningfully, there’s less, not only less leverage loan creation for new CLO formation, but with spreads widening, that will put a little bit of damper on refinancing activity. So that’s generally how we are thinking about the outlook. And then in terms of just the best visibility we have got is just kind of what the current market looks like. And I would say that, the markets are open for business. We would expect in investment grade, I would expect May to pick up off of April. April was a real mixed bag. There was more financial issuance than there was corporate. We had some blackouts and some of the corporates continued to sit out the volatility. There’s a lot of dry powder for M&A, but again, volatility will dictate how much of that comes to the market. High yield is pretty sluggish. As I mentioned earlier, the European high yield market has finally reopened after 11 weeks of no issuance. So we may see some M&A backlog there come to market. Leveraged loans are certainly stronger than high yield but off of a torrid pace. I mentioned we have got a good FTM backlog, first time mandate backlog. So, hopefully, some of that will come to market. And the last thing, I would say, Simon, is just looking at funds flows, we have seen five consecutive weeks of fund inflows in leveraged loans, while we have seen fund outflows for high yield almost through the balance of the year. So, hopefully, that gives you a sense of the data points that we are looking at in kind of building to our forecast.
Simon Clinch: Thanks. That’s really helpful actually. Thank you. And just a quick follow-up, I was wondering if you could just give us a sense as well, I mean, with all the impressive strong momentum you are getting in Moody’s Analytics, how should we think about the economic sensitivity of those recurring revenues, if we were to contemplate a recessionary scenario, for example? Is this revenue stream actually going to be much more resilient than people think or what are the sensitivities end?
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Simon, it’s interesting. If you look all the way back to the global financial crisis, MA’s revenues proved to be pretty durable and resilient and I think that would be the case here if we have an economic downturn. When we talk about this stuff about it’s in times of uncertainty when customers need us most, that really is -- that’s true. You see that with MA and you are not going to see banks turning off their KYC vendors in running risk of regulatory noncompliance, because they are trying to cut costs. So I don’t want to be glib about it. But I would just say that the fundamental value proposition will remain intact during times of stress and uncertainty. I do believe that will be true.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum of Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Factors that you have going into the guidance, particularly with the U.S. GDP of 3.5% to 4.5%, and what are you seeing that Q, like, as you put that out there as part of the assumption when we had a negative 1.4% for the first quarter? So what do you -- what are the kind of the puts and takes around that and then afterwards I have one follow-up.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Shlomo, hi. It’s Rob. So the first quarter GDP print was a quarter-over-quarter trend. So that was growth relative to the first -- to the fourth quarter of 2021. And obviously, in the fourth quarter of 2021, you had very strong GDP growth. It was almost about 7% and so I think we had expected some pullback in the first quarter, which happened. If you look at it on a year-over-year basis for the quarter, you actually had positive GDP growth, I think in the kind of the 3.5 percentage range, which is kind of still within the range that we are looking at for the balance of the year. There were some technical factors to that. But in general, I would say that, the key variable for us in terms of GDP growth is thinking about the geopolitical dynamics, policy response to it and there’s still a lot of uncertainty around it. But in general, we think our forecasts are in line with a number of other prognosticators.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. Great. Thank you for the clarification. And then in terms of what we are seeing in the rate environment, it seems that there’s likely to be less of what we have seen a lot in the last few years of pull-forwards in terms of opportunistic refi. Can you talk a little bit about how that assumption has changed in the last quarter? In other words, we typically have seen as rates gone down some more kind of opportunistic refi and can you maybe give a little bit more color about how that impacted the level of MIS kind of takedown that you assume now for this year?
Rob Fauber: Yeah. So in a rising rate environment, like, we have got here, we would expect to see CFOs and treasurers start to look at pulling forward issuance to get ahead of those rate increases. I mentioned earlier that, we really didn’t see much of that in the first quarter and that’s because I think the market volatility kind of overwhelmed the desire to kind of pull-forward and be opportunistic in the market. It was just a very difficult market to access if you didn’t need to. So we have not built in substantial pull-forward into our forecast, which is why I mentioned it earlier, it’s a possible upside. You could imagine to market volatility comes down a bit. We could see some of this pull-forward activity.
Mark Kaye: And so part of the drivers there could really be the elevated cash balances that would temporarily constrain issuance. In the first quarter, just to put a couple of numbers around that, in terms of investment grade, we saw globally around 11% eligible investment grade issuers actually come to the market in the first quarter and that’s meaningfully below what we have seen over the last two years. But interestingly enough, of that 11% that came to the market, two-thirds of those had issued last year, so not so much opportunistic issuance but more for regular ongoing financing. Conversely, on the high yield fund, just 2% of eligible issuers issued in the first quarter, that’s meaningfully probably two or three standard deviations below what we have seen in other first quarters. But a third of those were repeat issuers from 2021, sort of emphasizing that point around opportunistic issuance that Rob was making.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. Great.
Operator: Our next question come from -- comes from Kevin McVeigh of Credit Suisse.
Kevin McVeigh: Great. Thanks so much. Hey. It seems like the margins are behaving a lot better, particularly given the meaningful downward revisions and a little bit of that is the mix of MA versus MIS. So maybe talk to that a little bit and if you can give us a sense of where the margins sit within MA more specifically, if there’s a range to think about marker, I wanted kind of start there, if we could?
Mark Kaye: Kevin, thanks for the question. So maybe if I just spend a minute on some of the financial characteristics of some of the new MA LOBs first, and then, I will get on to that specific question sort of about margin by LOB. Data and Information revenue for the first quarter was 100% reoccurring and that was up from approximately 99% recurring as of the year end 2021 and that’s with a customer retention rate of 95%. Research [Technical Difficulty], which is 100% organic, had revenue that was up 7% and a recurring revenue rate of 99% in 2021 and had increased 97%, which is up 1% from the year before. Decision Solutions recurring revenue was 87% of the total, with a 96% customer retention rate. Retention rates were up from 84% and 93%, respectively, compared to 2021. So a very strong sample set. If you look at the MA LOBs now from an operating leverage perspective, given that both Data and Information and Research and Insights are businesses with very high recurring revenue. You could naturally expect those two LOBs to have a stronger margin profile than MA overall. Decision Solutions, which includes RMS intuitively must then have a lower margin profile and that really results from the higher proportion of existing on-prem solutions and transaction-based services, as well as the relatively outsized incurrence of investment dollars in that LOB as we develop software and workflow tools to meet robust customer demand. And then over time, as we execute on our plans to achieve MA’s medium-term adjusted [Technical Difficulty] you could expect the majority of that both from improving operating leverage in Decision Solutions while the margin profiles of Data and Information and Research and Insights should be relatively stable.
Kevin McVeigh: Very helpful. And then, I guess, either Mark or Rob, I know you tweaked the GDP, but it’s still pretty strong GDP relative to other cycles. So as you think about the issuance, is it more the macro uncertainty in terms of where we are as opposed to the base GDP and that kind of factors into some of the recovery in the back half of the year, because it seems like you are coming up against tougher comps and you are still seeing some inflection. So is there just any more puts and takes? I know folks have spent a lot of time on that, but is that a fair way to think about it?
Mark Kaye: Maybe the way I will approach this Kevin is, we alluded to this a little bit during Investor Day, but given the uncertainty around the duration and the severity of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, as well as what we know to be ongoing Central Bank actions to address inflationary concerns. Our central case assumption is really that the shortfall in first quarter revenue, which has resulted from the lower than expected issuance, which we have discussed, is unlikely to be recovered as the year progresses. And yes, we think this is a short-term cyclical headwinds and as we translate that then to MIS transaction revenue, we expect that to be balanced really between the first half and the second half of 2022, when historically, and I think this is the point that you are getting at on average, the second half has only contributed, let’s call it, 46%-ish of the year’s aggregate revenues. That’s sort of the big driver of the differential and that’s driven by several assumptions, some of which we spoke about in the call, including monetary policy, fiscal policy, where we think energy prices are going up. We have got to really make sure that we are observing sort of oil prices where they may stabilize and the implications there for any recessionary conditions in the second half of the year
Operator: Our next question comes from Faiza Alwy of Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy: Yes. Hi. Thank you so much. We have covered a lot of topics. I just wanted to ask a quick clarification question around margins on the Analytics business. We did see a pretty significant sequential acceleration and your guide assume some deceleration. I believe it might be all investments, Mark, that you talked about earlier on the call, but if you could give us any more color around dynamics around investments, inflation pricing, maybe the -- maybe any mix as it relates to the new LOBs that you have talked about, that would be really helpful.
Rob Fauber: Thanks, Faiza. It’s Rob. Welcome to the call. It’s great to have you on and I am going to let Mark take this one.
Mark Kaye: For the full year 2022, we are reaffirming our MA adjusted operating margin guidance of approximately 29% and that includes around 150 basis points to 200 basis points of margin compression from recent acquisitions, primarily RMS, as well as foreign exchange translation. Our guidance implies that the margin on average for the remainder of the year will be 28% and that reflects the impact of our annual promotion and merit increase cycle, which commenced in April, as well as continued targeted organic investments to expand our best-in-class sales force and to focus on cross-selling opportunities across multiple product lines. Similar to 2021 seasonality, we would expect MA’s organic investments to steadily increase throughout the year and that’s going to be commensurate with our ongoing revenue growth and those investments to be primarily weighted towards the second half of the year. We have demonstrated, I think, our ability to grow MA’s organic constant currency recurring revenue over the past year from 9% to 10%. We are still projecting sort of that low double-digit growth in 2022 and these ongoing multiyear investments that that we are making will support the achievement of our targets. And finally, just to sort of close out this one, our path to our medium-term MA margin target of mid-30s, it’s not expected to be linear, especially as we continue to make opportunistic investments as time goes on.
Faiza Alwy: Great. Thank you so much. Very helpful.
Operator: And our next question comes from Patrick O’Shaughnessy of Raymond James.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Hey. Good afternoon. Just one question from me. So you guys lowered your operating cash flow projection. You left share repurchase guidance unchanged and you boosted your CapEx outlook. Does that imply incremental debt issuance relative to your prior forecast?
Mark Kaye: It does not. If I think about sort of debt outstanding, you have got cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments on the balance sheet as of the end of March of approximately $1.9 billion. The carrying value of debt as of the same date is around $7.8 billion. And if you take the net debt, which is 5.9 divided by sort of the trailing 12-month adjusted operating income of about $2.9 billion, we get a net debt to adjusted operating income ratio of about 2.0. We feel very comfortable with that ratio. It’s not in near sort of that BBB+ threshold that Fitch or S&P uses to evaluate Moody’s Corporation. So, hopefully, that sort of helps address your question.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Thanks. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude the question-and-answer session for today. At this time, I’d like to turn the call back over to our presenters for any additional or closing comments.
Rob Fauber: Well, I just want to thank everyone for joining us today and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes Moody’s first quarter 2022 earnings call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the Investor Resources section of the Moody’s IR homepage. Additionally, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 p.m. Eastern Time on Moody’s IR website. Thank you.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-10 11:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, welcome to the Moody's Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I'd like to inform you that this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to turn the call over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shivani Kak : Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss Moody's fourth quarter 2021 results and our guidance. I'm Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the fourth quarter of 2021, and our outlook for full year 2022 and the medium term. The earnings press release and the presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Rob Fauber, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Mark Kaye, Moody's Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures referenced during this call in U.S. GAAP. I call your attention to the safe harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the SEC's website. These, together with the safe harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I will now turn the call over to Rob Fauber.
Robert Fauber: Thanks, Shivani, and good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining today's call. I'm going to begin by summarizing Moody's full year 2021 financial results, and then I'll provide an overview of our business and strategic direction. And following my commentary, Mark Kaye will provide some further details on our fourth quarter 2021 results and share our outlook for 2022 and also our new medium-term financial targets. And after our prepared remarks, as always, we'll be happy to take your questions. Our employees' resilience and commitment and hard work produced some exceptional results in 2021. And I'm proud to share that for the first time, we surpassed $6 billion in revenue with record revenues from both MIS and MA. And adjusted diluted EPS grew at 21% in 2021. Over the past several years, we've invested to build our businesses serving high-growth risk assessment markets. And in 2021, in particular, to seize the really attractive growth opportunity in front of us, we made some substantial investments, particularly in the fourth quarter. Across the firm, we're introducing a range of new products and solutions to help customers identify, manage and measure risk and unlock opportunity, and the pace is accelerating. We're balancing these investments with capital returns and seek to return approximately $2 billion to our stockholders this year in the form of dividends and share repurchases. For 2022, we project Moody's revenue to increase in the high single-digit percent range. That's driven by continued strong growth from MA and robust global debt issuance levels for MIS. And I'm also pleased to announce that in response to investor feedback, we're introducing new medium-term guidance, including Moody's Corporation's revenue to grow by at least 10% on an average annualized basis and adjusted operating margin to be in the low 50s percent range. Recent acquisitions, combined with organic investments, put us in an excellent position to deliver on our integrated risk assessment strategy and achieve these targets. Finally, I want to remind you that Moody's will be hosting our next Investor Day on March 10 later this year in New York City. And during the event, we're going to be showcasing key aspects of our business, and I look forward to meeting many of you in person. It's been a while. And for those who are unable to attend, there will also be a virtual option. Now turning to full year results. Both MIS and MA revenue grew by 16%. MIS rated over $6 trillion of issuance and generated over 1,100 new mandates, and that's equivalent to almost 5 new mandates every working day of the year. And this, combined with MA's 56th consecutive quarter of revenue growth, helped us achieve our second successive year of 20-plus percent adjusted EPS growth. 2021 was really a year where we accelerated our strategy to be the world's leading integrated risk assessment business, that included investing for growth, purposeful innovation and delivering for our stakeholders. During the year, we made a series of acquisitions to enhance our capabilities and further build out our offerings. The largest of these acquisitions, RMS gives us a world-class insurance data and analytics franchise as well as some sophisticated weather and disaster modeling capabilities. And this allows us to serve a wide spectrum of customers, helping them to better understand the physical risks posed by climate change. And that's an important part of our broader ESG offerings. We also made investments to build out our ratings presence in important international markets. And in 2021, we began offering local credit ratings in Brazil as part of the continued expansion of our Moody's Local business across Latin America. And just last week, we announced our intent to acquire a majority stake in GCR ratings, the leading credit rating agency in Africa, giving us an unmatched presence across the continent and really positioning us for the future. In 2021, we expanded our suite of award-winning offerings with more than 15 meaningful product launches. This includes PortfolioStudio, our new cloud-native Software-as-a-Service credit portfolio management tool. It provides a single and powerful view of risk. As part of our broader ecosystem of risk finance and lending solutions, it enables our customers to identify and measure and manage portfolio risks and returns by combining best-in-class Moody's models, scenarios and other content with business applications for financial institutions. We also launched the next generation of supply chain catalysts, providing our customers with an enterprise view of their critical supply relationships. Supply chain catalyst combines our Orbis database with customers' internal data to deliver an integrated view of risk across multiple tiers of their supply chain and taking into account factors like financial health and sustainability and reputational risk among others. And finally, we continue to focus on serving our people, our customers and our communities. Our DE&I initiatives have received some great external recognition, helping to distinguish Moody's as an employer of choice. And that has never been more important than right now. In addition to the accolades that you see on this slide, we were just notified of our inclusion in the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index for the second year in a row. And for the 11th year running, we're very proud to have received a perfect score from the Corporate Equality Index. And on top of these awards, we've achieved recognition from customers for our products and services. And among many other awards, we were named the best credit rating agency by Institutional Investor for the 10th straight year and we're ranked #2 overall in the Charters RiskTech100. Now switching to our segment results, beginning with MIS. Favorable market conditions contributed to our strongest year yet in terms of both revenue and rated issuance. And investment-grade supply moderated off what was really a record 2020, but volumes were still substantial. Meanwhile, the leveraged loan market rebounded sharply, and it was bolstered by low default rates and an uptick in private equity buyout activity as well as increased investor appetite for floating rate debt amid higher inflation. Strong leveraged loan volumes also supported some very strong CLO growth. And more broadly, structured finance issuance rebounded, and that was due to ongoing favorable market conditions, including tight spreads, and that drove both new CLO as well as refinancing activity and CMBS and RMBS issuance in particular. As we consider the issuance drivers and factors for the year ahead, broadly speaking, the economy has demonstrated resilience to the impact of Omicron. GDP is growing. Companies are performing well and job creation continues, all of which underpin business, investor and consumer confidence. But there are headwinds. Inflation remains elevated amidst supply chain constraints in tight labor markets, although we expect price pressures to abate over the course of the year, but still uncertainty around the future path of interest rates may invite some occasional bouts of market volatility. And we've certainly seen that in the start of the year. Historically, a rising interest rate environment, when associated with robust economic activity, has been a positive for MIS.  And I think it's worth noting that even with the potential for interest rate increases this year, overall financing rates will remain at very modest levels from a historical perspective. We forecasted tight spreads, M&A transactions, ongoing refinancing needs and disintermediation will support global debt activity above medium-term historical levels, but with issuance slightly moderating versus record levels in 2021. And Mark is going to provide some details on MIS 2022 issuance expectations later in the call. Now, moving to Moody's Analytics. In 2021, MA's revenue grew by 16%. We also meaningfully increased the mix of recurring revenue, which now represents 93% of MA's total revenue. And underpinning this performance were 9% organic revenue growth supported by a 95% retention rate, over 2,000 new customer accounts added through a combination of global sales execution and acquisitions and targeted investments in high-priority markets. And this momentum gives us the confidence to capitalize on the strong demand and market opportunities across MA by continuing to invest both organically and inorganically. And we're doing just that. In 2021, with a purposeful acceleration in the fourth quarter, we invested to enhance and fast track the launch of several product offerings. For instance, in the fourth quarter, we acquired PassFort and invested to accelerate our integration with the goal of significantly advancing the development of our customer screening and onboarding capabilities. By digitizing and automating the KYC and AML process for our customers, we're providing a streamlined workflow along with data from our Orbis and GRID databases. And we're building an efficient and effective interconnected suite of tools that deliver a stronger value proposition for customers in what is still a relatively fragmented market. We also continue to build product capabilities in commercial real estate. I've previously talked about a product launch in the third quarter, CreditLens for commercial real estate. And that's our SaaS workflow platform built on the latest cloud technology and tailored to the specific needs of commercial real estate lenders. In the fourth quarter, we accelerated the road map for enhancements to the platform, including the overall user experience. We also expedited the launch of our portfolio monitoring solution for commercial real estate investors, integrating and building on the acquisition of RealX data in September, and this solution -- commercial real estate portfolio manager was recently made available to customers in North America. And last, we invested in the ongoing SaaS conversion of our banking software products, which supports growth among our existing customers and will help deepen our penetration of the midsized financial institution sector. And we expect that this conversion will raise our recurring revenue growth rate to low double digits in 2022 and low teens in 2023. With 24% overall sales growth, including 20% increase in our organic recurring sales, we demonstrated significant traction with customers in these 3 segments. This strong sales growth, along with our financial capacity, gave us the confidence to invest opportunistically in the fourth quarter in these areas. For the broader MA business, we're also making some foundational investments, which will support both revenue growth and operating efficiency. In the fourth quarter, we made investments in integrating RMS, which we'll touch on shortly, as well as fine-tuning our sales capabilities to deepen customer penetration, expand cross-selling and refine our go-to-market approach. Now as you can see on this slide, our organic recurring revenue growth rate has steadily improved, and we anticipate it's going to continue to do so and contribute towards our goal of achieving total revenue growth in the low to mid-teens percent range within 5 years. And this focus on organic recurring revenue expansion is at the core of our business strategy for MA.  There are also some other drivers that underpin this medium-term outlook. We're redoubling our focus on customer satisfaction to support our strong retention rates and help us support recurring revenue growth.  Our product enhancements enable us to increase revenue per customer from cross-selling upgrades and pricing opportunities. The continued transition to SaaS and our Enterprise Risk Solutions segment provides the opportunity for revenue uplift from existing customers as well as the opportunity to add new customers. And we're also prioritizing the development of products and solutions for existing and new customers to further tailor our solutions to their unique needs. Now last year on our fourth quarter earnings call, we talked about the use cases that we're serving across what was at the time a $35 billion addressable market opportunity. Now we've since expanded that to $40 billion by adding RMS. And given the demand to assess a wider range of risks, many of these markets are growing quickly, which, as you can see on the right, translated into 4 areas in MA where we generated over $100 million in organic recurring revenue with double-digit growth rates. And this leads me to our acquisition of RMS. And though it's early in the integration process, in meeting with a number of C-suite executives at insurance and reinsurance companies, I got to tell you I'm excited about the opportunity to serve the insurance industry with a broader array of risk assessment offerings as well as leveraging RMS' world-class data and models and expertise to meet our customers' growing needs around disaster and climate risk.  We have aligned and cross-trained our sales teams, and the SaaS migration is ongoing at RMS. Most importantly, the feedback from RMS and Moody's insurance customers has been overwhelmingly positive. They're excited about us jointly providing more comprehensive offerings for both the asset and the liability side of the balance sheet, and we're identifying opportunities for new products that evaluate weather and climate risks to take to the broader Moody's customer base, particularly in commercial real estate, CMBS and banking. To bring this to life, I want to highlight a recent example of a large P&C insurer, which has been a customer of both RMS and to a lesser extent, MA, for years. I met with them recently to talk about how we can be even more of a strategic partner for them. And we discussed how they wanted to integrate ESG considerations into a range of processes that included underwriting, investment, regulatory compliance, scenario analysis, portfolio management.  And ultimately, the breadth of our offerings and our ability to integrate them in ways that provide a more consistent view of ESG risk across the enterprise, and especially for climate change, really differentiated our offerings. And this cross-sell was enabled by the very deep RMS relationship and combined with the broader Moody's ESG capabilities. And I think it's a great example of the kinds of conversations that we're having with many RMS and Moody's insurance customers about how we can enable a consistent view of risk to support profitable growth, lower insured losses and reduced volatility. I'm now going to turn the call over to Mark to provide further details on Moody's fourth quarter results as well as our full year 2022 and medium-term outlook.
Mark Kaye: Thank you, Rob. In the fourth quarter, MIS revenue grew 19%, supported by a 28% increase in transaction revenue as rated issuance rose 23%. Corporate Finance was the largest contributor to revenue, growing 20%, supported by a 21% increase in issuance. This is driven by demand for leveraged loans as issuers opportunistically refinance debt and funded M&A. Heightened investment-grade activity also contributed to growth, while high-yield bonds declined due to a pivot to floating rate debt. Structured finance revenue registered its strongest quarter in a decade as revenue and issuance grew 66% and 148%, respectively. Investors' search for yield and favorable market conditions, including historically tight spreads drove activity across all major structured finance asset classes. Financial institutions revenue increased 6% as issuance grew 22%, while frequent U.S. and European bank issuers took advantage of the attractive rate and spread environment. Public project and infrastructure finance revenue declined 2% despite a 24% decrease in issuance. Non-U.S. infrastructure finance activity was offset by lower U.S. public finance and EMEA sub-sovereign issuance as financing needs were largely addressed in prior quarters. The MIS adjusted operating margin expanded over 500 basis points to 53.6%. Robust business performance resulted in higher incentive compensation, which impacted the margin by approximately 200 basis points in the fourth quarter. Moving to MA. Fourth quarter revenue grew 20% or 7% on an organic constant currency basis. RD&A revenue increased 12% as we benefited from high demand for KYC and compliance solutions as well as credit research and data feeds. Revenue was further supported by record retention rates of 96%, level with the prior year period. ERS revenue was up 42% fueled by the acquisition of RMS with recurring revenue comprising 89% of total revenue, up from 81%. For full year 2021, U.S. organic constant currency recurring revenue grew by 9% as we executed on our strategic shift away from onetime sales. MA's adjusted operating margin of 14.9% reflected the impact of recent acquisitions, higher incentive compensation and the intentional pull forward and acceleration of select organic product investments into the fourth quarter. Excluding these 3 items, MA's adjusted operating margin expanded by over 100 basis points. The increased investment in high-growth markets and product development directly supports our expectation for organic recurring revenue growth in the low double-digit percent range in 2022. This slide provides further insight into our operating expenses for both full year 2021 and our outlook for 2022 as we balance cost efficiencies with investments to accelerate future growth. For full year 2021, operating expenses rose 13%. Of this, 7 percentage points were attributable to operational and transaction-related costs associated with acquisitions during the year. Organic strategic investments related to product innovation and technology initiatives contributed another 5 percentage points. In addition, we invested in our employees.  Operating growth, which is primarily comprised of hiring, annual wage increases and other retention-oriented spending as well as higher incentive compensation accruals contributed to an aggregate 6 percentage point increase. This cost was directly offset through a combination of ongoing cost efficiency programs and lower severance and restructuring-related charges.  For full year 2022 we forecast expenses to increase in the low double-digit percent range, mostly attributable to acquisitions completed within the last 12 months. We expected incremental spending on organic strategic investments and operating growth, primarily related to merit and promotional increases as well as talent acquisition and retention, will be balanced through savings from lower incentive compensation accruals and ongoing expense discipline and efficiency initiatives. 2021 provided a unique opportunity to accelerate our investments in high-growth markets, including KYC, CRE, banking, ESG, emerging markets as well as technology enablement. We ultimately invested approximately $150 million to enhance our capabilities and capture new opportunities for revenue expansion across the business. We expect to sustain this level of investment in 2022 as we execute on our long-term integrated risk assessment strategy. Finally, we also plan to invest over $50 million in 2022 on our most important asset, our people. Our employees connect deeply to our mission to provide trusted insights and standards that help decision-makers act with confidence. And we want to attract and retain the best talent in order to achieve our growth ambitions. Turning now to our corporate guidance for 2022. Moody's outlook for the year is based on assumptions regarding many geopolitical conditions, macroeconomic and capital market factors. These include, but are not limited to, the effects of interest rates, inflation, foreign currency exchange rates, capital markets liquidity and activity in different sectors of the debt market as well as the impact of COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent responses by governments, regulators, businesses and individuals. The outlook also reflects assumptions regarding general economic conditions, the company's own operations and personnel as well as additional items detailed in the earnings release. Our full year 2022 guidance incorporates the following specific macro assumptions. 2022 U.S. and Euro area GDP will each expand by approximately 3.5% to 4.5%, and global benchmark interest rates will gradually rise with the U.S. high-yield spreads moving slightly above the historical average of approximately 500 basis points. By year-end, the U.S. unemployment rate will decline to about 3.5% and the global high-yield default rate will gradually decrease before gradually rising to approximately 2.4%. Global inflation is projected to decline over the course of 2022 yet remain above Central Bank targets in several countries. Our guidance also assumes foreign currency translation. Specifically, our forecast for 2022 reflects U.S. exchange rates for the British pound of $1.35 and $1.14 for the euro. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty, and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. In 2022, we expect Moody's revenue to increase in the high single-digit percent range in operating expenses, including the full year impact of acquisitions to grow in the low double-digit percent range. Moody's adjusted operating margin is forecast to be in the range of 49% to 50%. We estimate net interest expense to be between $200 million and $220 million and the full year 2022 effective tax rate to be between 20.5% and 22.5%. Diluted EPS and adjusted diluted EPS are projected to be in the range of $11.50 to $12 and $12.40 to $12.90, respectively. Free cash flow is forecast to be between $2.3 billion and $2.5 billion, and we plan to return at least $1.5 billion to stockholders through share repurchases, subject to available cash, market conditions M&A opportunities and other ongoing capital allocation decisions. Included within this outlook is our intention to execute a $500 million accelerated share repurchase program in the first half of the year. For a full list of our guidance, please refer to Table 12 of our earnings release. Turning now to our issuance outlook. We expect total MIS-rated issuance to decrease in the low single-digit percent range compared to record activity in the prior year. However, 2022 activity is anticipated to remain well above the prior 5-year historical average of $5.1 trillion, inclusive of record issuance in 2021. We project that investment-grade activity will increase by approximately 15% following the sharp contraction in 2021. While funding conditions for leveraged loans and high-yield bonds will remain supportive, we estimate that issuance will decline by approximately 10% and 15%, respectively. This is due to strong prior year comparables and an expected decrease in opportunistic activity, particularly in high yield as global benchmark rates rise. We forecast a 5% increase in public project and infrastructure finance activity and that financial institution issuance will be approximately flat. After a year of robust structured finance activity, issuance is expected to decline by approximately 5%. For 2022, we estimate 900 to 1,000 first-time mandates, which will contribute to both transaction revenue and future recurring revenue growth. We expect MIS' full year revenue to increase in the low single-digit percent range, reflecting both our strong new mandate estimate and recurring revenue base, which will offset a moderation in issuance. We forecast MIS' adjusted operating margin to be approximately 62%, in line with the prior full year result. This is an improvement of more than 400 basis points since 2020 due to operational efficiency and expense discipline. Turning to MA. We anticipate revenue will increase in the high teens percent range, building on strong 10% growth in organic constant currency recurring revenue in 2021. This reflects our ongoing focus on expanding our subscription-based products and is further supported by approximately 10 percentage points attributable to previously announced acquisitions. We forecast MA's adjusted operating margin to be approximately 29%, inclusive of 150 to 200 basis point headwind from recent acquisitions and foreign exchange movements. As Rob mentioned earlier, in response to investor feedback, we are replacing our existing long-term targets with new medium-term guidance. This demonstrates our commitment to delivering multiyear value to our stakeholders as well as our confidence in capitalizing on the growth opportunities available to us while maintaining an attractive margin profile over the next 5 years. For MIS, we project revenue to increase in the low to mid-single-digit percent range, coupled with an adjusted operating margin in the low 60% range. as we continue to invest in meeting our customers' needs in emerging markets and evolving areas of risk, including ESG. For MA, we are targeting revenue in the low to mid-teens percent range and an adjusted operating margin in the mid-30% range within 5 years. We expect this increase to be driven by organic investments in our products, solutions and distribution capabilities as well as operating leverage from expanding recurring revenue. As such, over the coming 5 years, we project Moody's revenue to grow by at least 10% on an average annualized basis and adjusted operating margin to stabilize in the low 50s percent range. We also anticipate that adjusted diluted EPS will increase in the low double-digit percent range. Before turning the call back over to Rob, I would like to highlight a few key takeaways. First, in 2021, Moody's delivered over $6 billion in revenue and an adjusted diluted EPS growth rate above 20% as our customer-centric approach continue to address their evolving needs. Second, following a record year of issuance in 2021, we expect activity to remain robust this year.  Third, MA's high recurring revenue growth and retention rates will continue to support strong financial results. Fourth, our strategic investments in high-growth markets will strengthen our financial performance in 2022. And finally, the introduction of medium-term targets reflects our conviction in the momentum of our business as well as our commitment to capitalize on multiple opportunities for growth. And with that, let me turn the call back over to Rob.
Robert Fauber: Thanks, Mark. And before we take questions, I again just want to recognize the efforts of all of our people at Moody's. Our entire organization remains focused on putting our customers at the center of everything that we do. And in 2022 and beyond, we're going to continue to invest and to execute to provide our customers the solutions they want and need to manage a wider range of interconnected risk, and that will reinforce our medium-term growth opportunity. So thanks for listening to our prepared remarks. Before we go to Q&A, I've been asked to give a brief public service announcement about our Investor Day. We're going to be sharing some videos that spotlight various parts of Moody's leading up to the event. So stay tuned for that, and we look forward to seeing everybody on March 10.  So that concludes our prepared remarks, and Mark and I would be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go ahead and take our first question from Kevin McVeigh with Credit Suisse.
Kevin McVeigh: Can you hear me now? Sorry about that. A lot to unpack here, but I didn't want to let the kind of 1-year anniversary of your tenure go by without maybe giving us a little puts and takes over the last year because obviously, you've really moved the organization forward in all different types of environments. So just love to get your recap on kind of first year in office, if you would.
Robert Fauber: Yes, Kevin, thanks. That’s a great way to actually, I think, kind of kick off the call. And when I took over as CEO a little over a year ago, we had a business that was in great shape, and it was really poised for the next chapter of growth. And I was thinking back -- actually before I got on this call, I was thinking back to it a year ago, and I talked about 3 strategic priorities at the time that I thought would really help us reinforce and accelerate growth. And that's probably a word you'll get to hear a lot on the call today. And we've really been active executing on that over the last kind of 12 to 14 months. And the first of those is deepening our understanding of our customers, and the reason that's so important is that our customers' needs around risk are evolving very rapidly. I mean the pandemic accelerated that. So risks are more complex. They're more interrelated. There's a wider range of risks that organizations are grappling with. We've talked about that. But better understanding these needs allows us to produce new offerings that our customers value and that then translates into more revenue per customer and adding new customers in new market segments. The second is investing with intent to grow and scale. And in 2021, we made a number of moves to enhance our offerings and our competitive position in key markets. That included insurance and climate and KYC and commercial real estate. And really, the goal here, Kevin, is to have more comprehensive offerings, again, to be able to deepen customer penetration and to add new customers that allow us to grow faster. The third area that I talked about as a focus area was collaborating, modernizing and innovating. And we're working together across the company to provide our customers with this more integrated and holistic view of risk. And that means enhancing the workflow platforms for our customers and connecting them in ways that add real value, but also bearing down on technology enablement across the firm to help our own people become more efficient and to be able to leverage tools from across the firm. So Kevin, maybe just if you would allow me just, kind of looking out now into the year ahead, I think the strategy and the road map are set. We've been very clear about that for the last year. We're now focused on activating our people and accelerating our growth. And this year, I think you're going to see us focus on a few key things that are going to contribute to delivering long-term shareholder value: exceeding our customers' expectations by better understanding their sense of value and delivering a better experience; realizing the benefits of investments, especially over the last 12 months because they've been substantial to drive industry-leading growth; building out what we call internally our risk operating system so that we can deliver differentiated integrated solutions; and then finally, making Moody's a place that people want to come and stay. And I think as we do that, we're going to be able to really deliver for our stakeholders, our employees, our customers, our investors and our communities.
Kevin McVeigh: That's super, super helpful. And then just real quick, Mark. On the buyback, it looks like you're going to be about 2x what you were in '21. Any thoughts as to what drove that decision? Is that just capital allocation within the context of potential M&A? And just it's obviously -- you've got the cash flow and the enterprise ability to do it, but just any thoughts around that because it just really, really underscores the model.
Mark Kaye: No, Kevin. Absolutely. So maybe let me do a little bit of contextual answer, and then I'll address the specific question. So we remain very focused on prudent capital planning and allocation. As a management team, we first identify opportunities for organic and inorganic investments in high-growth markets, like we did in 2021 that really enrich the ecosystem of data, analytical solutions and insights that are required to serve our customers. And then after deploying those investment dollars, we seek to return capital to our stockholders through share repurchases and dividends.  And in 2022, we plan to return at least $2 billion, about 80% of our global free cash flow to our stockholders, subject to of course, available cash market conditions, et cetera. And that's going to include our expectation to repurchase at least $1.5 billion in shares including the execution of a $500 million ASR in the first half of the year as well as approximately $500 million in dividends through a quarterly dividend of $0.70 per share, which is a 13% increase from our prior quarterly dividend of 62%. And really, finally, I think the key point here is we do remain very committed as a team to anchoring our financial leverage around a BBB+ rating, which we believe provides an optimal balance between lowering the cost of capital and elevating our financial flexibility.
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Andrew Nicholas with William Blair.
Andrew Nicholas: I guess my first one would just be to hone in a bit more on issuance and the outlook for '22. You spoke a little bit about this in your prepared remarks, obviously. But could you spend some time just kind of talking about the biggest swing factors that could affect issuance this year and maybe how you think about the range of potential outcomes around the 2% issuance decline figure with those factors in mind?
Robert Fauber: Yes. Sure, Andrew, happy to do that. I talked a little bit in the prepared remarks about some ongoing tailwinds, and we've got a positive macroeconomic backdrop. We've got healthy M&A pipeline, continuing refinancing needs. But we also -- and we've talked about this a number of times on this call, we've got a tough comp. So as we talked about, for 2022, we're looking at issuance to decline in that low single-digit percent range. And let me talk a little bit about what goes into that and what may be some of the upside, downside. I think a real key to our outlook is around leveraged loans. And you could see that in our guidance is that, we expect leverage loans to be off something like 10% off of what was a really strong year last year. But I would note that there is an enormous amount of private equity money that's got to get put to work. And that's going to continue to drive leverage loan activity, and we have seen that in the month of January despite the fact that there has been some volatility, and that's impacted investment grade and high yield. Leveraged loans have continued a very robust pace. So that for us is really something to watch when you look at the outlook. And then if -- depending on what goes on with leveraged loans, we would expect that to spill over to CLOs, certainly, like we saw last year. And then obviously, a big wildcard, I know we're all focused on is kind of the patient trajectory of interest rate hikes. And that -- we're going to have to see how that plays out. In terms of kind of the downside, maybe just to touch on a couple of things on our mind there. I think Omicron reminded us that COVID variants can still be a little bit of a wildcard to economic recovery and supply chain issues that are exacerbating inflation and then in turn, may have some impact on interest rates. And I think just in general, as Central Banks are starting a tightening cycle and starting to back away from all the monetary stimulus that has been in the economy over the last several years, I think there's just, again, kind of back to the pace and how the market expects that to unfold. It produces -- I think there's a chance for an unexpected surprise, right, any time that you've got something like this going on. And if there's an unexpected surprise, we're going to see bouts of volatility. We've seen a little bit of that already. There wasn't much volatility in the last 2 years. It was just kind of full on. So if we do see that, that may provide a little bit of downside.
Andrew Nicholas: Great. That's really helpful, particularly on leveraged loans. I guess for my follow-up, I was just hoping you could provide an update on the ratings business in China, expectations for when that could be material. And I guess within that, how much growth in that business or in that market are you embedding in the low to mid-single-digit growth expectation for MIS over the next 5 years?
Robert Fauber: Yes, Andrew, maybe let me just talk a little bit more broadly about how we're addressing the broader Chinese credit market because I think that's how we're thinking -- really thinking about it. And the first way we're doing that is serving international investors who are investing in bonds that are issued by Chinese companies in the cross-border market. And there, we have a very strong position through MIS, and we expect that position to continue. The second is international investors who are investing in local currency bonds issued by Chinese companies in the domestic bond market. And we recently launched something called China CreditView. I talked about it, I think, in the last earnings call, that covers about 1,000 Chinese companies with ratings and model-derived ratings, financial statements, financial statement scores. And we've been really pleased with the early reception to that product. We've got almost 100 active prospects from our core international investor customer base. And they really like the access to the broad coverage and the global scale ratings. The third are domestic Chinese investors who are investing in the local currency domestic bond market. And here, we address that, as you're probably aware, through CCXI and despite some challenges last year, they continue to be the market leader. Just to kind of put it in perspective for you, last year, they completed several thousand ratings, including both fundamental and structured finance. So the scale of that business is quite significant. So all of this is factored into both, our outlook for both MIS but also as well as MA.
Operator: And we're going to turn to our next question from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan: I wanted to ask about the new medium term or 5-year guidance. You're looking for revenue of low to mid-teens in MA despite having RMS, which historically was lower growth. I know you're expecting a lot of synergies there. But just talk about sort of what has to go right versus what are the biggest risks to the medium-term guidance in MA.
Mark Kaye: Toni, good afternoon. The MA medium-term revenue outlook that we're providing this morning of low to mid-teens percentage growth really does reflect our confidence in significant opportunity we have given customers demand for our integrated risk assessment products and solutions. We believe there are multiple pods to achieving this target, at least one of which is through continued investment in organic product development and sales distribution capacity. And it's through these organic investments, along with projected growth in our recurring revenue base that we expect total MA organic revenue to grow at the higher end of the low teens percentage range, for example, to at least $4 billion by year-end 2025. Naturally, any incremental bolt-on M&A that accelerates or advances our capabilities and product offerings and which is hypothetically similar in size and scope to how historically completed acquisitions could elevate us to the mid-teens percentage revenue growth. And putting that in context, we also recognize that strategic success is not only about revenue growth, but also about concurrently expanding the margin. And so we are reaffirming in the outlook that we issued today the medium term, mid-30s MA adjusted operating margin as subscription-based products provide more operating leverage and as recurring revenue comprises an increasing proportion of MA's total revenue over the medium term.
Toni Kaplan: That's great. I wanted to also ask about ESG. Last quarter, you talked about revenue for this year all-in being sort of like $26 million to $30 million. I just wanted to get an update on where that ended up. And is 20% the right growth rate to be thinking of going forward for ESG? Or should it be higher than that? And where are the fastest-growing areas that we should be thinking of for ESG growth?
Robert Fauber: Yes. Toni, this is Rob. I'll probably start by just giving you some idea of kind of where we're focused this year around ESG, and then I think Mark can give you the specifics to your question. But as we look out this year, I think our goal is really to build and scale the relevance of our ESG offerings. And that's really important. And we hear from both companies and investors that that they want us to play a meaningful role in the ESG space because they like our transparency and comparability and they trust our methodologies and our analytics and our data. There are some keys to that. And I think you're going to see us building out coverage across the rating agency. ESG and climate are increasingly important considerations to credit, we all know that, but also sustainable finance is becoming a core part of many issuers’ funding program. So at the end of last year, we had almost 2,000 credit impact scores, ESG credit impact scores which speak to the impact of E, S and G on an issuer's credit profile. And these scores have got a -- they've got a transparent methodology, but also there's engagement with the issuers and our analysts. And we're going to be expanding our coverage by thousands more over the course of this year, and that's going to give us ESG credit impact scores across a much broader part of the MIS-rated portfolio that benefit from the engagement with our analysts. We're going to be expanding to help meet the sustainable finance needs of our issuers, and you're going to see that in probably around the middle of this year where we start to expand our coverage of our second-party opinions on sustainable issuance. And then I think in the second half of the year, you're also going to see us start to build out things like our net zero and sustainability rating offering. So that's on top of the ESG measures that cover thousands and thousands of companies with public information, but also our ESG score predictor that covers over 140 million companies that supports things like sustainable sourcing and now your counterparty needs. So that's really the focus for us this year. And how that's going to translate into revenue, Mark, you might want to talk about that?
Mark Kaye: Absolutely. So in 2021, our actual ESG revenue was approximately $29 million, and that reflected $22 million in stand-alone ESG revenue related to our Climate Solutions Sustainable Finance in ESG research signified products. As well as an additional 7 million from integrating how ESG-related solutions into MIS and MA products that Rob spoke about. So it's a 36% year-over-year growth. For 2022, we are expecting to further increase our direct and attributable ESG-related revenue by another approximately 35% to $40 million. And the drivers for our estimated 2020 ESG financial performance are going to include increased demand for those climate solutions and the need to include and integrate those ESG factors into the credit analysis and investment decisions. Just as a reminder, we do have a significant amount of climate-related revenue within RMS, which we are considering reporting perhaps later this year, together with our direct and attributable ESG-related revenue to give you a holistic picture.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm: I wanted to ask another one on the medium-term guidance. And sorry if this is specific and you may have answered this already, but I may have not heard it correctly. But on the medium-term top line guide, the 10% plus and also the MA guide low to mid-teens. I think in your question just now, you referred to the recurring organic growth rate, but is that guidance actually 100% organic including recurring and nonrecurring? Or can -- does this actually potentially include some M&A? I wasn't 100% clear.
Mark Kaye: Sure, Alex. I'll try to be as clear as I can. So the MIS and -- sorry, the MCO medium-term target, which really includes the combined MA and MIS medium-term revenue guidance of at least an average annual 10% revenue CAGR, we see a path to achieving that organically. If I look at MA specifically, we expect the organic revenue to grow at the higher end of the low teens percentage range and that any bolt-on M&A over and above that, that accelerates our capabilities will move us into that mid-teens percentage range. Rob, you want to spend a couple of minutes on MIS and how we're thinking about that as a medium term?
Robert Fauber: That's probably that's its own topic. I don't -- Alex, I'm happy to cover that if you'd like, but let me just pause there.
Alex Kramm: I mean sure, if you want to answer. I have another question, but go ahead.
Robert Fauber: All right. Well, I guess the other leg of this, right, is the MIS kind of a medium-term outlook. And I guess, let me just kind of share with you how we thought about it. So for starters, I think we all understand we're at the tail end of a period of ultra-low interest rates. We've just finished 2 years of enormous issuance and we're entering a tightening cycle. And I think that would imply some natural headwind versus issuance over the last several years, and you can see that in this year's guide for MIS. So we've put out a range for MIS revenue growth. And consistent with this year's guide, we expect to be at the lower end of that range in the short term. And as rates and growth expectations normalize, we'd expect to see a pickup in MIS revenue growth towards the higher end of that range such that, on average, over the 5 years, we're at low mid-single digits. And I'm happy to -- or anybody else on the call, I'm happy to build on that and what went into that outlook, but let me just pause there and see if we can get to your next question.
Alex Kramm: This next one probably dovetails and again, I may be scrutinizing here a lot in this medium-term outlook, but you obviously used to have a long-term outlook that, I guess, you're no longer going to have and it called for, I think, low teens EPS growth. So medium term, low double digits. I guess, again, I'm just scrutinizing here a little bit because it's almost the same, but isn't this essentially a little bit of a lower growth outlook? And is that related to what you just talked about on the ratings side? So just wanted to confirm how we should be comparing your long term with your medium-term guidance that you just laid out.
Mark Kaye: Alex, we expect to grow adjusted diluted EPS in the low double digit percent range over the medium term by balancing organic and to the extent inorganic investments with the return of capital to stockholders. The difference between our new medium-term adjusted EPS target and the prior long-term EPS guidance is primarily driven by the expectation for incremental organic strategic investment and reduced capital leverage from share repurchases based on the assumption that Moody's share price continues to increase as well as lower discrete tax benefits on a percentage basis as adjusted net income itself grows.
Operator: We'll move on to our next question from Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets.
Ashish Sabadra: So Rob, I'll just follow up to the question that you just answered, and I was wondering if you could actually provide more detail around what is baked into your issuance assumption because I would have expected issuance on a more normalized basis growing more in the low to mid-single digit, plus you have pricing power, recurring revenue growth and getting more to high to -- mid- to high single digit over the next few years versus mid-single digit over the midterm. So any color on that front will be helpful on the issuance front.
Robert Fauber: You bet, Ashish. You've got the algorithm. So let me just talk about the factors as we develop that range. And you're right, we always talk about issuance activity being highly correlated to GDP growth over the medium to long term. But it's interesting, if you just step back and look at the last couple of years, in 2020, we had economic contraction, and we had enormous issuance. So that relationship hasn't necessarily held. And this year, obviously, as we look forward, we've got economic growth, but our outlook for issuance is to be slightly down. And what I think we've got going on is that there is a digestion and normalization period that's going on here. As we come out of the pandemic and this unprecedented amounts of monetary and fiscal stimulus that have driven all of this issuance, and we've had this kind of rapid economic cycles. But on average, we expect that relationship to hold. So again, I think there's this normalization and digestion period here. But you're exactly right. The other thing that we're looking at growth in the maturity walls given all of the debt that's been issued over the last several years, and that provides some support or kind of what I think of as like ballast for our transaction-based revenues. On the last earnings call, I think we talked about the forward 4-year refunding needs have increased something like 9% to $4 trillion for U.S. and European issuers. There's just a lot of debt out there that's got to get refinance, and it was something like 19% for U.S. leveraged loan maturities. So there was some pull forward, further pull forward in the fourth quarter, but I don't think it was outside of historical ranges. So these maturity walls still imply some good support for future issuance. We've got pretty good visibility and confidence around recurring revenues, especially with all the first time issuers that have come into the market. I think the recent strength of the leveraged loan market provides support for a view that disintermediation is still alive and well. And then, Ashish, you noted the opportunity for us to kind of support and enhance the value we deliver to our customers, things like sustainable finance that I touched on are places where we're going to be able to expand our offerings and support our value proposition and, in turn, support our pricing.  So the way I think about it, Ashish is near term, we've got some digestion and normalization, but the structural drivers to support MIS revenue growth, I mean, they're intact over the medium term. And so I would expect growth to start to kind of pick up through the medium-term horizon from that low single digit to more like that mid-single-digit.
Ashish Sabadra: That's very helpful color, Rob. And Mark, maybe if I can ask a question on the multiyear investment, thanks again for that slide with the detail there. But as we think about in '22, we're going to have a total of $300 million of organic investment. How should we think about that going forward in '23 and over the midterm? Should that come down as we go back -- go from an elevated organic investment to a more normalized investment cycle? And is that the key driver for significant margin expansion on the MA side?
Mark Kaye: Sure. In 2022, we are expecting to increase our spending on organic strategic investments to be approximately $150 million, and that's really aimed at capturing the incremental opportunities we are seeing in the market. And that implies that our planned spend over the 2-year period is approximately $300 million. These anticipated investments are really going to be focused on increasing our sales force and go-to-market activities. It's going to be a continuation of our 2021 strategic investment road maps in the high-priority markets, specifically KYC, CRE, banking, ESG and climate, et cetera, as well as some of the technology enablement and product development that we're focused on. I also want to just mention that in addition to this $150 million, we are expecting expenses to increase by at least $15 million as we also continue investing in our employees. And again, our employees connect deeply to our mission as a company, and we want to make sure that we attract and retain the best talent in order to achieve our growth aspirations. As I think forward to the MA margin over the medium term, these investments to the extent that they continue to be productive and favorable will continue forward, and they will be allocated in the way that we think about the highest and best use of capital and prioritization so that we both achieve revenue growth and ongoing margin expansion, not just in 2022, but over the medium term.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets.
Jeff Silber: I'm sorry to go back to your medium-term guidance, but I just wanted to clarify something. Can you talk broader about the capital allocation priorities that are built into this in terms of not only internal investment, but just as importantly, shareholder returns?
Mark Kaye: Absolutely. Capital allocation priorities over the medium term will follow the comments I provided earlier on the call, meaning principally focused on organic and inorganic investments back into the business. We have not assumed any incremental inorganic investments other than those we have publicly announced to the market through and as of today's date. However, to the extent in the upcoming periods, we do have inorganic investments that continue to bring invaluable talent and additional products and solutions into our umbrella that will serve to enhance and accelerate the achievement of those medium-term targets within that 5-year window.
Jeff Silber: And I'm sorry, I was specifically focused on return of capital to shareholders. You talked about an 80% return of free cash flow this year. Is that something that we can kind of build in going forward?
Mark Kaye: I think the way that you could think about return of capital to shareholders either through share repurchases or dividends is that we will execute that post any internal organic or -- sorry, in either internal organic or inorganic acquisition-related activity. We are focused around a BBB+ rating level, and that's because we believe that provides the best balance between return of capital to shareholders and our cost of capital. We are not focused on a return of or percentage return of free cash flow over the medium-term period.
Jeff Silber: Okay. Great. And if I could just follow up with one quick one. Actually, this is looking backwards at the fourth quarter. If I specifically focus on margins within MA, I think you talked about on an annual basis what the impact was in terms of some of the investments. What was the impact on the fourth quarter? What would margins have been without some of the investments you made?
Mark Kaye: Yes. So maybe compared to our implied fourth quarter margin from the last earnings call, we did accrue for a couple of things. One is higher incentive compensation and commissions of about 300 basis points. We also had additional costs related to acquisitions that we announced, and that's about 200 basis points. And then specific to your question, we pulled forward select investments from 2022 into the fourth quarter of 2021, and that's worth around 400 basis points.
Jeff Silber: And that's all in MA?
Mark Kaye: Primarily in MA, correct.
Operator: We'll move on to our next question from Andrew Steinerman with JPMorgan.
Andrew Steinerman: I just wanted to ask one more question about the underlying assumptions with the MIS medium-term revenue growth target of low single to mid-single-digit revenue growth. So just bear with me for a second. So we looked back at the correlation between MIS' revenue growth and issuance growth, 2017 to 2021. On average -- just take my number. On average, MIS revenue growth outperformed issuance by 5.6%. And so my question is when you think about that 5-year outlook, do you feel like the amount of outperformance that MIS will grow faster than issuance might be less over the next 5 years than it was in the past number of years? And as you can understand my underlying assumption is if that's -- what's your kind of underlying issuance outlook to make for that MIS revenue outlook.
Robert Fauber: Yes. Maybe we'll tag team the answer here. Part of it when you think about revenue outperformance of issuance, a number of things go into that, right? One of those is what we talk about, mix. And I think broadly, we have assumed a generally consistent mix with what we've seen over the last several years. That mix has generally been favorable. But then a number of other things go into that, that allow us to typically kind of exceed issuance growth. Remember, I don't know, 1/3 to 40% of the business is recurring, and that continues to grow. Then we've got pricing. We've got new issuers through disintermediation, so those are the kind of building blocks.
Mark Kaye: And Rob, maybe I'd only add to that, at least in the near term, within this 5-year period, you could think about elevated cash balances and leverage may constrain some of that more opportunistic issuance in the near term. And that will more normalize over time to Rob's point earlier, around digestion and normalization.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Rob, maybe we start with the RMS acquisition you guys closed on in September. Talk about the -- what I think is a big opportunity long term as you guys move that business and branch away from just serving the insurance market there and talk about the upside there long-term, please, for starters.
Robert Fauber: Craig, sorry, I had it on mute. We share the same view, as part of the attraction is that the we see 2 opportunities here, building out a great comprehensive, more comprehensive insurance business, but also taking these kind of weather and climate and disaster capabilities to a broader -- our broader customer base. So to give you a sense of that, it's interesting, when we go out and talk to banks and asset managers, some of them are out actually -- trying to hire folks with climate expertise, and it's difficult. These are scarce resources and that's one thing that attracted us to RMS is it's got world-class expertise at scale. And that is just really difficult to get. But what we hear from when we go out beyond insurance customers, we hear, how is climate risk going to affect my portfolio? And how material are the effects? That's part of what we're hearing. And so we see opportunities around commercial real estate to be able to integrate that into the analytics, commercial mortgage-backed security analytics. We've had some interesting conversations with residential mortgage lenders who want to understand the degree of, for instance, uninsured flood risk beyond what's covered by FEMA. We've got banks who are having to do climate stress testing and need to have more sophisticated tools around that. You've got governments who are now needing to try to understand the vulnerability of their communities to climate change and then start to think about the kinds of risk mitigation investments that they're going to make. And I think with the infrastructure bill, some of that, we're going to see investments in building climate resilience, but you need the data and the tools to be able to assess, are these worthwhile investments and what impact are they going to have on mitigating the financial loss relating to climate change. So Craig, we're now in the process. We sat down with our teams. We've looked at what we think are the most interesting opportunities around this and are starting to work to develop products and also going on and talking with our customers beyond insurance to understand what do you want and how can we provide it?
Mark Kaye: And Craig, if I were to put just a few numbers around that related to RMS, for 2022, particular, we are expecting revenue growth in the mid-single-digit percent range. And that would be in line with our transaction model, inclusive of some of the emerging synergies that Rob spoke about. And then on a full year basis from 2022 to 2023 excluding any impact of the 2022 deferred revenue haircut, we expect RMS revenue to grow in the high single-digit percent range.
Craig Huber: That's helpful. And I also want to ask you guys, the medium-term guidance -- sorry to go back to this again, I think most people would be very you guys could put up at least 10% revenue growth here. You're talking about margins in the low 50s here, you're basically there right now. Is it just being conservative on the margin when you guys talk about the margins that you really have to grow cost that much -- the margins aren't going to move up over the medium term here? And then also, Mark, my housekeeping question I want to ask, incentive comp in the quarter, what was that? And also transaction costs, you talked about in the press release, but it wasn't quantified. Was that material?
Mark Kaye: Craig, sure. Let me start with your -- the first question. So we're not looking necessarily to provide more specific time lines for achieving our guidance within the next 5 years for each of the medium-term metrics that we provided this morning. However, some targets will likely be achieved intuitively earlier than others. For example, the outlook for the 2022 MIS adjusted operating margin is 62% and is within our medium-term guidance range. So there, you could think about our primary objective is really to maintain or modestly expand MIS' adjusted operating margin within that low 60s range while preferring to reinvest to drive growth, add value and scale over time. Similarly, as the relative proportion or size of the MA business grows relative to MIS, you'll begin to see that influence the timing of the emergence of the MCO margin into that low 50s percent range. On your other question, in terms of incentive compensation for the quarter, that was $117 million. And for 2022, we expect incentive compensation to be approximately $75 million per quarter or around $300 million for the full year. And just to note there, RMS would contribute roughly $7 million per quarter of that number. And then I think your final question was on deal or transaction-related expenses, for the full year 2021, we had around a $0.16 cost or around $40 million from M&A transaction and deal-related expenses, and that would include the cost of the RMS purchase price hedge loss.
Craig Huber: What was that number in the fourth quarter, Mark?
Mark Kaye: The full year was [indiscernible] million. Fourth quarter specifically was $5 million for M&A deal and transaction costs. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: Could you please talk about your investments in the SaaS solutions to banking customers? Are you going to provide more like the software solutions or you're migrating your like existing data solutions to the cloud or changing your contracts to be more recurring? Any more color would be helpful on the SaaS front.
Robert Fauber: Owen, it's Rob. So one of the things that we're doing is we're in the process of converting some of our customers from kind of legacy on-prem solutions that we provide to them to our new SaaS-based solutions. And so we talked a little bit about what's going on there in terms of that conversion. But that does a couple of things for us. One, it -- these SaaS solutions give us an opportunity to get a little more revenue uplift, but it also helps with our penetration and our ability to integrate our offerings. So if you kind of think about what we've got across kind of the banking and ERS, we're building out an ecosystem that helps support banks around origination, risk, finance and planning. And so rather than kind of a collection of kind of legacy on-prem, what we're trying to do is build out a connected SaaS-based ecosystem that's going to allow us to connect this better and to be able to help our customers kind of work across their departments, and that's what we hear from them all the time. So that's really what's behind that strategy.
Owen Lau: Got it. And then another housekeeping question, I want to go back to the MA margin in 2022, 29%, up from 26% in 2021. Could you please help us think about the trajectory of these margin expansion in each quarter? Should we expect a gradual expansion each quarter and you can potentially exit 2022 with over 29% margin? Or do you expect the margin to be like stable at around 29% each quarter in 2022?
Mark Kaye: When I think about 2022, the MA adjusted operating margin guidance that we announced today of 29%, that includes 150 to 200 basis points of margin compression from recent acquisitions and movements in foreign exchange rates. And in addition to our multiyear initiatives in high-growth markets, we are targeting investments to bolster our best-in-class sales force and to focus on cross-selling opportunities across multiple product lines. For 2021, as I think about sort of run rate here, and I think here's the key point that you're driving at, our full year guidance anticipates in the first quarter of 2022, expenses to be about $120 million to $140 million lower than the fourth quarter. And that's primarily due to the reset of our incentive compensation accruals as well as lower levels of organic investments given, we accelerated some of that investment spending into that fourth quarter. And if I think about now just within 2022, annual merit increases, I would say, as well as talent acquisition and ongoing organic investments, they'll contribute to an expense ramp during the year of somewhere between $80 million to $100 million. So if you -- Q1 2022, it's $120 million to $140 million lower than Q4, which, of course, will support margin and then think about during the year is $80 million to $100 million -- $80 million to $100 million of expense ramp.
Operator: We'll go ahead and move on to our next question from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Mark, I guess I was hoping you could just expand on that kind of seasonality topic and just talk about some of the other moving pieces in the first quarter and as we move to the rest of the year because I guess we just don't want to get carreed away putting the full year guidance into 1Q run rate here.
Mark Kaye: We considered historical issuance seasonality patterns as we developed our 2022 forecast. For MIS, we anticipate that transaction revenue will be stronger in the first half vis-a-vis the second half of the year as issuers take advantage of favorable market conditions and secure funding ahead of potential headwinds from interest rate and inflation uncertainties. And this is similar to the market dynamics that existed in 2020 and 2021 where 59% and I think 56% of total full year issuance was completed in the first half, respectively. For MA, revenue is highly recurring, and it's expected to progressively year, and that's comparable to the actual 2020 and 2021 results, which had just under 50% of total full year revenue reported in the first half. In thinking about expenses, to my comments a moment ago, we expect an increase in spending from the first quarter to the fourth quarter in the range of $80 million to $100 million and as I mentioned a moment ago, driven in part by the timing of annual merit and promotion increases as well as ongoing organic investment activity. And then I would like to probably end here with we are expecting the full year 2020 strategic investment spending of $150 million will be more weighted towards the second half of the year.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. All right. And Rob, maybe if I can just ask in M&A pipeline, outlook, appetite, just your thoughts here, is RMS just a lot to digest before you do anything more significant?
Robert Fauber: Manav, we had a pretty busy 12 months. We are very focused, as I said, on realizing the benefit of those investments. And we're excited about the opportunity with RMS that there's a lot of work to do, and we need to make sure we're executing on that. I would also note, Manav, we bought 3 small businesses in the KYC space just in the fourth quarter. And that was part of this investment that was going on in the fourth quarter and accelerating the integration, so we could accelerate our speed to market with this workflow solution from a company called PassFort.  So I guess what I would say, Manav, is we're feeling pretty good because we have invested a lot in building out our capabilities in some areas that we think are very important. You know that we're always out there. We have a great corporate development team. But we feel like we've really enhanced our capabilities. We've added our customers added customers in new areas, and we're really focused on executing this year to realize the benefit of that.
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Shlomo Rosenbaum from Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Rob, maybe you could talk a little bit about -- I'm going to go back to the medium-term guidance that seems to be the main topic of the call here. Just the top line growth is the expectation to get at least 10%. And it seems like that's really an organic growth number, it sounds like from the answer to all the various questions. That's definitely an improvement over what the company was pointing to historically in its trajectory. And maybe you could talk about like what's changed that gives you confidence that you'll be able to do that versus what you had done in the past or what you were driving towards in the past? Is it a matter of some of the acquisitions you've made and some of the products you've made, some of the sales force? Just maybe there's a little bit of a bridging you can do in order to kind of help us understand why the expectation is higher for organic growth at this point? And then I'll have a follow-up.
Robert Fauber: Yes. Thanks, Shlomo. So first of all, I just -- I think we see a path and have confidence that we can But as Mark said, there may also be some M&A along the way. But we feel good about it. And the reason why, I'd say 2 things. One, we're in markets that are growing. I mean if you look at the current addressable market that we talk about, a number of just the underlying markets are growing nicely, right? So I think of that as we live in an attractive neighborhood. And obviously, we, as a team and as a company, are trying to focus our investments on the most attractive parts of that broader addressable market. But second, we've been investing heavily. It's been a theme on this call, to build out the capabilities. And it's been through some of the acquisitions, where we think now we've got world-class capabilities around climate at scale. We have got a -- what we believe is a very strong platform for KYC and financial crime compliance. And it's no longer just our data, but now we have a workflow platform that we're integrating into. And that's really -- that's an important need for our customers in the market. We're investing in our commercial real estate business. We invested specifically in the fourth quarter to accelerate some of our product launches into -- that will give us some growth into 2022 and beyond. So I guess we feel good about the growth prospects of the markets we're serving, and we feel good about the capabilities that we have been building and acquiring and integrating to be able to capitalize on those growth opportunities.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. Great. And then just kind of piggybacking off of a question that Manav asked. Could you say that the busy 2021 M&A engagements that you had -- would you consider that kind of an anomaly or something that the company is positioned to, hey, we're positioned to repeat something like that, that might become more frequent. I mean, the comment you made it seems like you want to digest some of the big bites that you made. But I just wanted to ask you, do you feel like you're positioned differently than you were in the past in terms of doing a larger kind of M&A program kind of that would enhance the already improved organic revenue growth that you've laid out.
Robert Fauber: I guess I would say 2 things. One, we knew where we wanted to invest based on the strategy and the market opportunity and where we thought we have a real right to win in the market. And we have what we call internally these business blueprints that we use to figure out what do we need to do both from a organic investment standpoint but also from an acquisition standpoint. And so we felt like it was important to build out those capabilities to accelerate the build-out of those capabilities and the acquisition of those capabilities because we feel that speed to market in some of these markets that we serve is really important. You've heard me talk about that, KYC, that market is growing. And you see we're growing that, depending on the time period, mid-20s or more. What that means is you've got a lot of customers who are adopting new solutions and the retention rates are high. And so we want to be able to get those customers onto our platforms. I think the same is going to be true with climate. As we think about the need, as Craig asked about, isn't there a great opportunity beyond insurance? Yes, there is. But we've got to have the capabilities to be able to meet that need quickly. So I think there was an element of wanting to really enhance our speed to market. And it was an active year. There was a lot out there. We know that there were a lot of opportunities that were also out in the market. So I don't know if it's an anomaly. We don't have a quota. We have plans on how we want to drive growth, and we're going to continue to execute on these plans.
Operator: We’ll move onto our next question from George Tong with Goldman Sachs.
George Tong: Historically, pricing has contributed 3% to 4% to overall revenue growth. How do you expect pricing trends to evolve compared to historical levels given rising inflation? And what kind of increases are you seeing in labor costs especially in the more labor-intensive MIS segment?
Robert Fauber: George, it's Rob. So I think our view is that they probably have a consistent pricing opportunity. I guess you might be able to argue, well, isn't there more upside with inflation. I think we just have a long-term view on pricing in the rating agency and MA, I mean, all across the firm. We want to be prudent and thoughtful about price. Price is obviously important to our customers as well. So what it's really about -- and we get questions about this in the rating agency -- it's about making sure that we are reinforcing the value proposition that we deliver to our customers. And I think an important part of that for MIS going forward is going to be around sustainable finance. I mean we hear from our customers all the time. It's I've got a sustainable finance program, and I want Moody's to be able to help me with credit rating, my second-party opinion, various aspects of that. We're also integrating all that into our research for the investors and our issuers' fixed income issuance. So that's how we think about supporting that value proposition. And I think, again, we're taking a long-term view. In terms of labor costs, Mark touched on it. Look, we're investing in our people, and I'm sure you've heard this on a number of calls of companies that you cover, we're no different. We're investing to make sure that our compensation increases are competitive with the market, but also making sure that we are retaining the key talent that we need to drive the company forward. And you can imagine there are certain types of skills that are in high demand. We're very focused on making sure that we can attract and retain that kind of talent.
George Tong: Got it. That's helpful. You've made a lot of investments in MA in the KYC market recently. If you look forward, what areas do you want to focus on in the MA segment from an M&A perspective.
Robert Fauber: Across MA, so I guess -- so George, you're right, we have made several investments in KYC. It's a pretty fragmented market. We're building out our capabilities. We acquired some capabilities, and we're integrating those. There may be other opportunities. I mean, I think one thing that you hear from us as a management team is we're trying to invest in high-growth opportunities where we think we're well positioned to win in the market. KYC is one of those. So yes, we have made some investments, but I think you'll see us continue to make investments -- organic, it may be inorganic, if it's on our business blueprint. And so we've been pretty clear about where we want to continue to build scale across the business. Where we see very strong growth, it's KYC, it's insurance and banking, it's commercial real estate and then ESG and climate.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our last question from Christian Bolu with Autonomous Research.
Robert Fauber: Christian, this may be one of those, you're on-mute moments from the last 2 years of Zoom.
Christian Bolu : Not to beat a dead horse here. But on the 2022 outlook, if I look at sort of Slide 22, I see lower issuance. I see what should be a negative mix shift given high-yield and structured typically have better revenue yields, and those are going down, but you seem very confident in your revenue growth outlook for '22. Just curious, what's the delta? Is that way to think about what the delta is? If you have lower issuance and lower negative mix shift, what's the delta to revenue growth? Is it pricing? Is it new folks coming on board? I'll be curious how you think about that.
Mark Kaye: Christian, the outlook for 2022 includes both an expectation of a similar, though not as favorable infrequent issuer mix going into certainly the first half of the year. You could typically think about us as making slightly more on the high-yield and leveraged loans just on a per dollar basis, but equally important, leverage loans serve as a funnel for structured finance CLO creation, which provides further opportunities for the upside.
Robert Fauber: Yes. And Christian, we missed part of your question, but I think we get the question. And if you think about where we are from an issuance outlook perspective and then kind of where we get to from a revenue growth perspective, I'm going to go back to those building blocks. So let's start with somewhere between 1/3 to 40% depending on transaction revenue is recurring revenue. And that recurring revenue is growing, and that's supported by the north of 1,100 first-time issuers that came into the portfolio last year. Then we've got pricing -- and there is an element of mix. But if you kind of look at where we are from an issuance outlook to a revenue growth outlook, that's probably a little more modest spread actually than maybe in some prior years or in some prior periods. And that probably reflects a little bit of what you're talking about in terms of the mix?
Christian Bolu : Okay. Maybe switching gears to MA here. If I look at Slide 11 and 13, you guys tend to talk about the MA business in terms of the end markets, like what's driving growth from an end market perspective, but it's not the way you tend to disclose the data. So just curious, are there any plans here to maybe give us more data that helps understand end market growth, just to better understand sort of what's driving growth and a potentially better model sort of long term, how this business evolves?
Mark Kaye: Christian, I'll take this maybe from a slightly different perspective. So in addition to the medium-term targets that we announced today, in 2022, we intend to refresh the line of business reporting breakout for MA revenue to address some of the investor feedback that we've heard and the comments that you've just made around the need for greater insight into the business' performance. This is going to be a topic we'll plan to cover as part of Investor Day materials. But at a high level, the lines of business we're considering adopting for MA include data and information, research and insights and a decision solution subsegment.  And you could think about data and information as being comprised of the vast and unmatched data sets that we have on economies, companies, commercial properties and financial securities. You could think about research and insights as providing customers with market-leading modeling and risk scoring as well as expert insights and commentary. And then decision solutions then is combining those components from our data and information and research and insights lines of business for the purpose of integrating those capabilities through software and workflow solutions. So again, a topic we plan to cover at Investor Day once you finalize approach, but certainly something we're thinking about.
Robert Fauber: Yes. And Christian, one other thing to add, I think we'll be able to give you some insights into how we think about the growth in those underlying markets that we serve at Investor Day. So I think that's going to guarantee that you're going to be attending.
Christian Bolu : Yes, if I can throw my two cents in here. I appreciate that was you talked about disclosing it. It would also be helpful just to get consistent look at the end markets as well because that's how you talk about addressable markets, that's how you talk about growth. And it just feels like that's it's an easier way, at least for us to think about the business, what's KYC growing, what's the revenue today, how it's growing, et cetera. So just my two cents in terms of as you think about disclosures.
Robert Fauber: Yes. That's great feedback, Christian.
Operator: And with that, that does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn to Rob Fauber for additional or closing remarks.
Robert Fauber: Well, thank you, everybody, for joining today's call, and we look forward to speaking with you at Investor Day on March 10. And with that, I think, we'll bring the call to a close.
Operator: And this concludes Moody's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the Investor Resources section of the Moody's IR home page. Additionally, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 p.m. Eastern Time on Moody's IR website. Thank you.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 11:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Moody's Corporation Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shivani Kak: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss Moody's third quarter 2021 results and our revised outlook for full year 2021. I'm Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the third quarter of 2021 as well as our outlook for full year 2021. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Rob Fauber, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning will be Mark Kaye, Moody's Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures referenced during this call and U.S. GAAP. I call your attention to the safe harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the SEC's website. These, together with the safe harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I will now turn the call over to Rob Fauber.
Robert Fauber: Thanks, Shivani, and good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining today's call. I'm going to begin by providing a general update on the business, including Moody's third quarter 2021 financial results. And then following my commentary, Mark Kaye will provide further details on our third quarter 2021 performance as well as our revised 2021 outlook. And after our prepared remarks, as always, we'll be happy to take your questions. Moody's delivered robust financial results in the third quarter of 2021. Revenue of $1.5 billion grew 13% due to strong customer demand for our mission-critical products and insights. In both operating segments, revenue increased in the double-digit percent range. For MIS, attractive market conditions continue to drive opportunistic refinancing and M&A activity for leveraged loans and structured finance issuance. Meanwhile, MA experienced strong growth across our subscription-based products, which now comprise 93% of total MA revenue on a trailing 12-month basis. We remain focused on delivering our integrated risk assessment strategy through innovation and investment in high-growth markets, and I'll spotlight a few examples later in the call. As a result of our strong third quarter performance, we've revised our full year 2021 guidance and now forecast Moody's revenue to grow in the low teens percent range. Additionally, we've raised and narrowed our adjusted diluted EPS guidance to be in the range of $12.15 to $12.35, which, at the midpoint of $12.25, represents an approximate 21% annual growth rate. In the third quarter, MIS revenue was up 12% from the prior year and MA revenue was up 13%. Organic MA revenue increased 8%. Moody's adjusted operating income rose 2% to $737 million. During the third quarter, expense growth was higher than revenue as we invested significantly in our capabilities and product development in order to better serve a number of high-growth use cases. Adjusted diluted EPS was $2.69, flat to the prior year period, and Mark will provide some additional details on our financials shortly. Favorable market conditions led to the strongest third quarter in over a decade in terms of both MIS revenue and rated issuance. Leveraged loan issuance was very strong, supported by low default rates and robust private equity activity and investor appetite for floating rate debt amid higher inflation and rising interest rate expectations. As we anticipated in our prior guidance, investment-grade supply moderated given the tough prior year comparable. However, volumes were still substantial and remained above the 10-year historical average for MIS-rated debt. Additionally, after a muted 2020, structured finance issuance reverted back to levels seen in 2017 and '18. Ongoing favorable market conditions, including tight spreads, drove both CLO refinancing activity and new CLO creation as well as new CMBS and RMBS issuance. As you can see on the chart on the left, tight credit spreads combined with low default rates created an attractive environment for opportunistic refinancing and M&A activity in the third quarter. The U.S. default rate is forecast to fall below 2% by year-end. That's a significant reduction from a pandemic high of nearly 9%. And while the uses of proceeds were weighted towards refinancing earlier in the year, heightened M&A activity continued in the third quarter as issuers used acquisitions to support growth. We frequently comment on our views on long-term issuance drivers, which include GDP growth, ongoing disintermediation trends and upcoming refinancing needs. Based on our annual research published by Moody's Investors Service earlier this month, refunding walls over the next 4 years for U.S. and European issuers have increased 9% to approximately $4.1 trillion. Investment-grade supply remains the biggest asset class despite the recent surge in leveraged loans. This is slightly above the historical compound annual growth rate and is supported by 19% growth in U.S. leveraged loan forward maturities and 7% growth in U.S. investment-grade forward maturities, providing a solid underpinning for medium-term issuance. Now moving to Moody's Analytics. MA's recurring revenue grew 18% in the quarter. And as I mentioned earlier, now represents 93% of total MA revenue on a trailing 12-month basis. This is supported by new customer demand and strong retention rates, which is really a testament to the mission-critical nature of our product suite. The chart on the right illustrates the strong organic recurring revenue growth on a trailing 12-month basis across some of our key operating units. Each of these businesses currently represent at least $100 million of annual revenue with growth rates above 10% versus the prior year. Starting with credit research and data feeds. Recurring revenue improved in the low double-digit percent range through a combination of increased yields and sales to new and existing customers. Recurring revenue in banking solutions within the ERS business grew at a similar pace as customers continue to leverage our products to support a wide range of functions, everything from lending to portfolio management and accounting and reporting requirements. Recurring revenue for our insurance and asset management business within ERS increased in the mid-20s percent range and was driven by ongoing demand for our actuarial modeling and IFRS 17 solutions. And finally, KYC and compliance built on its strong start to the year, also growing in the mid-20s percent range. This continues to be an important growth driver for Moody's that I'll expand on further. Last quarter, I summarized a few key trends underpinning growth in the KYC market. And I described how our differentiated offerings are driving organic growth rates north of 20%. And let me give you a few examples that illustrate the value that we provide across a variety of customer applications. In banking, one of our core use cases is to support customer due diligence requirements by providing transparency into counterparty relationships and beneficial ownership structures. And the accuracy, quality and linkage of our data enables us to be a trusted partner with banks in complying with the regulatory requirements and managing reputational risk across the financial sector. Turning to a large automotive leasing company. They previously relied on manual processes but now have automated their supplier due diligence activities by using our Orbis database to onboard and monitor tens of thousands of suppliers and their beneficial owners. And last, a worldwide transportation company was looking for an integrated supplier of risk solution to comply with anti-bribery and corruption laws and automate the risk assessment procedures. They chose our Compliance Catalyst solution to help them onboard and monitor almost 20,000 suppliers, primarily because it provided them with a single tool from which to source high-quality compliance, financial and ESG data. Last month, we closed on the RMS acquisition. We're very excited to welcome our new colleagues to Moody's. And our teams have begun to work to jointly advance our integration plans. Recently, I had the opportunity to spend a couple of days together with the MA and RMS management teams to get to know each other and to align on priorities. And it's clearly a great cultural fit. And we see interesting opportunities across our combined life and P&C businesses, potential for new solutions that empower integrated risk assessment and an opportunity to sync and upgrade our technology platforms. We're focused on 3 key areas to drive incremental revenues and achieve our targets. First is cross-selling to our respective customers. And we've already begun conducting joint customer meetings to start to identify opportunities. And I have to say, the dialogues are encouraging. Second is the transition of RMS customers to their new SaaS platform, where RMS will benefit from MA's recent experience and which represents an opportunity for some revenue uplift. And third is new product development and integration. When I was with the team, they identified a wide range of opportunities, from simple integration to enhance our insurance analytics, to new products serving new customer segments. In fact, we have a team working specifically on identifying opportunities for corporates and governments across climate and cyber. So our work with RMS has begun and we're looking forward to the future together. At the beginning of this year, I highlighted our strategic priorities as a global integrated risk assessment firm. That included collaborating, modernizing and innovating to meet our customers' rapidly changing needs. And I want to showcase a few examples of how we're delivering on our strategy across the company. Beginning with ESG and climate, we recently launched new capabilities to help customers using our credit scoring tools so that they can integrate and understand the financial impact of physical and transition risks. That new module enhances our award-winning models and covers 40,000 public companies and millions of private firms. Within our ratings business, we recently expanded our ESG credit impact scores to include financial institutions. This is the next step in building out comprehensive coverage on our rated universe and furthering our efforts to help investors clearly understand the impact of E, S and G factors on credit. In MA, we're leveraging cloud and SaaS technologies to improve the customer experience. For example, as part of our Data Alliance consortia, we recently released our first set of CECL dashboards. And that enables banks to benchmark themselves against their peers and enhances the value of our product. And we're integrating commercial property data and cash flow analytics into our CreditLens suite of solutions to help commercial real estate lenders make better decisions. And this marks an important expansion of our offerings serving the commercial real estate sector. Finally, the exponential increase in cyberattacks and ransomware has threatened the stability and reputation of businesses across the world. And to help our customers understand this evolving risk, we made a significant investment in BitSight, a leader in cybersecurity ratings space. We see many potential opportunities for us to integrate their data and analytics into our products and solutions. And together, we will help market participants better measure and manage their cyber risk across supply chains and portfolios. With COP26 beginning in a few days, I want to underscore the importance of ESG and climate to both our stakeholders and to the Moody's organization. And this is evident in the way that climate considerations are embedded across our company. Within our products, we offer market participants the tools they need to better identify, measure and manage climate resilience. We've developed a comprehensive suite of climate risk data, scores and insights to measure physical exposure to climate hazards, to analyze the company's transition risk and also to understand how climate risk translates into credit risk. And the addition of RMS will meaningfully enhance the quality of our offerings to help deliver world-class analytics to the market. And as part of Moody's corporate commitment to sustainability, we announced several significant actions in the quarter. We brought forward our commitment to achieve net zero across our operations and value chain to 2040, and that's 10 years earlier than our original target. Additionally, we're very proud to have achieved recognition as a 2021 Global Compact LEAD company, a major distinction from the world's largest corporate sustainability initiative. And as founding member of the Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero, we're committed to align all of our relevant products and services to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions. All these efforts underscore our strong commitment to address the climate crisis and to drive positive change. And before I hand the call over to Mark to discuss our financials, on behalf of the entire executive team, I want to thank all of our employees for their hard work and dedication in helping us achieve yet another great quarter.
Mark Kaye: Thank you very much, Rob. In the third quarter, MIS revenue and rated issuance increased 12% and 11%, respectively, on elevated leveraged loan and CLO activity. Corporate finance revenue grew 6% compared to a 2% increase in issuance. Heightened demand continued for leveraged loans as issuers opportunistically refinanced debt and funded M&A transactions. Additionally, we observed lighter investment-grade activity compared to the record levels in the prior year period as well as a decline in high-yield bonds as investors pivoted to floating rate debt. Financial institutions revenue rose 14%, supported by 25% growth in issuance. Transaction revenue was up 24% as infrequent bank and insurance issuers took advantage of the attractive rate and spread environment. Revenue from public, project and infrastructure finance declined 2% compared to a 17% decrease in issuance as U.S. public finance issuers largely fulfilled their funding needs in prior periods. Structured finance revenue was up 63%, supported by strong recovery in issuance. While this was primarily attributable to CLO refinancing activity, the third quarter also had a high level of new deals driven by a surge in leveraged loan supply. In addition, CMBS and RMBS formation further bolstered overall results. MIS' adjusted operating margin benefited from approximately 190 basis points of underlying expansion, more than offset by the impact of higher incentive compensation associated with our improved full year outlook, a legal accrual adjustment in the prior year and a charitable contribution via The Moody's Foundation. Moving to MA. Third quarter revenue rose 13% or 8% on an organic basis. Ongoing demand for our KYC and compliance solutions as well as data feed drove a 15% increase in RD&A revenue or 12% organically. This was further supported by mid-90s percent retention rate and robust renewal yield for our credit research and data products. ERS revenue rose 8% in the quarter. Organic recurring revenue grew 13% driven by customer demand for our banking products as well as insurance analytics solutions. This was more than offset by an expected decline in onetime revenue and led to a 2% decrease in overall organic revenue. As a result of our strategic shift towards SaaS-based solutions, recurring revenue comprised 90% of total ERS revenue in the third quarter, up 12 percentage points from the prior year period. MA's adjusted operating margin benefited from approximately 210 basis points underlying expansion, more than offset by acquisitions completed in the last 12 months, nonrecurring transaction costs associated with RMS and the charitable contribution via The Moody's Foundation. Turning to Moody's full year 2021 guidance. Moody's outlook for 2021 is based on assumptions regarding many geopolitical conditions, macroeconomic and capital market factors. These include, but are not limited to, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; responses by governments, regulators, businesses and individuals as well as the effects on interest rates, inflation, foreign currency exchange rates, capital markets liquidity and activity in different sectors of the debt market. The outlook also reflects assumptions regarding general economic conditions, the company's own operations and personnel as well as additional items detailed in the earnings release. Our full year 2021 guidance is underpinned by the following macro assumptions. 2021 U.S. GDP will rise in the range of 5.5% to 6.5%, and Euro area GDP will increase in the range of 4.5% to 5.5%. Benchmark interest rates will gradually rise, with U.S. high-yield spreads remaining below approximately 500 basis points. The U.S. unemployment rate will remain below 5% through year-end, and the global high-yield default rate will fall below 2% by year-end. Our guidance also assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. Specifically, our forecast for the balance of 2021 reflects U.S. exchange rates for the British pound of $1.35 and $1.16 for the euro. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. We have updated our full year 2021 guidance for several key metrics. Moody's revenue is now projected to increase in the low teens percent range, and we have maintained our expectation for expenses to grow approximately 10%. As such, with an improved revenue outlook and ongoing expense discipline, we have expanded Moody's adjusted operating margin forecast to be approximately 51%. We raised and narrowed the diluted and adjusted diluted EPS guidance ranges to $11.65 to $11.85 and $12.15 to $12.35, respectively. We forecast free cash flow to remain between $2.2 billion and $2.3 billion and anticipate that full year share repurchases will remain at approximately $750 million, subject to available cash, market conditions, M&A opportunities and other ongoing capital allocation. For a complete list of our guidance, please refer to Table 12 of our earnings release. Moving to the operating segments. Within MIS, we now forecast full year revenue to increase in the low teens percent range and rated issuance to grow in the high single-digit percent range. MIS' issuance guidance assumes that full year leveraged loan and structured finance issuance will both increase by approximately 100%, up from our prior assumption of 75% growth for each of these asset classes. Investment-grade issuance is forecast to decline by approximately 35%, an improvement from our prior assumption of a 40% decrease. High-yield bond issuance is expected to increase by approximately 20%, slightly lower than our prior outlook. Additionally, we are raising our guidance for first-time mandates to a range of 1,050 to 1,150. This is significantly above recent levels and will enable us to generate incremental revenue through future annual monitoring fees. We're also increasing MIS' adjusted operating margin guidance to approximately 62%, which implies approximately 200 basis points of margin expansion compared to 2020's full year result. This operating leverage is driven by continued top line outperformance and well-controlled expenses. For MA, we are maintaining our revenue growth projection in the mid-teens percent range, supported by our strong retention rates and the continued growth of SaaS and subscription products. We are also reaffirming the adjusted operating margin guidance of approximately 29%. These metrics include the impact of a deferred revenue haircut related to the RMS acquisition as well as the nonrecurring transaction-related expenses I noted earlier. Excluding the impact of acquisitions completed in the prior 12 months, MA revenue is anticipated to increase in the high single-digit percent range, and the adjusted operating margin is forecast to expand by approximately 300 basis points. As I mentioned previously, we are reaffirming our full year 2021 expense growth guidance of approximately 10%. For the third quarter, operating expenses rose 19% over the prior year period, of which approximately 16 percentage points were attributable to operational and transaction-related costs associated with recent acquisitions, including RMS, as well as higher incentive and stock-based compensation accruals, a $16 million charitable contribution via The Moody's Foundation and movement in foreign exchange rates. The remaining expense growth of approximately 3% was comprised of organic investments as well as operating costs such as hiring and salary increases and was partially offset by ongoing cost efficiency initiatives. We are on track to reinvest approximately $110 million back into the business in 2021. These organic investments are concentrated in the areas we've mentioned throughout the year, including ESG and climate, KYC and compliance, CRE as well as technology improvement and geographical expansion. Before turning the call back over to Rob, I would like to underscore a few key takeaways. First, we're pleased to have raised our full year guidance across several key metrics, primarily due to robust third quarter performance. Second, economic recovery and constructive market conditions continue to support issuance levels and refunding activity. Third, MA's high proportion of recurring revenue and retention rates, along with growing customer demand for our award-winning product suite, positions Moody's for sustainable long-term success. Fourth, our ongoing key organic investments in high-growth markets accelerate our integrated risk assessment strategy across a wider range of use cases. And finally, our focus on innovation and product enhancement delivers best-in-class ESG and climate solutions to our stakeholders, enabling them to make better decisions. And with that, let me turn the call back over to Rob.
Robert Fauber: Thanks, Mark. This concludes our prepared remarks and Mark and I would be pleased to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: The first question is just on Moody's Analytics. I was hoping you could just help us with how much RMS specifically contributed in terms of revenue to the quarter and how we should model that out and the margin impact basically?
Robert Fauber: Good to have you on the call. I'm going to start kind of big picture with RMS because I think that will be useful to everybody on the call, and then we'll get Mark to drill down into some of the numbers. And I want to say that while we've owned RMS for less than 45 days, I think we're very excited about the prospects of what we can do together. And one thing that we found is that RMS, the combination of RMS and Moody's has made us a very important vendor to the largest insurance companies in the world. And that's leading to some really good dialogues and opening up some new opportunities for us. And we've got a plan to integrate RMS that's really focused around 4 key pillars. First is go-to-market strategies really in our insurance business, including cross-sell. Second is a road map for integrating RMS' capabilities across Moody's. And that very importantly includes climate as well as cyber and commercial real estate, to name a few. We've got some opportunities to sync and combine our tech stacks and road maps and then, of course, corporate integration. But to give you a sense of the cross-selling opportunity, in the core insurance space, less than 10% of our combined total insurance customers are currently served by both Moody's and RMS. So there's a lot we think we can do there. Let me give you a couple of examples, Manav, of where we see some relatively low-hanging fruit in terms of cross-selling and product integration in the insurance space. RMS has got something called LifeRisks and that focuses on a mortality and longevity solution. And we think we're going to be able to integrate that into our life insurance actuarial modeling platform and sell that to our life insurance customers. And think about RMS, they essentially had 0 sales effort into life insurance. So that's going to be a great opportunity for us to take that to several hundred life insurers. Another place is in our asset and capital modeling solution that's available for life insurers and integrating that into RMS' Risk Intelligence platform serving P&C companies. So there are a number of other things that we've identified but that gives you a flavor for it. And then we're looking at leveraging RMS' capabilities to serve new customer segments in new ways. And that was really a lot of what we talked about on the investor call when we announced the transaction. And for instance, helping financial institutions and corporates to start to assess the potential impacts of climate change and weather risks across their portfolios and their facilities, certainly with governments. And I'm sure on this call, we will talk more about the infrastructure and Build Back Better bills. There's going to be an enormous amount of investment into building climate resilience, and so we think RMS is really going to position us well to help organizations with that. So in some ways, one of our biggest challenges is really just kind of properly prioritizing all the opportunities and get the teams focused on the things that are going to deliver the biggest bang for the buck. So we're off to a good start, much more to be done, and of course, we'll keep you posted.
Mark Kaye: Then Manav, as we think about the outlook, RMS' implicit impact to the full year 2021 adjusted margins and adjusted EPS was slightly larger than we previously forecast back in August, really due to 3 primary, I think about them as nonrecurring items. The first was increased transaction-related expenses of around $22 million. Second was a higher expected deferred revenue haircut in 2021 of $18 million. And then the third one would be the $13 million loss on the British pound purchase price hedge. If I take those three factors together with the underlying operating performance expected in 2021, we're looking at roughly a $0.29 dilutive impact to our full year EPS outlook. So if you put that in perspective, that will give you an idea of what needs to be adjusted out if you choose to from your models.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. Got it. And then just from a margin standpoint, though, maybe on MIS. I think last quarter, you told us that the operating expense should be similar to the first half of this year. I just wanted an update if that's still the case or not.
Mark Kaye: Yes, Manav, maybe I'll spend just a couple of minutes to give a little bit more detail on the MIS margin. So we are guiding to a full year 2021 MIS adjusted operating margin outlook of approximately 62%. And that really means if you back into the fourth quarter of the year ago margin, we're looking at roughly 54.5%. And that would be up around a little bit over 600 basis points from the 2020 fourth quarter margin of that 48%. Of that approximately 600 basis points, you could think about almost 400 basis points is coming from underlying business performance. Think about ongoing favorable rate environment and need for continued M&A financing, et cetera, but also around, let's call it, 250 basis points from the nonrecurrence of some of those expenses that we saw in the fourth quarter last year, like severance. I also wanted to point out one item here that we are assuming historical fourth quarter issuance seasonality trends, which will imply a lower absolute fourth quarter MIS revenue result versus earlier quarters. So specifically in line with 2017 to 2020 quarterly seasonality, we're assuming 1/5 of 2021's full year MIS revenue in the last quarter of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alexander Kramm: Was hoping that you could give us a little bit of an update or more detailed update than you already did on kind of like your expectations on the ratings and issuance side as we head into fiscal year '22. I understand given you haven't given us any sort of look yet, but it is November and clearly, everybody's kind of already moved on focusing on next year. And I think everybody can't ignore that the last couple of years have been really, really strong. So I appreciate your comments in terms of refi walls being a lot higher. And from a multiyear perspective, that looks really, really good. But when you think a little more near term in terms of fiscal year '22, what are the puts and takes that you are thinking about as you get into the budgeting process?
Robert Fauber: Alex, and I understand congratulations may be in order that you may have a new member of the family, so that's super. And we appreciate you still dialing into the call.
Alexander Kramm: I appreciate this. Thank you very much.
Robert Fauber: I was actually looking back at the transcript from last year's third quarter call. I knew I was going to get this question. And I realize I'm probably going to sound a little bit like a broken record. So let me just give you some insight into how we're thinking about it. And you're right, Alex, we're not ready to give an official guide on our 2022 issuance outlook. We'll do that on the next call. But I think fundamentally, while the conditions are very, very conducive to issuance right now, and you noted it in your question, we have to take into account the very robust issuance environment we've had over the last, now, 2 years. And kind of like I said last year, from where we're sitting just right now, it feels like there are a little bit more headwinds than tailwinds going into 2022, and I'll give you a sense of both of those. So in terms of tailwinds, certainly, we've got a rebound in economic activity. We've always said that, that is good for our business. And assumption, our assumption is that inflation will, in fact, be transitory. And we've got a, we assume there's going to be a continuation of the very strong pace of M&A that's going on right now. And I think that's going to be particularly true in the case of sponsor-driven LBO activity. We've got private equity funds that just have huge amounts of money to deploy. We've got an assumption there's going to be a continued low rate and low default environment. And the low default environment is important because that's going to be supportive of tight spreads. So even as rates start to move up a little bit, we think that all-in financing rates will be historically attractive. And then I guess I would also add that we're going to see a continued uptick in sustainability-focused financing. That's going to grow dramatically next year, although that may be a little bit more of an issue of mix than volume. Now in terms of headwinds, it really does start with just the comps. And obviously, last year, it was investment-grade. This year, it is leveraged loans. So the outlook for leveraged loans, the sustainability of issuance in leveraged loans and in turn CLOs is going to be very important, I think, ultimately to our outlook. And like I said, there are some very good drivers for leveraged loan volumes to continue, M&A, gradually rising rate environment. Mark noted, we expect issuance to be up over 100% versus last year. And so like investment-grade last year, that's just, it is a hard act to follow. And the question is, will there be a period of market digestion after all of this issuance? I would also say, Alex, in general, issuers have got pretty healthy balance sheets and liquidity so they can be a bit patient. There's been lots of refinancing over the last few years. So issuers are in good shape around maturities. And I hope this is one of the last times I say this, but COVID is still a bit of a wildcard. It can be. And the last thing I'd say, Alex, and I acknowledge you noted this in your question, so that gives you a sense of how we're thinking about the quarters ahead. But as we think about the years ahead, that's why we wanted to highlight the 4-year forward maturities. They've grown at a rate of about 9% versus last year. So all of that is going to give us a very good underpinning for medium-term issuance, we think.
Alexander Kramm: Excellent. Great color here. And a quick one just on the MA side. I know you talk about ESG and climate increasingly. I think still pretty early in terms of revenues. But in terms of where you're actually having success right now, can you actually give us a few examples where you're actually doing sales and like what kind of customers, what kind of products are resonating the most? And to what degree you're having competitive wins or what your win rate is because everybody is obviously trying to jump at this and grab as much as they can, but it's becoming a crowded field. So curious in terms of how you're doing relative to the competition, where you're winning the most.
Mark Kaye: Alex, thanks very much for the question here. Let me go ahead and maybe do a little bit of a holistic perspective, and I'll dive right in to specific areas that we're having success and sort of where our competitive advantage is here. Overall, the market itself is really coalescing around what we think of as 2 really important ESG themes. The first is really consistency, and that's really the need for more commonization and standardization. And the second is really around integration, right? The integration of ESG, climate and sustainability data, tools, analytics into our financial and risk workflows and products and services. And these two themes that could lead you to think about ESG as having a broader and deeper understanding of the important characteristics of who you're investing with or who you're lending to or who you're working with. And with that, let me highlight sort of those 3 customer examples to a part of your question. The first is in the CRE space where our customers want on-demand scoring capabilities to screen properties globally. And they want sustainability considerations to be integrated into that screening. And so we've developed a solution that provides those forward-looking risk assessments, property exposures to floods, hurricanes, wildfires and other climate hazards over time. And that's incredibly valuable and we're gaining significant traction there with our clients. A second example we can think about is banks and insurance companies. They're looking for climate data really to be integrated into economic scenario modeling and stress testing to really help them meet regulatory and other requirements. They also need it integrated into how they're assessing risk across their wholesale banking credit portfolios. And so we are doing that. We're helping to integrate those climate and ESG factors into our model. And that's, again, enhancing our competitive value proposition, including our lending software and other risk solutions that we provide to those financial institutions. And then maybe third, as a third example, customers ultimately want to integrate data sets. They really want to commingle their data with ours. And to enable that, we've made our data available on our new DataHub platform for customers to access our data alongside their own in-house data and then to work with that data using some of the advanced data science tools.
Robert Fauber: And Mark, let me just build on that too. Alex, you think about where do we think we have source of competitive advantage, you're right, it's a crowded field. I'll give you one example. We've developed what we call an ESG Score Predictor that's got scores on 140 million companies. Nobody else has that kind of coverage and we're leveraging that Orbis database that we have. We've got over 100 sales opportunity in the pipeline right now for organizations who want to be able to understand the ESG profile of tens of thousands of suppliers, for instance. So there's one example. Second, climate. With the addition of RMS, and we are just in the process of figuring out how we're really going to leverage that, we think we probably have some of the best climate modeling capabilities anywhere on the planet. And there's going to be a lot of demand for that. So in addition to kind of what we already had across the company and now layering in RMS and all of their capabilities, we think we're really going to be able to compete and win in the climate space.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets.
Ashish Sabadra: I just wanted to focus on the KYC, and thanks for flagging the accelerated growth there. I was also wondering how is ESG driving increased demand for KYC. You've mentioned a couple of times about increased demand for third party, so any more incremental color there.
Robert Fauber: Yes. Great question, Ashish. So let me just start with KYC and financial crime compliance. As you can see, we're continuing to have very robust demand. We've got 26% constant dollar organic revenue growth in the third quarter. We feel very good about that. And we've got these foundational data assets with Orbis, 400 million companies, 1.5 billion total ownership links and then our GRID database with more than 14 million profiles. So that is a really comprehensive offering. And we've talked about the multiple use cases that are driving demand for all of this. And it goes back to what Mark just said. Organizations want to understand who they're doing business with, what are the risks of doing business with them and how can they make better and faster decisions to deliver immediate operational returns? And it's going beyond regulatory requirements and it's going beyond banks. And so to give you a sense of that, we're hearing from customers that they can do screens up to 5x faster with up to a 70% reduction in false positives using our tools. That's an anecdotal feedback we get from our customers. That's really important to them. And to give you a sense, Ashish, of the kind of scale of operations in our KYC business, we're now processing more than 700 million screens a day. So we're now building on this position. We've confirmed at least 10, what we call, innovation partners, which represent a range of well-known financial institutions, technology companies and corporates who we are now working with to co-create and shape industry-leading solutions. And those partners represent not only obviously attractive commercial opportunities but they give us really unique insights into industry trends and customer needs. And as part of all that, we're progressing on new product opportunities, things like KYC scores and networks, which I think you'll see some of that coming to market in 2022. Across the globe, we have recently expanded our sales team that's focused on KYC and financial crime compliance. And we really are continuing to refine our value proposition and expand our reach. So we feel very good. We're going to keep investing organically. We're going to keep investing inorganically to make sure we've got a leading position in what is a very attractive market. And then to touch on the last part of your question, how is ESG integrating. You think about, we call it know your customer. But increasingly, this is know your counterparty, know your customer, know your supplier. And as I said, it's going beyond, I need to understand whether they're on a sanctions list, so I now want to understand, are they on a sanctions list? Is there reputational risk? Does this company have the same kind of ESG profile that I want to do business with? Is my data secure with them? And so we're seeing, as part of this know your counterparty space, a desire from customers to start integrating more and more content to give them a more 360-degree view of who they're connecting to. And ESG is a part of that.
Ashish Sabadra: That's very helpful color. Maybe just my follow-up, I was wondering if you could provide any update on your China operations and any incremental color with what's happening there.
Robert Fauber: Sure. So I think everybody on the call knows, we're committed to our investment in CCXI. We have a 30% stake. It's the leading domestic rating agency. I know that the market has opened up to a number of financial services companies. But we'll see how successful those companies are relative to Chinese incumbents. What we do know is the Chinese want to attract more foreign investment into their domestic bond markets. And they need more transparency and more global comparability. That's what international investors want. So let me give you, Ashish, 2 ways that we are delivering what we think international investors want in order to facilitate investment into China's bond markets. The first is, we're about to launch something called China CreditView. We expect to launch it in November. And we think that's going to really address some critical needs across 4 areas. First of all, it's going to provide very wide coverage. So the platform is going to cover the top 1,000-plus Chinese corporates. And it will have global comparability. That's something else that's very important, standardized financials, credit metrics and model implied ratings on a global scale because that then allows for pure comparison globally, which is very important across both MIS-rated and kind of model-rated firms. It's going to provide transparency and some in-depth analysis with financial statement quality scores and interactive scorecards. So that's going to be very helpful to international investors. The second thing I would say is, given the credit stress and some of the regulatory actions across a range of Chinese sectors, I'd say that the demand for high-quality insights into China's credit market has probably never been higher. And to give you a sense, by year-end, our event activity covering Greater China will be up over 20% from last year. We'll have done 160 events. And we're increasingly really working under a One Moody's banner. A great example of that is our Moody's ESG China series. We're innovating in terms of our local delivery there. We're active on WeChat. We've got a special China channel. So a lot we're doing to drive engagement. We're even, I would kind of call it, bringing the world to China. We're including live Chinese translations into our global programs. And also to give you a sense of the activity levels, there's a lot of analytical and commercial engagements between our analysts and our commercial teams with issuers and prospective issuers, over 1,000 analytical meetings and thousands of commercial meetings. And then we've done a number of events with Chinese intermediates. So we feel like we've got some very good initiatives focused on the China market opportunity that are responsive to what the market wants and needs.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan: Actually, I just wanted to follow up on that last point you made, Rob. In the China CreditView, could you just confirm, it sounds like, is that more of an investor paid model that you're deploying within China or maybe I'm not understanding it correctly.
Robert Fauber: Yes. Toni, that's right. We have a flagship product called CreditView for fixed income investors. This is a, I would say, a special China-focused module of that with a broad coverage on Chinese corporates, as I just talked about. So yes, it would be a subscription-based model targeted primarily at our core international investor customer segment.
Toni Kaplan: Perfect. Okay. Also, so you had some really, turning totally to a different topic. You've had some nice double-digit organic growth within RD&A for the past 5 quarters. A lot of moving pieces in there. You've got RDC, BvD, the legacy businesses. Slide 10 was really helpful for showing the drivers by theme. When you just think about the next 1 to 3 years, how would you rank order the areas of opportunity that you're most excited about within MA? And just on the sort of investment side, you have all these initiatives and innovation going on right now. I know it's really early, but should we think about the continued pace of investment similar next year to what you've done this year? Anything on sort of the opportunities and the investment would be great.
Robert Fauber: Yes. Toni, I'll start and then Mark is probably going to want to chime in as we think about investment. But let me start with RD&A because I think that's where your question started. Yes, we've got some very strong organic growth coming out of that. You're right. There's a number of things that are included in that segment. The KYC, obviously, I talked about that at some length. But let me also talk about what else is driving growth there, and that's our research and data feeds. We've got very strong retention, something like 96% in the third quarter of '21. And that growth is supported by deepening our penetration at existing customers and adding new logos. And we're making, and I was talking, Toni, about our flagship CreditView research platform. We're making some significant investments and enhancements to be able to support our value proposition and obviously our pricing opportunity over the coming years. So to give you a little bit of a flavor for that, we're now going to be aggregating insights and analytics that we've developed across all of Moody's so that our customers can access, you hear this term, integrated risk capabilities in one place. We're going to be upgrading and delivering more of a true digital experience that is going to enable our RD&A users to consume, really CreditView users, to consume content where, when and how they want it. And I think very importantly, we're going to be servicing the entire breadth of the ESG and climate content across Moody's to be able to integrate, enable integrated risk assessment on credit risk and dual materiality. So there's some very good investments there. Then maybe the last thing, I'll hand it to Mark is, and you're right, there are a number of great places for us to be investing across MA. We've got the bubble chart that shows you. You've got a number of businesses doing more than $100 million in revenue. So I would go back to, KYC is a very attractive place for us to invest given the growth characteristics and our position and then things like banking and insurance within ERS, CRE and then climate and ESG.
Mark Kaye: Toni, if I were to just add a couple of numbers around that. For the full year 2021, we're looking to invest approximately $110 million. And just to give you a feel because this obviously ties back with the expense calendarization by quarter, we spent approximately $30 million in the third quarter and we're looking at somewhere between $45 million and $50 million in the fourth quarter. And a significant portion of those strategic investments, as Rob said, would be allocated to our KYC, CRE, ESG and climate. Maybe just a quick flyby on KYC. Obviously, that's the integration of the acquisitions from RDC, Cortera and Acquire Media. And that's all about best-in-class KYC and financial crime prevention. I just wanted to make a note here. We have a really great customer feedback on our new insights around human trafficking alerts and some of the identity verification. On CRE briefly, it's around streamlining our customers' workflow for lending, investment and monitoring. ESG, I think we've sufficiently spoken about. And then lastly, in the domestic China and Latin American markets, we are investing in some of the local talent, region-specific methodologies and more of a holistic suite of products that meet the specific market needs.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin McVeigh with Credit Suisse.
Kevin McVeigh: Mark or Rob, I wanted to ask the kind of rate question a different way. I mean, obviously, there's been a nice uptick in structured finance to offset some of the corporate finance weakness. But if I go back, you're still kind of 40% below the '07, '08 peak in structured finance, right, if you look at your revenue, yet kind of corporate finance is 5x what it was. Do you have any thoughts as to structured finance revisit that prior peak? I know the dynamics are a little bit different, but any thoughts as to does that continue to offset maybe some of the uptick in rates? Or just I'm asking that more within the context of the rating stack relative to how we're thinking about rates a little bit longer term, I guess, '21 to '22.
Robert Fauber: Kevin, it's Rob. Let me take a crack at this. I guess the first thing that comes to mind here is just, when we're talking about 2007, if we went back and looked at the size of the RMBS market, that's going to be a very big piece of that, that just has not come back to anything like what it looked like pre-global financial crisis. And we get asked from time to time, do we think it will and there have been some proposals around the GSEs and other things. But the reality is, it just doesn't seem like something that's probably in the near to medium term. So it's hard to replace that amount of issuance in the overall structured market. That said, if we kind of just look out right now today, we see, especially in the U.S., pretty vibrant markets for structured finance across all asset classes. Obviously, CLOs is, you saw our guidance, up 100%. But ABS, very tight spreads in that market, improving consumer confidence. You've got CMBS, which has been surprisingly resilient coming out of the pandemic and of course, CLOs. So I think we're going to see good growth in structured finance, but I don't think it's going to resume the same kind of absolute size that we had pre-financial crisis anytime soon.
Kevin McVeigh: That makes a lot of sense. And then just real quick, given all the incremental commentary from RMS in terms of how it's syncing with climate, are you still comfortable with that $150 million of incremental revenue by 2025 or are you seeing anything as to the pacing of that? It sounds like maybe that proves conservative as you're kind of working your way through the client base.
Mark Kaye: We are very comfortable to continue guiding towards the incremental RMS-related run rate revenue of $150 million by 2025. I'd also just note that connected to that is the guidance that we are reaffirming around our medium-term MA adjusted operating margin of mid-30s. So certainly, we feel very comfortable sort of reaffirming those outlooks.
Robert Fauber: And Kevin, I don't want to get ahead of ourselves, but we're going to be thinking hard about how Moody's and RMS together can play an important role in addressing climate resilience, obviously, enormous investments being made. The Biden plan, I think we've got more visibility on that today. So that will be something we'll be very focused on.
Kevin McVeigh: It seems like it's a real future opportunity for you, for sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Tong with Goldman Sachs.
George Tong: I wanted to drill into margins a bit. As you think about the attribution of margin performance, how do you expect MIS and MA margins to perform in the fourth quarter?
Mark Kaye: George, maybe let me start more holistically at the MCO level. I provided a little bit of color a minute ago on MIS, but let me talk about MCO and then I'll talk a little bit about MA after that. Our updated guidance for full year 2021 MCO adjusted operating margin is approximately 51%, and that is 130 basis points higher than the actual 2020 adjusted operating margin result of 49.7%. For context, this is in addition to the MCO margin expanding by 240 basis points in 2020, so a significant expansion. If we were to break the MCO margin expansion down into its component pieces, that would translate into an increase in operating leverage by around 300 to 350 basis points. And that's versus the 150 to 250 basis points that we guided to previously. And this is driven really by better-than-expected scalable revenue growth underpinned by expense discipline. We are also able to realize savings and efficiencies of between 160 and 200 basis points of MCO margin from activities like the restructuring programs that we implemented last year, increasing automation, utilization of lower-cost locations, procurement efficiencies, real estate optimization, et cetera. And the idea that we've spoken about is then sort of fully deploying those savings and efficiencies against increasing our organic strategic investments in 2021 and especially in the third and fourth quarter of this year. And if I just were to round out sort of that attribution, we're really looking at 150 to 190 basis points of headwind from the recent acquisitions, including those RMS transaction-related costs, and around 25 basis points of mix between the MA and the MIS business growth. On MA specifically, we are guiding to approximately 29% for the full year. And that means the implied fourth quarter MA margin is approximately 24%. And that is down from last year's result of 28.4%. That's driven almost solely by more than 400 basis points of margin compression resulting from the M&A activity and transaction-related costs. The underlying fourth quarter margin is really expected to be approximately flat year-over-year. And that's primarily because we're accelerating our organic investments really, again, in the third and fourth quarter this year. And just to remind, and I know I mentioned this a minute ago but I want to reiterate, the medium-term MA adjusted operating margin guidance remains in that mid-30s percent.
George Tong: Got it. That's helpful. On the topic of reinvestments, you're making reinvestments of about $80 million to $100 million from the cost savings that you're realizing. Can you talk about which parts of the business those reinvestments are going into and what's been done year-to-date?
Mark Kaye: Absolutely. So to be precise, we're looking to reinvest approximately $110 million back into the business this year. And that really is through those cost efficiencies that we've been able to generate, primarily in the areas of KYC, CRE, ESG and climate. And I know we've spoken about those before. I also wanted to add, it also relates to modernizing some of our internal data and technology infrastructure, and that's about enhancing our products and expanding our presence in the emerging markets. And then, of course, we cited a couple of examples earlier on the call around the DataHub, the cloud-based analytical platform. So there are several areas that we're using to enhance organic investments.
Robert Fauber: Yes. Let me give you an example. So for instance, in commercial real estate, obviously, we made an acquisition at the beginning of the year, Catylist, to build out our coverage. We also have been investing organically and that's coming out of that investment fund. And really, there's 2 products in particular. At the end of the third quarter, we launched our CreditLens for commercial real estate product. That's targeted at CRE lenders. Those are our core customers. And that product delivers a more digitized and automated and connected approach that's going to reduce underwriting time for our customers. And we're building out a sales pipeline and we're excited about that. We're also scheduled to launch our portfolio construction and monitoring product for CRE investors this coming month. And similarly, we're out speaking with prospective customers there. That gives you an example of the kind of thing that we're doing out of that investment fund.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Nicholas with William Blair.
Trevor Romeo: This is actually Trevor Romeo on for Andrew. First, just you touched on this a bit in the prepared remarks, but I was just wondering if you could maybe talk a bit more about your investment in BitSight, your thoughts on kind of the market for cybersecurity ratings and analytics and how that investment enables you to take advantage of that opportunity.
Robert Fauber: Trevor, welcome to the call. So I probably don't need to say that cyberattacks are growing in frequency and severity. They're affecting a much broader range of industries. And as I think we all understand, it's not just data breaches anymore. This is about, also about the physical security of infrastructure. And we had done some interesting work in RMS. We had looked at the sectors that we consider to be medium high or high cyber risk. 13 sectors, total rated debt of more than $20 trillion. So the numbers here are big. And I guess what I'd say is, it's a growing problem, material implications, but the real issue is it's very opaque. There is little ability of financial markets to be able to quantify cyber risk. And this is a critical area of concern with virtually every customer that I meet with. It's probably not surprising. So we think that our investment in BitSight has established the standard at scale in cybersecurity ratings and risk assessment in a way that's, frankly, seriously needed and hasn't been done before. So think of this as they've got an outside-in approach. That's essentially what a company looks like to the Internet and then they translate that to something that looks kind of like a FICO score. And then in the transaction, we combined our joint venture that had our inside-out approach. And that's working with management and doing a more in-depth analysis, similar to what you might think of with a credit rating. So together, BitSight's got the most comprehensive cyber risk assessment capability in the market, and we think it's going to be uniquely well positioned to help quantify the financial exposure to cyber risk. And there are a few things that really attracted us to BitSight. They've got first-mover advantage in the space. They were the first to do this. They have a scalable, high-growth model. They've got over 2,000 customers that use their insights for a wide range of use cases. So this will give you a sense. I mean, it's everything from insurance companies that are underwriting cyber insurance and want better visibility into the risk of what they're underwriting, corporates who've got and managing supply chain and vendors, corporates who are doing own security assessment and benchmarking, M&A due diligence, national cybersecurity and the list goes on. And what we're seeing, Trevor, is increasing demand for our customers to help them be able to get their arms around this and to integrate that into a variety of workflows. So think about KYC, it was interesting. I was just talking with my team the other day. They came back from a big compliance conference. And one of the big themes was ransomware and cyber is now financial crime. And so I think we're going to see an increasing interest and a convergence around this, where you've got companies who are going to want to be able, back to this idea of know your counterparty, know your partner, know your, they're going to want to have more visibility into the cyber risk of who they're doing business with. So there are a range of things that we have identified where we're going to work with them to integrate their data sets and insights into a range of risk assessment workflows. So we're excited about it.
Trevor Romeo: Okay. Great. That was super helpful. And maybe just a quick follow-up for Mark. Apologize if I missed this, but what was the incentive comp number in the third quarter and your expectation for Q4?
Mark Kaye: The incentive compensation result for the third quarter was approximately $107 million. And we're now expecting incentive compensation to be between $325 million and $330 million for the full year. And that's an increase of around $60 million from our second quarter forecast really due to the improved full year revenue and margin outlook of low teens percentage growth and approximately 51% adjusted operating margin, respectively.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: My first question, Rob, if you just, back on the RMS acquisition, you talked an awful lot about your climate risk models here, the data there, how it's applicable to the insurance industry. But can you touch on the other industries out there? This seems like a huge opportunity long term to sell those capabilities into other areas outside of insurance. That's my first one.
Robert Fauber: Yes. That's exactly right, Craig. So you think about RMS for 30 years has been supporting the insurance industry in underwriting weather risk, call it climate risk, weather risk, right, among other kinds of risk as well. They've obviously developed models beyond extreme weather events. But I think what we're all realizing is that weather risk and the physical risks related to climate change are no longer just the insurance industry's problem. In fact, the insurance industry is going to be very thoughtful about what they insure on an ongoing basis, right? So you can imagine you're a bank, you've underwritten a 10-year loan and during the life of that loan, an insurance company decides they're no longer going to insure the collateral because they're concerned about the climate risk. And all of a sudden, the bank then inherits the climate risk. You've got, I think, a broad understanding now of the impact of weather. There's a whole range of knock-on impacts. I'll give you an interesting data point, Craig. Over the last 30 years, there have been something like $400 billion of insured losses related to weather events, but there have been something like $1.3 trillion of uninsured, right? So this is flowing through organizations' P&Ls, business interruptions, supply chain disruptions, changes to consumer, all those kinds of things that companies have been effectively retaining that risk. And I think organizations around the world are waking up to realize they want to get much smarter about that risk, especially given concerns about climate change. The other thing I would say, Craig, is and we can touch on what's going on with the infrastructure and Build Back Better bills, there is going to be a lot of investment in climate resilience, right? So this is trying to understand, let's say, you're a municipality. You want to understand what is the impact of climate change on your municipality? And what kind of investments should you be making in risk mitigation, adaptation and building climate resilience? And there are going to be trillions of dollars over the next several decades going into thinking about not just carbon transition but also address building climate resilience. And that is where we think the RMS models, combined with our expertise from Four Twenty Seven and other things, we think they are going to be very relevant in helping governments, corporations, financial institutions be able to start to much better zero in on those kinds of risks and think about how it will inform investments.
Craig Huber: That's great. My other follow-up, Rob, bank loan issuance, the outlook there. I mean, these private equity firms out there, as you alluded to earlier, are very flush with capital, cash on the balance sheets and stuff. And it looks to us like 50% to 60% in recent years of bank loan issuance is sponsored related to this stuff. I mean, can you just talk a little bit further about the outlook here, particularly given how low credit spreads are and absolute rates as well, just the bank loan outlook.
Robert Fauber: Yes. I'd say, Craig, near term, the bank loan outlook looks good for the reasons that you cite. You've got lots of dry powder from the sponsors. You've got low default rates and low forecasted default rates and very tight spreads, low benchmark rates, lots of M&A activity going on, so the outlook for leveraged loans looks good. I think the only question on our mind is really when the dust settles on the year, like we said, volumes are going to be up something like 100%. And the question is, will there be a period of digestion like we saw with investment-grade this past year? Or are we going to see some of these underlying drivers continue to allow the loan market to grow off of these record levels? I don't have an answer for that yet, but we will give you a view on the next call.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets.
Jeffrey Silber: We've been hearing a lot these days about the labor shortage and wage inflation. I just was wondering if you could talk a little bit about your own labor pool, what you're seeing. Is it any different than it has been over the past few months?
Robert Fauber: Yes. I'd say a few things. Like probably almost every company in the United States, we're seeing the same pressures that's led to a little bit of an uptick in our turnover on a historical basis, but we've also picked up our pace of hiring. So I guess what I would say is that, yes, we all hear about some of the compensation issues, but we're also really trying to focus in on the other things that really attract and retain people at a company. And I think that has really evolved over the last, even just since the pandemic. I mean, we see young people but I think all of our people, they want to work at a company that has a purpose and where they feel connected to the mission. And I can assure you that our people are very purpose and mission-driven at Moody's. We're doing some exciting things around combating financial crime and addressing and helping the world address climate change and all the things that we're doing, and the rating agency that plays such an important role. But then you've also got workplace flexibility. And that is going to be a very important factor in terms of retaining talent, not just about what am I getting paid but where am I going to work? And I can say that we've adopted a pretty flexible approach. I think most of our employees will be in a hybrid mode. We've given lots of flexibility. And frankly, our employees have earned it. They've done a super job over the last 2 years of working remotely. And I think we're really excited to empower our employees to take advantage of that kind of flexibility. And we see that as an opportunity to really, a possible competitive advantage in terms of attracting talent going forward.
Jeffrey Silber: All right. That's great. And just the second, a quick numbers question to Mark. Mark, can you just let us know what the annualized intangible asset amortization is now that you completed the RMS deal?
Mark Kaye: Specifically, let me start with RMS and then I'll move on to the broader. So we are still reviewing the intangible asset valuation for RMS. We do expect the allocation of the purchase price to be very much in line with historical norms. That's going to be around 40% of those amortizable intangible assets. What that translates to is around $17 million really for 2021 pretax and around $59 million pretax really looking forward from 2022. If I combine that holistically across the portfolio for the full year 2021, we're looking at combined depreciation and amortization of around $260-ish million, of which I would say around $158 million, maybe $160 million is really purchase price amortization for this year, and the remainder would be other regular depreciation and amortization.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Steinerman with JPMorgan.
Andrew Steinerman: Mark, it's Andrew. I want to look back to Slide #19. And could you just tell us what the fourth quarter issuance year-over-year is implied when you state high single-digit growth for the full year '21? And then I want you to compare that, on the same slide, to the MIS revenues. When you say low teens revenue growth for MIS revenues for the full year, I think that implies 8% or about 8% MIS revenue growth for the fourth quarter. Could you just confirm that? And then share with us the drivers between issuance change year-over-year and MIS revenue growth for the fourth quarter.
Mark Kaye: Andrew, thank you for your question. So we are guiding to an MIS revenue outlook of sort of low teens growth for the full year. I'd argue maybe that's towards the higher end of low teens. And that does imply, to your point, year to go MIS revenue in probably the high single digits and maybe I'll add a higher end of high single digit for MIS. On the issuance side, we are guiding towards high single digits for the year, and that would imply really mid-teens issuance growth in the fourth quarter. And you are seeing a little bit of negative mix in the fourth quarter as a result of that guidance. And that's primarily driven by the structured finance or specifically, the CLO asset class within structured finance, where you see greater than sort of 100% year-over-year guidance. The issuance itself doesn't necessarily translate as well vis-a-vis some of the other asset classes into per dollar revenue. So that should explain sort of those impacts to you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: I have two quick questions. First one is, Mark, could you please give us an update on the ESG revenue this quarter? And then have you changed any expectation of those ESG revenue contribution going forward?
Mark Kaye: Owen, we are still continuing to guide to a full year ESG revenue of approximately $21 million on a stand-alone basis and then an additional $5 million to $10 million of ESG revenue through integration of our ESG analytics into the MIS and MA products and solutions. For the third quarter itself, year-to-date, ESG revenue is very much in line with expectations, growing well over 20%. So we feel comfortable about meeting the targets for this year.
Owen Lau: Got it. That's very helpful. And then another one about the tax rate. I think there are lots of noise and conversation about the corporate tax rate next year. How does Moody's think about the tax rate going forward? And if any, would you make incremental cash tax payment, something like that?
Mark Kaye: Owen, thanks for the question here. So let me step back just for a minute and address your question holistically given tax is a very fluid area at the moment. And so it may be somewhat premature to speculate about potential impacts. So with that said, there are really 3 primary areas on our tax watch list that we are actively monitoring. First, and this one is probably a little bit obvious, is the Biden administration's tax proposal and the implied impact to Moody's go-forward effective tax rates from potential revisions to the corporate, the GILTI or the FDII rates. However, based on the releases that we've seen this morning of the Build Back Better legislative framework, those items are maybe looking less likely. And instead, we're more likely to see potentially a 15% minimum corporate tax on large corporations as well as possibly a 1% surcharge on corporate stock buybacks. So things are evolving quite quickly here. It's a rough order of magnitude depending on where we actually end up. A 1% change in the effective tax rate would correspond to around a $0.14 impact to the 2021 adjusted EPS. The second one that we're looking at is clearly the OECD, the pillars #1 and 2 around a global minimum and a digital services tax and then obviously that impacts on transfer pricing. And then third and finally relates to changes to tax transparency and tax governance, and that's really part of the integral element of corporate ESG. For example, the recently issued standards on this by the Global Reporting Institute. We are guiding to a full year effective tax rate between 19.5% and 20.5% for full year 2021. And so that is just north or well north of the 15% proposed minimum corporate tax. And so we feel comfortable with where we are.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back to Rob Fauber for any additional or closing remarks.
Robert Fauber: Okay. So before we wrap it up, just an advertisement that Moody's will be hosting our next Investor Day on March 10, 2022 in New York City. It's going to be a great opportunity to learn more about our business, and we hope to have many of you attend that in one way or another. So with that, thank you for joining today's call. We look forward to speaking with you again in the new year. Take care.
Operator: This concludes Moody's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the Investor Resources section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay of this call will be available after 4 p.m. Eastern Time on Moody's IR website. Thank you.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-28 11:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Moody's Corporation Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shivani Kak: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss Moody's second quarter 2021 results and our revised outlook for full year 2021. I'm Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the second quarter of 2021 as well as our outlook for full year 2021. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Rob Fauber, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Mark Kaye, Moody's Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures referenced during this call and GAAP. I call your attention to the safe harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the SEC's website. These, together with the safe harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I will now turn the call over to Rob Fauber.
Robert Fauber: Thanks, Shivani, and good morning, and thanks to everyone for joining today's call. I'm going to begin by providing a general update on the business, including Moody's second quarter 2021 financial results. And following my commentary, Mark Kaye will provide further details on our second quarter 2021 performance as well as our revised 2021 outlook. And after our prepared remarks, as always, we'll be happy to take your questions. Moody's delivered strong financial results in the second quarter of 2021. Revenue growth of 8% and increase in adjusted diluted EPS of 15% highlighted the robust demand for our best-in-class integrated risk assessment offerings. Favorable market conditions and heightened M&A activity provided the backdrop for sustained leveraged finance issuance in the second quarter, and it supported growth in our ratings business. The ongoing expansion of our risk assessment solutions combined with strong retention rates drove MA's significant recurring revenue growth. Top line performance as well as expense discipline contributed to adjusted operating margin expansion, and our cost efficiency initiatives continue to fund key investments and product innovation that should support ongoing growth. As a result of our solid execution in the quarter, we've revised our full year 2021 guidance and now forecast Moody's revenue to grow in the low double-digit percent range. Additionally, we've raised our adjusted diluted EPS guidance to be in the range of $11.55 to $11.85. Now turning to second quarter results. MIS revenue grew 4%. That's despite the tough prior year comparable, while MA achieved its highest ever quarterly revenue, up 15% from last year. On an organic constant currency basis, MA revenue increased 8%. Moody's adjusted operating income rose 12% to $861 million, and the adjusted operating margin expanded 200 basis points to 55.4%. Adjusted diluted EPS was $3.22, up 15%. On the last earnings call, I highlighted that issuance volumes reached their highest level in over a decade. This quarter, as anticipated, investment-grade activity declined as many issuers had already substantially fulfilled their funding needs in recent quarters. Although overall issuance declined by 16%, as you can see on the chart, second quarter issuance was still well above the historical 10-year average as shown on the blue line. While the growth in leveraged loans outpaced high-yield bonds, the demand that we saw earlier this year from both asset classes persisted, albeit a bit slower sequentially. We also saw increased momentum in the CLO market, driven by opportunistic refinancing as spreads remain tight. We frequently comment on our revenue relative to issuance levels, which relates to issuance mix. And in the second quarter, transactional MIS revenue grew 3%, while MIS rated issuance declined 16%. This chart provides an illustration of our second quarter issuance and revenue mix by asset class. So for example, the dark green bubble on the bottom left corner represents investment-grade issuance. And you can see that issuance was down 68% in the second quarter versus the prior year. However, leveraged loans, which has a greater proportion of issuers on per issuance or pay-as-you-go commercial programs, represented by the dark blue bubble on the far right, saw issuance up over 200%. And that significantly contributed to this quarter's favorable issuance mix. Similar to last quarter, favorable market conditions led issuers to access the debt markets for a variety of reasons. Credit spreads tightened as default rates trended lower, keeping the overall cost of debt low and allowing issuers to opportunistically refinance existing debt. And as the economy started to recover and equity markets continued their strong run, we saw an acceleration of M&A as companies use the combination of cash balances and debt financing to acquire growth and position businesses for the post-pandemic economy. We expect this constructive environment to persist, providing issuers further opportunities to tap the markets. That said, we forecast activity for the remainder of 2021 to moderate from the historical highs that we saw in the first half of this year. And Mark is going to go into further detail on our issuance guidance by asset class later in the call. Now let's turn to MA. MA's growing recurring revenue base and strong retention rates demonstrate the market demand for our products. Our emphasis on renewable sales has increased the proportion of recurring revenue by 4 percentage points in the trailing 12-month period to 92%. We continue to see significant opportunities in know your customer and financial crime compliance solutions as well as areas like insurance and asset management, both of which contributed to recurring revenue growth along with research and data feeds. We briefly discussed some of these businesses in the first quarter 2021 earnings call, and I want to further spotlight these 2 high-growth areas. I'll start by highlighting a few key trends in the KYC market. First, as I've mentioned before, the pandemic has accelerated digital transformation in know your customer and customer onboarding. Second, regulators are requiring organizations to know more about their customers and suppliers than ever before. And finally, financial crime continues to become more sophisticated, which requires advanced detection and monitoring capabilities. Our industry-leading product offerings and solutions leverage information on hundreds of millions of entities and ownership structures as well as detailed profiles on over 13 million politically exposed individuals. Using artificial intelligence, we combine our world-class data sets to map and analyze adverse media, together generating insights and identifying risks at a scale, speed and precision that is difficult for others to match and creating a compelling solution that is unique to Moody's and enables our customers to make better and faster decisions to combat financial crime. Similar to our know your customer and financial crime compliance products, our expanding offerings for insurers and asset managers are contributing to revenue growth for MA and are a core part of our integrated risk assessment strategy. We initially entered the insurance customer segment by providing market-leading regulatory compliance software. We then moved into actuarial models to support global life insurers enabled by our acquisition of GGY. We further expanded our capabilities to include asset and liability management and balance sheet solutions, portfolio analytics and other tools to help address new accounting standards such as IFRS 17 and CECL. Now the data, analytics and domain expertise from across our business enables us to provide insurers and asset managers with more comprehensive solutions to manage a wider set of risks. As the industry continues to evolve, our holistic approach allows us to build on our existing position in the insurance space, while at the same time provide a broader range of increasingly important analytics and insights, such as climate risk scenarios. Together, this has contributed to our ability to deliver 20% organic revenue growth over the trailing 12 months in this segment. And we're excited about the opportunity ahead to serve new and growing risk assessment use cases for insurers and asset managers, leveraging our vast data sets and analytic capabilities. I've also talked a number of times about the importance of innovating and integrating our data and analytics across our product suite. For example, this quarter, we launched an industry-first ESG Score Predictor. This offering combines Moody's ESG scoring methodology with company-specific data and predictive analytics to produce ESG scores for over 140 million small- and medium-sized enterprises. These scores allow our customers to screen ESG risks on public and private companies to monitor portfolio and supply chain risk and are a great example of integrating our SME and ESG capabilities to address a key market need, which is ESG assessment to support sustainable supply chains. Now staying on ESG for a moment, there's been a proliferation of climate-related financial disclosures over the past few years, and we recently partnered with the TCFD to provide insight on the quality of climate disclosures, leveraging our natural language processing and machine learning tools. In MIS, we expanded our proprietary ESG credit impact score coverage to companies in a broader range of industries as well as to U.S. states and cities. And we believe this is a unique offering that will allow investors to understand more clearly the impact of E, S and G on any issuer's creditworthiness and enhances our credit ratings relevance and thought leadership. In MA, as a leading provider of know-your-customer data and analytics, our customers are increasingly needing to comply with regulations relating to modern slavery and human trafficking within their supply chain. Working with various stakeholders, we added new AI-enabled features to help our customers screen and track previously undetected instances of human trafficking and modern slavery risk across their supplier base, providing an opportunity to further broaden our KYC customer base beyond financial institutions. I'm frequently asked how we are differentiating ourselves in the ESG space. So I thought I would take a minute to provide a few customer case studies that illustrate how we're combining our capabilities to meet the risk assessment needs of different customer types. In the Americas, we worked with a leading global commercial real estate firm to embed physical climate risk analysis into their global funds and client portfolios. The detail and rigor of our climate scores and data on individual properties allowed them to analyze thousands of properties in a more sophisticated and a more efficient way. In Europe, a large government agency requested our expertise on their green bond financing framework. Through our second-party opinion, we assessed that the proposed framework not only aligned with their climate and environmental agenda but also with the 2021 green bond principles. And since 2012, we provided hundreds of second-party opinions across 30 countries with over 60 second-party opinions provided just in the first half of this year. On to Asia, a large regional bank, also an existing MA customer, recently selected Moody's to create a robust framework to quantify the ESG and climate risk of customers' portfolios, leveraging our ESG assessments, ESG and climate insights and data and our ESG Score Predictor that I just talked about. They also requested in-house training on how to integrate ESG and sustainability into their in-house risk management practices. So it's a really great example of commercializing ESG and climate across our risk assessment offerings and our customer base. Before I turn it over to Mark, I also want to highlight a few examples of industry recognition that Moody's has received through the first half of this year. And these matter because they are independent third-party validation about the strength of our offerings across the firm. MIS was named Best Credit Rating Agency in multiple areas in the GlobalCapital Bond Awards and the Best Global Credit Rating Agency by Institutional Investor again. MIS was also ranked the #1 Securitization Rating Agency of the Year in the GlobalCapital European Awards. As I noted, within MA, we are investing in our products to help our customers make better decisions on a wider range of risks. Industry participants recognize the pace of our innovation, awarding MA's Credit Sentiment Score the Best AI-based Solution in the 2021 AI Breakthrough Awards. I'm pleased that we ranked #2 on Chartis' STORM Top 50, demonstrating our position at the forefront of digital transformation in our sector. Moody's ESG Solutions also won the Climate Risk Solution of the Year in Environmental Finance's Sustainable Investment Awards. I'm also enormously proud that Moody's was named a Top 50 Company for Diversity by DiversityInc. And together, these recognitions underscore our commitment to customer delivery, innovation, sustainability and diversity, equity and inclusion, all of which are critical to our sustained success. And finally, I'm thrilled that Moody's joined the Fortune 500 earlier this quarter. This milestone is a testament to the dedication our employees have shown both to our customers and to one another. And on behalf of the executive team, I would like to thank all of our employees for their ongoing efforts which contribute to these great recognitions. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Mark to provide further details on Moody's second quarter results as well as an update to our outlook for 2021.
Mark Kaye: Thank you, Rob. In the second quarter, MIS revenue increased 4%, supported by a 3% rise in transaction revenue, while global MIS rated issuance declined 16%. As a result of favorable mix, corporate finance revenue declined 4% versus a 26% decrease in issuance. This was attributable to a surge in leveraged finance activity as U.S. and EMEA issuers opportunistically refinance existing debt and funded M&A transactions. Investment-grade supply contracted compared to the prior year period, which had seen significant liquidity-driven financing caused by uncertainty over the unfolding pandemic. Financial institutions revenue rose 6%, above the 1% increase in issuance. This is due to infrequent EMEA bank issuers who sought to take advantage of the ongoing attractive rate environment. Revenue from public, project and infrastructure finance declined 2% compared to a 45% decrease in issuance as increased non-U.S. project and infrastructure activity was offset by a reduction in U.S. infrastructure supply. Structured finance revenue increased 73%, supported by an over 200% growth in issuance. This is due to approximately 200 CLO deals this quarter, our highest on record, predominantly attributable to refinancing activity. In addition, CMBS formation further bolstered overall results. MIS' adjusted operating margin expanded 230 basis points to 66.3%. This was enabled by strong revenue growth, coupled with operating efficiency initiatives and lower legal accruals, partially offset by higher reserves for 2021 incentive compensation. Moving to MA. Second quarter revenue rose 15% or 13% on an organic basis. In RD&A, revenue increased 19% or 16% on an organic basis. This is due to robust demand for KYC and compliance solutions as well as strong customer retention rates and double-digit trailing 12-month sales growth in research and data feeds. For ERS, recurring revenue rose 16%, driving overall ERS growth of 5% or 3% organically. This reflected the demand for our insurance and asset management offerings, tools supporting upcoming accounting standards implementations such as IFRS 17 as well as our SaaS-based credit assessment and origination solutions. Additionally, ERS' recurring revenue comprised 88% of second quarter revenue, up 8 percentage points from the prior year period. MA's adjusted operating margin expanded 310 basis points to 31.8%. This reflected the benefits of our recently completed restructuring program, which relates to the realization of incremental operating leverage in the quarter. Turning to Moody's full year 2021 guidance. Moody's outlook for 2021 is based on assumptions regarding many geopolitical conditions, macroeconomic and capital market factors. These include, but are not limited to, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; responses by governments, regulators, businesses and individuals as well as the effects on interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, capital markets liquidity and activity in different sectors of the debt market. The outlook also reflects assumptions regarding general economic conditions, the company's own operations and personnel as well as additional items detailed in the earnings release. Our full year 2021 guidance is underpinned by the following macro assumptions: a rise in the 2021 U.S. and euro area GDP to a range of 6% to 7% and 4% to 5%, respectively; benchmark interest rates will remain low, with U.S. high-yield spreads remaining below approximately 500 basis points; the U.S. unemployment rate will decline to under 5% by year-end; and the global high-yield default rate will fall below 2% by year-end. Our guidance also assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. Specifically, our forecast for the balance of 2021 reflects U.S. exchange rates for the British pound of $1.38 and $1.19 for the euro. These assumptions are subject to uncertainties and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Following our better-than-anticipated second quarter results, we are raising our full year 2021 guidance across several metrics. We now forecast Moody's revenue to grow in the low double-digit percent range. We maintain our expectation for expenses to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range as we balance reinvesting the benefits from our cost efficiency programs against the opportunity for future growth-oriented investments. Given our improved revenue outlook and expense stability, we now project Moody's adjusted operating margin to be approximately 51%. We raised the diluted and adjusted diluted EPS guidance ranges to $10.95 to $11.25 and $11.55 to $11.85, respectively. We increased our free cash flow forecast to be between $2.2 billion and $2.3 billion. And we anticipate full year share repurchases to remain at approximately $1.5 billion subject to available cash, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation. On prior earnings calls, Rob has detailed our integrated risk assessment strategy, of which investments and acquisitions will play an important role. To that end, we are focused on M&A opportunities in our addressable markets that will advance our strategy. As always, we don't comment on any specific potential acquisitions or divestitures, and we won't comment on any deals that we are pursuing. We have not included the impact of any future acquisitions in our current outlook, but obviously, a transaction could affect our guidance depending on the terms of any deals that we are able to reach. Under our long-held capital allocation policy, we prioritize organic and inorganic investments into the business before returning any excess cash via share repurchases. For a complete list of our guidance, please refer to Table 12 of our earnings release. Within MIS, following a strong second quarter, we now project aggregate global rated issuance to grow in the low single-digit percent range, up from our previous guidance of a low single-digit percent decline. We would like to reiterate that our guidance, similar to last quarter, does not factor in any potential impacts from the U.S. infrastructure bill proposals. We are raising our issuance forecast for leveraged loans to be up approximately 75% and for high-yield bonds to be up approximately 25%. These are meaningful increases compared to our prior outlook of up 55% and approximately flat, respectively, and is the result of better-than-expected second quarter issuance as well as ongoing favorable refinancing conditions and heightened M&A activity. We expect that the increase in leveraged loan supply will continue to drive CLO creation and are therefore also improving the structured issuance outlook to be up approximately 75%. Following a very active 2020, full year investment-grade supply is now forecast to decrease by approximately 40%. That's slightly lower than our previous guidance, which anticipated volumes to decline 30%. Also, after a surge in activity in the second quarter, we are increasing our guidance for new mandates to be in the range of 950 to 1,050. While we believe favorable market conditions will persist, we forecast issuance to moderate in the second half of the year to more of a historic sawtooth pattern as we believe many issuers will fulfill the majority of their funding needs early in the year and that liquidity-driven issuance will return to pre-pandemic levels. With our improved issuance outlook, we now estimate that MIS' revenue will increase in the high single-digit percent range. MIS' adjusted operating margin guidance remains at approximately 61% as our improved top line outlook is partially offset by higher incentive compensation accruals and an acceleration in ESG, technology and automation investments in the second half of the year. For MA, we are maintaining our low double-digit revenue growth guidance, supported by a high single-digit constant dollar organic growth given robust demand for our renewable products and stable customer retention rates, favorable movements in foreign exchange rates and tailwinds from a recent acquisition. We are raising MA's adjusted operating margin guidance to be in the range of 30% to 31% as we continue to effectively manage our expense base while accelerating strategic investment back into the business. As I mentioned previously, we are reaffirming our full year 2021 expense guidance to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Although we expect higher incentive compensation accruals associated with our improved revenue outlook, many of our cost efficiency initiatives and organic investment assumptions remain in line with our prior update. This enables us to both fund our strategic priorities and reinvest back into the business. Finally, we want to reiterate that our spending for key organic investments will be heavily weighted towards the second half of the year. Before turning the call back over to Rob, I'd like to highlight a few key takeaways. First, we successfully executed our strategic and business objectives, delivering strong results again this quarter. Second, several areas of MA, specifically KYC and compliance, research and data feeds as well as insurance and asset management provided momentum for recurring revenue growth. Third, we continue to integrate and embed our holistic E, S and G offerings within our products and solutions, enabling our stakeholders to manage an evolving set of risks. Fourth, our culture of continuous expense discipline enabled us to purposely reinvest back into the business. And finally, following a robust first half performance and the ongoing global economic recovery, we are pleased to be able to upwardly revise our 2021 financial outlook. And with that, let me turn the call back over to Rob.
Robert Fauber: Thanks, Mark. This concludes our prepared remarks. And Mark and I would be pleased to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll go ahead and take our first question from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: I guess I was just curious in terms of all the moving pieces around issuance, if you could help us with what the cadence looks like. I know you said second half will moderate, but are you assuming that 3Q continues kind of the run we've seen in 2Q and then 4Q is kind of a big, I guess we'll see what happens quarter. I was hoping any color there based on what you're seeing would be helpful.
Robert Fauber: Yes, Manav, good to have you on the call. We're now looking at low single-digit growth in global rated issuance. And obviously, that's an improvement from our outlook for low single-digit decline earlier this year. And that really is driven primarily by our improved outlook for leveraged finance and CLOs, and we have an expectation for those sectors to remain active in the second half. Year-to-date, global issuance has grown at something like 2% versus the prior year period. And while issuance conditions, we expect to remain favorable, our outlook for the second half of the year assumes moderating issuance in leveraged finance in the second half. And we just had a torrid pace of issuance in the first half. So we're looking for issuance to be roughly flattish to slightly down for the second half of the year versus up just modestly for the first half of the year.
Mark Kaye: And then we don't necessarily provide specific forecasts by quarter, but the general idea is really for MIS revenue to be slightly down in Q3 and slightly up in Q4. And that would be consistent with the historical issuance sawtooth pattern that we've seen.
Manav Patnaik: That's very helpful, Mark. And maybe if I could just follow up, Mark. I think last quarter you gave us some numbers, but I don't recollect. But I was just hoping that, obviously, there's a lot of ESG activity going on. You guys have released a lot of new products and initiatives. Can you just talk, remind us of what the run rate of ESG revenues are and how we should think about what you're targeting there?
Mark Kaye: Absolutely. Second quarter ESG revenues were up just shy of 30% compared to the same period last year, and that reflects growth both on a stand-alone basis and also how we're integrating our ESG risk metrics and analytics into our MIS and MA products. And for the full year, we're looking for roughly $21 million on a stand-alone basis and then another $5 million to $10 million from integration into the 2 business segments. I also thought I'd just spend a minute on some of the commercial and product achievements this quarter on ESG because I think they're definitely worth highlighting. First on the commercial side, we saw very strong quarterly growth in climate, primarily bank stress testing and physical climate risk assessments for commercial real estate, corporate facility and infrastructure clients. We also saw very strong market demand for SPOs, and specifically for our SPO product, which has allowed us to drive success in that sustainable finance area. And then lastly, we've introduced on the commercial side a number of EU taxonomy offerings, which are going to really enable us to gain traction and have really supported some of the key wins we had in Q2. On the product side, a couple of really interesting new products to the market. The first is we launched the Regulatory Data Solutions, which has the SFDR principal adverse indicators. And that's really important because it's going to help investors with reporting obligations under the new EU Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation. We've also introduced the climate-adjusted EDF. And that allows us to integrate directly climate scenarios, which are based on the network for the greening of the financial system into our banking and other EDF models. And then third is really the one that Rob spoke about earlier on the SME Predictor Score. This is something we're particularly proud of. We think it's a tool that's a first of its kind. It gives us a competitive edge. And most importantly, it really allows customers to access more than 140 million ESG scores, which are then integrated into our existing Moody's products like Orbis, like compliance, Catylist.
Robert Fauber: Manav, so it's still relatively early days for us in ESG. But as you get a sense from Mark's comments, there's a lot of investment and a lot of product development going on.
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Kevin McVeigh with Credit Suisse.
Kevin McVeigh: Great. And let me add my congratulations as well. There's obviously a fair amount of cash that's been accumulating on the balance sheet. I know that's a high-class problem, but any thoughts, Mark or Rob, as to kind of capital allocation just given where the current cash balance sits?
Mark Kaye: Absolutely. So first and foremost, our priority when managing the balance sheet is really to ensure the business has the capital necessary to grow and the flexibility to operate effectively. Beyond that, we're going to seek to deploy the cash on our balance sheet, consistent with our long-held capital allocation policy, first, reinvesting in our business organically and then seeking appropriate M&A targets after that and then ultimately returning capital to shareholders by way of dividends and share repurchases. We do have a very strong corporate development team, and we look at a lot of M&A opportunities, though historically, we've executed very selectively, and we'll continue to do that, and that's demonstrated by our track record. That said, we do have some interesting larger bolt-on M&A opportunities, both in our addressable markets and consistent with our prior M&A approach. And they would fit well with our industrial logic and could meaningfully accelerate our integrated risk assessment strategy by bringing in new capabilities or by enhancing our current offerings and initiatives. Our outlook doesn't specifically include the impact of any future acquisitions. So to the extent we commit spending to and are actually able to act on an M&A deal, we would assess the need to update our plans for returning capital through share repurchases at that time.
Kevin McVeigh: Super helpful. And then just a quick follow-up. Given how much success you had on the ESG side and just the incremental market, are you investing enough, fast enough? Just any thoughts around that given the amount of kind of strategic initiatives that are out there today.
Robert Fauber: Yes, Kevin, this is Rob. I do think we're -- how are you doing, good to have you on the call. I do think we're investing enough and fast enough. As I said, Mark's comments about the new products that we've been rolling out give you a sense of the breadth of product development going on. And we've got integration going on across really every part of the business. So we're very focused on investing to meet the needs of our entire customer base around ESG and climate.
Mark Kaye: And I would simply add to that, we should expect to see an acceleration in expense incurrence really in the second half of the year. As we pick up the pace of organic strategic investment, you'll see a rather large increase in third quarter vis-a-vis fourth quarter related to expenses to support those activities.
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from George Tong with Goldman Sachs.
George Tong: You mentioned that you now expect low single-digit growth in global issuance versus your prior forecast of low single-digit decline this year. How is your outlook specifically for the second half that issuance changed over the past quarter? In other words, does the updated outlook reflect just flow-through of 2Q outperformance or has your outlook for the second half also improved?
Mark Kaye: I'll start, George, really just from an EPS perspective, and then certainly, we can go further into this in more detail. So really, the primary driver of our increase in full year 2021 adjusted EPS to sort of $11.70 at the midpoint of the latest guidance range is really the reflection of the actual and expected strong operating performance of MIS of 4% in the second quarter against what we thought is a very difficult prior year comparable. We have increased our EPS outlook versus the first quarter forecast by 4 to 5 percentage points really to reflect that. If I look specifically at the year to go 2021 adjusted EPS versus the prior year period, the guidance that we provided implies that, that will be down in the low single-digit percent range, and that's really due to 3 factors. Let's say, the approximately flat implied MIS revenue outlook for the second half of the year, and we can talk more about the comps and pull forward, if you would like. Secondly is the acceleration of the strategic investments that we have into the second half of the year. And then thirdly, just a small M&A hangover, maybe 1% or so there.
Robert Fauber: Yes. And the other thing I would add is just, given what we've seen with the leveraged finance markets in the first half of the year, I think that's where you've seen our outlook for the second half of the year as we've carried some of that strength through and see an improvement versus what we had projected earlier in the year.
George Tong: Got it. That's super helpful color. And then just a quick follow-up, focusing maybe on MA, certainly strong performance there. Can you dive a little bit deeper into what's enabling success and growth there? And where you're investing and if you believe you're investing enough to sustain the growth that we've been seeing in MA?
Robert Fauber: Yes, sure. So MA has demonstrated a very strong track record for delivering kind of high single-digit organic revenue growth. And on these calls, we've been talking about some of the areas that are driving that, know your customer, obviously, one. The recurring revenue growth that we're seeing in our enterprise risk solutions, kind of risk as a service business, also in just our core MIS research and data feeds business as well as our private company data solutions. So just kind of touching on each of these a little bit to give you a sense of the nature of the demand and what's driving the growth, we talked about KYC and compliance. There's this demand for greater precision and automation of customer vetting. And we've got this emerging demand for understanding supply chain resiliency alongside that. So all of that is, we talked about in the webcast driving kind of mid-20s growth in that KYC space. Credit research and data feeds, we have some very high retention rates for that credit research, lots of demand for the data feeds. And I think that just reinforces the critical nature of that content when we're in times of market stress and uncertainty. The other thing I called out on my opening remarks, inside of ERS, you've got areas like insurance and asset management, and we thought it was worth calling out this quarter. Not only have we got ongoing demand for the IFRS 17 solutions, but increasing penetration of the buy side. This is defined benefit pension plans in the kind of risk technology and portfolio design space. And that was really enabled by our acquisition of RiskFirst. And all of this is kind of coming together and helping to drive some very good growth rates in that space. So we've got a very active product development pipeline across all of MA, and we expect we're going to continue to have opportunities to fill in product gaps and extend our capabilities to support ongoing growth.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan: I wanted to ask about the ERS business. We've had about 3 straight quarters of low single-digit growth. And I know a lot of this is related to lower onetime sales. But I guess when does that fully get worked through? And like when you look at sort of next year and beyond, what's sort of a normal baseline growth rate for this business?
Robert Fauber: Toni, good to have you on the call. The key figure this quarter for ERS is recurring revenue growth, the recurring revenue growth rate. And that represented about 88% of total ERS revenue in the quarter. That's why we're so focused on that number. And recurring revenue in ERS was up 15% on an as reported basis and something like 9% on an organic constant dollar basis. And looking at the drivers of that recurring revenue growth, we had double-digit recurring revenue growth in both insurance and our risk and finance solutions. And I talked a bit just a minute ago about what's driving our growth in the insurance space. In risk and finance solutions, we've seen customers continuing to leverage a range of different offerings. We've got products, RiskCalc, RiskFrontier, all the support, credit loss reporting requirements and asset and liability and balance sheet management and our recent acquisition of ZM Financial enhanced that. Toni, you're right, so 15% recurring revenue, but overall revenue growth was 5% in the quarter. And that 15% recurring revenue growth was dampened by an almost 40% contraction in onetime business at ERS. And to the last part of your question, in regards to onetime revenue. I mean, we've got increasing customer preference for SaaS solutions. So that's naturally going to lead to a continued decline in our onetime revenue for the foreseeable future. That said, I would expect that the rate of decline for onetime revenue will decelerate in 2022 and eventually level off at some relatively de minimis level for our ERS business overall. We will still have some customers who want on-prem solutions, and we may decide to service that. But I think you're going to see that decline decelerate and then level off sometime next year.
Mark Kaye: And maybe, Toni, just to add a couple of numbers around that, think about onetime revenue at least for 2021 for both RD&A and the ERS lines of business as being around $20 million a quarter.
Toni Kaplan: Very helpful. And then I wanted to turn to my favorite topic, MIS margins. Slide 22 was really helpful with the bridge for the overall versus the prior guide and from last year's expenses. But when I look at it, first half MIS adjusted operating margins were 67%. You're guiding to, I think, 61% for the year. So that implies like 53% margins in the back half. So this is obviously way below last year's margins, and last year included some nonrecurring items like severance and some extra incentive comp, and I know you're building in sort of more incentive comp in second half. But just how should we think about pacing of investment spend? How much of this is conservatism? Like just what are the pieces there?
Mark Kaye: Sure. Our updated guidance for the full year 2021 MIS adjusted operating margin, to your point, is approximately 61%. And that is 130 basis points higher than the actual 2020 adjusted operating margin of 59.7%. That is in addition to the MIS margin expanding by another 170 basis points in 2020. In the first quarter, we spoke about the primary drivers of our MIS margin. And what we're seeing in Q2, which we're partly flowing through to our full year outlook, is again an increase in operating leverage above a normalized run rate, and that's driven by better-than-expected issuance volumes and mix. It's underpinned by the expense discipline that you're observing. And it's important to keep in mind that we are planning to deploy part of that operating leverage really towards strategic investments in the second half to advance ESG capabilities, our technology stack, and it's really for the benefit of our customers to do that. We expect those actions really will bring down the third and fourth quarter MIS margin, to your point, below the 61% that we're guiding to for the full year. It's also worth just finally noting that MIS is carrying additional incentive compensation accruals associated with the better-than-expected issuance that will reset in 2022. So if we think about combining some of the onetime costs and incentive comp, the key point that I'm making here is that the go-forward expense run rate for 2022 is going to look a lot more like the first half of this year than necessarily what we might see in the second half of this year.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alexander Kramm: Just coming back to the issuance, MIS outlook, I kind of want to ask a little bit more holistically. And I think if you put the last 12 months into context, I think everybody on this call, including you guys and myself, to be honest, of course, was obviously grossly wrong by a wide margin in terms of how the environment played out, right? So I think things have definitely been a lot better than everybody had thought. And so I'm just curious, from your perspective, as a manager, like how do you -- what would you isolate as like the biggest factors that have driven that upside? And when you think about the next 12, 24 months, how do you feel about that? Like how do you think that outlook has changed? Like do you feel much less confident now that some of these upside drivers that you've seen can continue to play out? And if so, which ones would they be?
Robert Fauber: Alex, it's Rob. Maybe let me talk a little bit about how we think about kind of the upside and downside to issuance. And you're right, it's been quite challenging to forecast for all of us. And then I might also touch on this question around pull forward because I think there's a bit of that at play and it gets into how we start to think about the outlook on a go-forward basis. But obviously, we've seen very strong activity in leveraged finance. And that's -- I think that's also part of the key in terms of how we're thinking about the second half of the year in terms of the issuance outlook. We've anticipated that there is some moderating of leveraged finance issuance in the second half of the year, as I said earlier, from the very, very strong levels we've seen in the first half. But if post-Labor Day, we see financing costs and market conditions where they are now and a continuation of the kind of issuance that we have seen for the last few months, particularly in leveraged loans, that could present some upside. Infrastructure, and I understand there may be some breaking news around potential agreement or bipartisan agreement around an infrastructure bill. I think it may have some impact in 2021, but more likely to have a positive impact to issuance in 2022. Then as I kind of think about the downside, and I was certainly hoping we were done with this topic, but any escalation of impact from another wave of infections or restrictions due to the Delta variant, I have to note we've got a potentially challenging comparable for the second half of the year. We had a very strong third quarter last year as spreads have tightened, and that even continued into the fourth quarter, and we had a pretty strong end to the year. Any increase in equity market volatility, that leveraged finance activity is often correlated to equity market conditions and equity market volatility. So that's something we're going to watch and of course, any market disruptions due to an unanticipated trajectory of inflation or interest rates.
Alexander Kramm: Okay. Great. And then maybe just shifting gears here quickly. I'm curious about some of the proactive M&A commentary you've made in particular, the comment around larger bolt-ons. So I would love you to define some of that a little bit more. I mean, with BvD, I think you did the largest deal in history. But when you talk about larger bolt-ons, can you dimensionalize like how big something like this could be and what capacity you have? And then maybe related to that, it would be great if you can just remind us what you're looking for in terms of growth of some of these companies. You've done a great job doing some of these smaller deals and really accelerated them. But if you're talking about larger bolt-ons, I mean, is this something that also needs to accelerate the top line growth or is a lot of accretion, something that you care about? Like maybe just remind us, I mean, you have an M&A history yourself, right? Like what do you look for financially?
Robert Fauber: Yes. So Alex, maybe I'll first kind of clarify what I think of and I think what Mark means when we say larger bolt-on. I think of our acquisitions of RDC and Bureau van Dijk as a range of larger bolt-on deals. And I know we've provided -- we've got a number of questions about M&A over the last couple of quarters on these calls, and certainly, I refer everybody back to that. But I'm going to come back to, we're very focused on M&A opportunities in our addressable markets that are what I call on strategy and that are going to advance our risk assessment capabilities to better serve our customers' evolving needs. And you've seen us make acquisitions of high-value data and analytics that are critical to customer workflows and risk processes. That's why they end up having such high retention rates. We've been pretty clear about the areas where we're investing and building scale businesses, that is KYC and financial crime, where I think we've already made some very significant investments and as a result, have a very strong position in that market. Private company data, CRE data and analytics, commercial real estate is an area that we've talked about on and off over these calls. And we see a large end market and demand from our customers. And then, of course, ESG and climate. And climate in particular, climate is an area where there's a lot of near-term demand to understand the physical risk related to climate change from our customers. Within our ERS business, there are some further opportunities to continue to build out a more comprehensive offering for banks and expanding our offerings for insurance companies. You saw us do that with a very small acquisition of ZM Financial. We're doing that both organically and inorganically and building on both our existing customer base and growth in this space. So hopefully, that gives you some color.
Mark Kaye: And Alex, just to the second part of your question, from a capacity perspective, we are continuing to anchor our capital allocation and cash positioning policies really around that BBB+ rating. To give you a feel, our own Moody's calculation puts our net debt as of the end of the quarter at roughly $3.4 billion, $3.5 billion against a trailing 12-month adjusted operating income of around $3 billion. So we're looking at roughly 1.1x at this point.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: Could you please give us an update on the strategy and outlook of your business in China? So there are some news recently coming out from China. Could you please talk about if there is any like potential impact that could change Moody's view on China, if there's any?
Robert Fauber: Owen, it's Rob. Good to have you on the call. I think Mark and I will talk about a few of the developments that are going on in China. One of them, I think, you may be referring to is the data security law. And I guess, I would first say just as an integrated risk assessment business, policy developments, including those like on data security are very important factors that we consider for China and elsewhere for that matter and the impact both for Moody's and our customers. For just a little background for everybody on the call, China passed a new data security law in early June that's going to become effective, I believe, in September. And that law has some certain requirements around the localization of data and data transfer beyond China. And I don't think that it is going to impact our ratings business, but it has a broad scope, and the language of the law means it could impact other parts of our business as well as our customers and suppliers over time. But I guess I would say, Owen, that impact is going to depend on how we see these regulations being interpreted by the market and also how they're implemented by authorities. And that's going to take some time to play out. So we'll have to see. So as it relates to our long-term strategy in China, I don't think it changes it at this point. But Mark, anything to add to that?
Mark Kaye: Yes. Maybe very briefly, just to also note the regulators in both the exchange and the interbank markets did amend policies to remove the mandatory bond rating requirements on nonfinancial bonds over the last couple of months as well as the mandatory requirement for disclosure of credit rating reports for public issuance. Those regulatory changes may have a negative short-term impact on domestic CRA revenue. However, it's positive sort of from that medium to long-term perspective in transforming the current regulatory demand for ratings into a more sustainable market or investor-driven demand.
Owen Lau: Okay. That's very helpful. I want to quickly go back to some of the reinvestments in MA in particular on KYC and CRE, Rob and Mark, you just mentioned. Do you expect these investments to drive top line growth maybe this year or next year? Or are those investments will increase the stickiness of your products? I'm trying to understand better how investors can think about the ROI of these expenses.
Robert Fauber: Yes. Look, both, I think, is the answer. We're certainly making enhancements to our existing products. But we're also rolling out -- we're also rolling out new products. And maybe since you mentioned it, let me just touch on commercial real estate, just to give you a sense, Owen, of what we're doing because it's a major asset class for our financial institution and investor customers. And that's why we really decided that we wanted to build out our capabilities here. And what we're hearing from customers is all about the integration of a range of data and insights and analytics to give them better insights and make better decisions, especially if that asset class is rapidly evolving. And the thing about commercial real estate, the investing and lending workflows have historically been pretty fragmented and manual. And that became particularly challenging amidst the COVID stress. So you know that a few years ago, we made an acquisition of a company to give us market and property data, but now we are making investments in lending and investing -- to help with lending and investing decision-making. And so there's a good bit of internal product build as well as we supplemented that. We made an acquisition earlier in the year to give us more listings data. So I think you are going to see an expansion of the product array in these areas as well as enhancements of existing products.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets.
Jeffrey Silber: We hear and read a lot about the tight labor market in the United States. And I know in some other countries, you're seeing that as well. Is that impacting you at all, specifically maybe for some of the customer service reps or some of the lower-level positions? I'm just curious.
Robert Fauber: Yes. Like every company, we've seen a bit of an uptick in employee turnover as the pandemic drags on and job opportunities, I think, have increased. But to address that, we're doing a number of things, and that includes updating our market benchmarking to make sure that we're compensating our employees competitively and fairly. And it also very importantly includes giving our employees the flexibility they want and need in this environment.  Our employees as well as prospective employees, so these are our recruits, have made it very clear to us that workplace flexibility is a very important part of their overall calculus when they are thinking about either staying at or joining a firm. So we see our flexible approach as a competitive advantage for talent relative to some financial institutions that have mandated 5 days a week back in the office. I would also say that our employees greatly value diversity, equity and inclusion, so that they can be their authentic selves and be at their best. And we have really prioritized initiatives to support DE&I. And I think the last thing is that employees also really want to work somewhere where they connect with the mission. And our employees come to work every day in support of our purpose as a company, and we talk about that being to provide clarity, knowledge and fairness to an interconnected world. And those aren't just words. They are at the heart of everything that we do. Our people are enormously committed to that purpose. And so that, I think, is also something that has a strong retentive effect for us.
Jeffrey Silber: Okay. That's really helpful. And then, Mark, one for you. You were very helpful providing quarterly guidance on the expense side. Can we get any color on the revenue side, what the cadence should be in 3Q and 4Q?
Mark Kaye: Yes, certainly, very happy to give you a general idea. I would look for really MIS revenue to be slightly down in the third quarter and then slightly up in the fourth quarter. And that's really driven by the historical issuance sawtooth pattern. You could think about similarity issuances being sort of down mid-single digits in Q3 based on our guidance and maybe up mid-single digits based on guidance in the fourth quarter. In terms of expenses, definitely, you'll see an acceleration in the third quarter relative to the prior year comparable and then expenses should be approximately flat in Q4. And that, of course, takes into account our accelerated strategic organic investments that we spoke about earlier.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: I, likewise, had a couple of questions on cost first, if I could. Mark, I think you said earlier on that we should expect costs next year to be more like your second half of '21 costs as opposed to lower first half of the year cost. Did I hear that right? And along the same lines I want to ask, incentive comp, I think that was $61 million in the first quarter. What was the second quarter? What's your outlook? And then I have a follow-up, if I could.
Mark Kaye: Sure. Just to clarify my earlier question on costs was specifically related to MIS. You should expect next year to look more like the first half of this year, just emphasizing that in the second half of 2021, we will be investing a lot in the business. In terms of incentive compensation, we accrued for the second quarter of 2021 approximately $81 million in incentive comp. And you should expect to see between $65 million and $70 million per quarter of accrual for Q3 and Q4 this year, purely driven by improved full year revenue and margin outlook. And just as a point of reference, that will be lower than the actual incentive comp accruals we took in the third and fourth quarter of 2020.
Craig Huber: My other question I want to ask, what's your outlook for RMBS, CMBS and CLOs as you sort of think out here over the next year given the strength you've seen here and the added stock of bank loans output, please?
Robert Fauber: Yes, Craig. So maybe let me just start by talking about structured finance in the quarter and then give you some sense of what's contributing to our outlook. Our second quarter structured finance revenue in MIS was up almost 75%. And securitization activity kind of across the board was just very elevated, as Mark talked about earlier, a very active market in CLOs in part because you've got, obviously, an enormous amount of leveraged loan supply but also a lot of refinancing activity, and that's refinancing even of the 2000 vintage given the tightening of spreads in the CLO market, something like 70% of CLOs in this past quarter were refi. CMBS, which obviously kind of ground to a halt last year for a little while, we've also seen that rebound. That's primarily due to commercial real estate CLO transactions. And we saw spreads there continue to tighten and just the overall improvement in market conditions, and that brought back some -- a number of issuers who are on the sidelines. On U.S. and ABS -- sorry, U.S. ABS and RMBS activity, they're at probably the highest levels that we've seen in something like 8 quarters. And overall issuance in RMBS remains quite strong across the board. Spreads are still tight. There's been a little bit of widening recently due to all the supply, but nothing, I think, particularly immaterial. And in terms of talking to bankers in this space, Craig, we're hearing they don't see many signs of this softening or slowing down. Obviously, we're going to want to wait and see as we get through the kind of what will probably be a little bit slower August. But overall, ABS fundamentals are expected to continue to improve. We just got a lot of pent-up demand in that space and a general improvement in economic activity. And that the last thing I would say, Craig, that's contributing to our updated outlook on structured finance issuance for the year.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Andrew Nicholas with William Blair.
Andrew Nicholas: Just wanted to ask a follow-up on one of your answers earlier in terms of the ESG product lineup. I know you rolled out Climate Solutions that suite in March and the ESG score predictor this quarter. I guess I'm hoping you'd spend some time talking about which client types are most interested in those products today. And then whether or not you have an opinion on how kind of the consumers of those products might evolve over time? And to the extent that, that would expand the addressable market for that business?
Robert Fauber: Sure. So maybe let me start with kind of where did this market start. And that -- as we think about the customer base, I think it really started with investors who are focused on socially responsible investing. And then that has obviously mainstreamed to equity and fixed income investors globally who wanted ESG content, right, for portfolio construction and portfolio monitoring.  The customer base is now broadening out to essentially all of our customer types. So that includes not only investors but financial institutions, corporates and corporates that also includes issuers as well as governments. And I think the key theme here, Andrew, is that you're seeing the demand for integration of ESG. And considerations into a very wide range of customer processes.  And -- like I said, that's everything from portfolio construction and monitoring, but you've got corporates who are engaged in sustainable finance and managing sustainable supply chains. You've got banks wanting to understand the ESG and climate risks of their borrowers and of the collateral that they are taking at securing their loans. You've got governments who are wanting to inform risk mitigation and investment around the physical risk related to climate change. And so that's why you hear us talking so much about integration across our entire product suite.
Andrew Nicholas: Perfect. That's really helpful. And then maybe somewhat relatedly for my follow-up. I was hoping you could give us an update on some of the Moody's specific kind of ESG initiatives underway and progress there is obviously an important topic for all investors, as you mentioned in the answer to the prior question.
Mark Kaye: Yes. As I think about Moody's specific ESG initiatives, we are very well positioned to help answer ESG-related questions for the business and to be able to bring transparency to the equity to fixed income and the sustainability markets more broadly. But let me touch on just a couple of areas that I think are of interest.  The first is within our ESG research data and analytic products. One of our competitive differentiators is our focus on dual materiality versus just financial materiality. And that's because we've really built a combination of technology-enabled scoring and analytical overlays for the assessments that we're doing to be able to deliver really reliable, high-quality insights for our customers.  The second area where we're very strong is on the physical risk assessment for climate, And that's both on the operational risk, whether it's looking at asset level data on exposure to flood, heat, stress, hurricanes, et cetera, as well as on the supply chain risk and sort of how that market risk capturing companies sort of resource use. The third 1 I mentioned is sustainable ratings, we are very strong, very active the first and second quarter for our insights on our product.  And then finally, to the point that Rob made earlier, just integrating that into our MA product suite. It's certainly a differentiator for us. Now what we are hearing from clients directly and maybe to short that client quotes here, tailor-made solutions with access to ESG analytics and excellent subject matter experts.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets.
Ashish Sabadra: Congrats on solid results. I just wanted to focus on your private company data initiatives. Thanks for including the slide and the details on KYC and compliance, which obviously has been a strong area of growth. But I was just wondering if you can discuss the traction for other use cases for private company data and also talk about some of the organic and inorganic initiatives going forward to further expand your footprint in the private company data.
Robert Fauber: Good to have you on the call. You're right. I mean the kind of biggest and fastest-growing use case for a private company data is around know your customer. And as I mentioned earlier, we're starting to see emerging demand around addressing supply chain risks. So I might call that out. But our private company data fuels a whole range of both of use cases. And a few examples, tax and transfer pricing, trade credit, master data management, digital marketing, corporate development and the list goes on.  And we're seeing some very good growth across the entire portfolio. The other thing I would say is we're integrating that data into a number of our different offerings.  So for instance, you think about commercial real estate, when our customers are saying, "Hey, look, we want to have a more holistic understanding around the properties that we're either investing in or lending on -- as you can imagine, one of the key things to understand is the profile of the tenants in those buildings. So we're able to leverage that data. We're able now to have, with the ESG Predictor Score, give insights into the ESG profile of the tenants and of course, the credit profile of the tenants. We're also integrating that content into our ERS offerings. As you imagine, we've got our commercial banking customers who like the idea of being able to get that data into their origination platforms to enhance their own efficiency. So they're just -- there are a whole range of different ways that we are monetizing this data beyond KYC, and that's driving some very nice growth for us.
Ashish Sabadra: That's very helpful pillar. And just on a follow-up. I wanted to ask about your cross-sell opportunity, particularly on the insurance and asset management side? Again, thanks for including that slide and talking about the holistic offering there. But the question there was how well are you penetrated? How much more opportunity there is to upsell, cross-sell into your existing customer base?
Robert Fauber: Ashish, you're speaking specifically of insurance? Do I have that right?
Ashish Sabadra: Yes, insurance and asset management or if you want to talk in generality also like how well the offerings are penetrated and how much more room there is to just upsell cross-sell that necessarily going after new logos.
Robert Fauber: Yes. I guess maybe I'd start by just highlighting that our current insurance franchise is primarily focused on life insurance. And there are some. So as you can imagine, there's some reasonably good synergies between life insurance and asset management and kind of buy side. And so we've been able to expand our product offerings, first of all, by leveraging kind of those combined capabilities. And as we've seen insurance customers take one product, that gives us an opportunity then to cross-sell in multiple products.  I talked about we started with regulatory compliance -- regulatory reporting, I think Solvency II, right, and then we evolved into actuarial modeling. And that's a very, very important function at life insurance companies. And then we developed these products around IFRS 17 and CECL.  So what happens is kind of a land and expand strategy here, where we've got insurance companies who are taking one of these products and then increasingly taking multiple products.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: I want to circle back to some of the questions that were asked before, specifically Owen's question, just what's going on in China right now. I mean, in the media, it's reporting characterizing it as kind of a crackdown risk. It's more than just specific laws about some of the data privacy in terms of the regulatory environment becoming increasingly tight. I mean it's been commercial real estate finance, e-commerce, ride hailing, like education. Just how do you think about that in the context of your business both operationally in terms of operating in China and then also from a ratings perspective in terms of being able to rate the various businesses that are out there and what these changes in the regulatory environment might mean for your own recommendations.
Robert Fauber: Yes. Certainly, it's an evolving landscape. And we've all got to navigate these changes. We've done that, and we'll continue to do that in China. And I guess I would say that given the atmospherics also in U.S.-Sino relations, and I'm going to talk now about our approach to the domestic rating market because we get a lot of questions on these calls and other investor meetings. I continue to remain comfortable with our approach to the domestic ratings market, and that is to work through leading Chinese players because I think it is going to be challenging for wholly owned American companies to achieve leadership positions in nationally important industries in China over the medium and even long term.  And certainly, what's going on today, I think, reinforces that view. In regards to the U.S. government's recent business advisory relating to U.S. companies operating in Hong Kong, obviously, Hong Kong is a very important business hub for us. As it relates to the substance of that advisory, I guess I would just say that we've got contingency plans in place for all sorts of potential business issues for our offices all over the world, and Hong Kong is no different.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. And then just going back a little bit over here in terms of like -- I think Toni was asking about this on ERS. How much of ERS is still being impacted by the ability of your people to go over to clients and meet with in face of phase, get the implementations done. There definitely was kind of a lag in the business because of their ability to do that. I was wondering how much are you still being impacted by that? And are you seeing a change in momentum recently?
Robert Fauber: Yes. We talked about this when the pandemic unfolded in regards to kind of the big implementations, the on-prem, which as I talked about, is a much smaller part of our business now than it was. But that is the part that I think was more impacted by not being able to be on site. It's just the complexity of some of these on-prem solutions and installations, which I think challenged by being virtual. But I would say that we've done a great job of adapting to virtual engagement with our customers. And you see that from not only the recurring revenue growth, but our sales of the SaaS solutions in that business. So I think you're going to -- I think part of what is contributing to that, fairly significant decline in onetime is what you are touching on. But like I said, in terms of overall engagement with our customers, we've done a great job of adapting virtually.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Can I sneak in one more?
Mark Kaye: Please, Shlomo, go ahead.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: It's just a real quick one. Just on Cortera, it looks like you've generated $3 million of revenue in the quarter. Is that a good run rate to assume for the whole year? Is that like a $12 million revenue business?
Mark Kaye: Absolutely. If I think about specifically Cortera and some of the other acquisitions that we've done, we feel pretty comfortable that the pace that we're executing at makes a lot of sense for our business and the direction in which we're going. And so I'd be comfortable again, same for you to assume sort of that level. If I just widen the aperture a little bit for the year, we're really looking for the 2021 M&A impact on our revenue number, inclusive of Cortera but not including RDC, to be around $44 million for the full year.
Robert Fauber: And I would also say that that's a very small bit of our overall data solutions business. And increasingly, what you're going to see is just that data they have is going to be integrated and into a variety of our different products. So we're not going to be particularly focused on the individual Cortera results, we're much more focused on what it's doing to support our broader data solutions business.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: I appreciate we've been going for a while, so I'll stay to one question. The Biden administration's nominee for Assistant Treasury Secretary for Financial Institutions, Graham Steel, has previously called for the SEC to enact structural reforms on your industry, credit rating agency industry, in particular.  What's the current nature of your dialogue with the SEC and the Biden administration? And are you incrementally more concerned about potentially disruptive regulations?
Robert Fauber: Patrick, thanks for the question. And I guess I'd first say, as you expect, we have an active dialogue with our regulators and policymakers, both in the U.S. and around the world. And from time to time, our business model has been the subject of discussion by policymakers and it's been carefully studied in multiple jurisdictions. That goes back well over a decade. Most recently in 2020, there was an SEC advisory group that represented a broad cross-section of the market.  And the conclusions have remained the same, which is allowing for a range of business models allows the market to function efficiently and effectively. And I would say that over the past decade, policymakers have substantially strengthened the regulatory framework around our industry. And we, as a company, and I believe, as an industry, have strengthened the processes and internal controls we have in place to manage conflicts of interest and provide the market with very high levels of confidence and transparency around our business.  And we operate under a very robust regulatory oversight regime. We're going to continue to focus on maintaining policies and procedures that meet our regulatory requirements and provide the market with credit ratings that are independent and transparent and of the highest quality.  And I guess I would conclude, Patrick, with saying over the last 18 months, as you'd imagine, I've met with a lot of issuers and investors and policymakers and regulators. And I think in general, the feedback is that we have done an excellent job at managing ratings throughout what I think I would characterize as kind of the ultimate stress test for credit ratings, which is the pandemic. And I believe that the market feels that it's been well served by the credit rating agency industry over the last decade.
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Judah Sokel with JPMorgan.
Judah Sokel: I appreciate you sneaking in here at the end. Earlier, you touched on MIS margins, particularly the delta between revenues being raised in the outlook, but not margins.  I was wondering if you could talk about the MA margins where you kind of have the opposite dynamic, revenue guidance staying the same, but margin guidance was listed. So I was wondering what was happening over there, what you're seeing to change that outlook.
Mark Kaye: Maybe I'll start a little bit with some context here. So MA is focused on top line renewable growth through organic strategic investments, and that's really given the large opportunity set that we have in front of us, while concurrently looking to ensure margin expansion and profitability. And historically, we've done that, right? You've seen sort of that over -- or nearly 500 basis points of expansion since 2017.  We have raised our MA fully allocated adjusted operating margin guidance to 30% to 31%, and that's 60 to 160 basis points higher than the 2020 actual number of 29.4%.  If I think about the components of that, you see core margin expansion going up by approximately 230 basis points. And that's going to be offset by a combination of M&A that we've already done and organic investments that we've done and we plan to do of around 140 basis points that sort of gets us to that midpoint of 1 20. So we see a very strong leverage coming through in terms of the guide for the full year.
Operator: We'll take our next question again from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Mark, I wanted to go back to costs for a second here. once we hopefully get past this COVID-19 environment here, can you give us some help on how to think about your annualized costs that you think will come back in the system in terms of employees fully back in the office? Or how are we going to do that in terms of T&E expenses? So is it sort of like a $100 million rough number that will come back in the system once we get through this pandemic versus what we're tracking at right now?
Mark Kaye: So Craig, maybe a little bit of context and then I'll get to the specifics of your question. So most importantly, I think we as the management team are very pleased to highlight that disciplined expense management continues to create and maintain operating leverage and investment capacity for our business.  If I think about just as an interesting comparison in answering your question, if I talk about sort of the first half of the year versus the second half of the year. So first half of the year, we saw operating expenses effectively up 5% year-over-year. And within that 5%, the underlying operating expenses, excluding M&A and FX, were effectively flat. And the reason for that was really because of some of the programs that we've implemented, which does include some T&E savings, but think about the 2020 real estate rationalization program, savings from the 2020 MA restructuring plan, which ended this quarter, the offshoring initiatives that we've engaged in really holding those operating expenses for the first half of the year effectively to 2-0 percent.  M&A was about 3% and then FX was about 2%, and that's how you get to that 5% number for the first half of the year. Contrast that to the second half of the year, we are looking for operating expenses, excluding M&A and FX, to really try to -- to really accelerate -- and if we think about the mid-single-digit guide that we provided this morning, about half of that is really due to that underlying core operating expense growth. M&A is probably 2-ish percent of that and maybe FX maybe 1%. And so that gets us to really the expense ramp for the year. And we're looking at somewhere between $80 million to $90 million, and that would take into account all the additional incentive compensation accruals and any accelerated organic initiatives, investments in the second half.
Craig Huber: And I'm sorry, but then once we look at the cost that right now, annualize, however you want to do it, versus when we get through this COVID-19 environment, how much extra cost of people come back when you have employees back in the office. You have T&E where you think is a reasonable level -- I'm assuming it's not going to get back 100% where it was pre-pandemic, but it's not going to be 0. If you add those two nuggets together, it's an extra roughly $100 million. How should we think about that in your mind or roughly 3% of cost?
Mark Kaye: So Craig, I appreciate the follow-up question. I was trying not to address that specifically given we're sort of in July, and we've got a little bit of time to go before the end of the year in which we provide our full year outlook for 2022.  Just to give you a sense, the T&E this year is probably around 1/4 of what it would have been in 2019. So certainly, the run rate of T&E that we're expecting for the year is much lower. We do anticipate a portion of that coming back.  But to Rob's comments earlier around the way that we think about workplace of the future and workplace flexibility, we have learned to operate in a more effective and efficient manner.  We've also executed a number of procurement and other offshoring activities that have generated savings. And I realize the $100 million you're quoting is really based off of the $80 million to $100 million in cost efficiencies that we telegraphed previously. Some of those efficiencies will be redeployed back into investing in the business, and some will ultimately flow through to the bottom line, and we'll give a clearer update of that delineation when we do the outlook probably in February next year.
Operator: All right. It appears there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Fauber, I'd like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Robert Fauber: I just want to thank everybody for joining today's call and enjoy the rest of the summer. Be well and we look forward to speaking with you again in the fall.
Operator: This concludes Moody's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the Investor Resources section of the Moody's IR home page. Additionally, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 p.m. Eastern Time on Moody's IR website. Thank you very much.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 11:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Moody's Corporation First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shivani Kak: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss Moody's first quarter 2021 results and our revised outlook for full year 2021. I'm Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the first quarter of 2021 as well as our outlook for full year 2021. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Rob Fauber, Moody’s President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Mark Kaye, Moody's Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures referenced during this call and GAAP. I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the SEC's website. These, together with the safe harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I will now turn the call over to Rob Fauber.
Rob Fauber: Thanks, Shivani. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining today's call. I'm going to begin by providing a general update on the business, including Moody's first quarter 2021 financial results. And following my commentary, Mark Kaye will provide some further details on our first quarter 2021 performance as well as our revised 2021 outlook. And after our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to take any questions. Moody's delivered strong financial results in the first quarter of 2021, revenue growth of 24% and an increase in adjusted diluted EPS of 49%, supported by strong performance from both Moody's Investor Service and Moody's Analytics. Improving economic fundamentals and increased M&A activity drove robust issuance in the first quarter, particularly in the leveraged loan and high-yield bond markets. MIS generated over $1 billion in revenue, and that was up 30% over the prior year period. MA's best-in-class subscription-based products and solutions drove revenue growth of 14% in the quarter. And amidst this growth, we're reinvesting back into our business by introducing new offerings, and integrating our recent acquisitions. As a result of our strong performance in the quarter, we've updated our full year 2021 guidance, and we now project Moody's revenue to increase in the high single-digit percent range. Additionally, we've raised and narrowed our adjusted diluted EPS guidance to be in the range of $11 to $11.30. Now turning to first quarter results. This is the first time that MIS' revenue has exceeded $1 billion in a single quarter, while MA has delivered its 53rd consecutive quarter of growth. Moody's adjusted operating income rose 41% to $914 million, and the adjusted operating margin expanded 680 basis points to 57.1%. Adjusted diluted EPS was $4.06, again, up 49%. Now we could not have accomplished these great results without the hard work and dedication of our employees across the world. So on behalf of the entire management team, I'd like to express our appreciation and say thank you. I would also like to acknowledge the continued challenges faced by many of our employees across the globe due to ongoing pandemic conditions and especially our colleagues in India. Now turning back to the first quarter. Issuance volumes reached their highest level in over a decade. While all sectors were active, leveraged finance was really the busiest of all asset classes with leveraged loans and high-yield bond issuance increasing by 94% and 85%, respectively. Now typically, it's unusual for both leveraged loans and high-yield bonds to experience this amount of growth in the same quarter. Issuers tend to favor one type of debt type over the other, depending on their outlook. But attractive refinancing opportunities as well as improving M&A activity supported both fixed and floating rate issuance this quarter. And additionally, CLO market rebounded from a quiet 2020 as issuers refinanced their existing securitizations to take advantage of tighter spreads. Now the strength in the leveraged finance issuance in the first quarter stemmed primarily from an improving outlook for corporate defaults. In January, the global speculative-grade default rate was expected to end the year at just under 5%. And by early April, this outlook had improved to approximately 3% to 4%. That was due to a more positive economic backdrop. And these lower default expectations led to tighter credit spreads and keeping the overall cost of borrowing low despite an increase in benchmark rates, and this created an attractive environment for opportunistic refinancing and M&A-driven issuance. We're often asked about what informs our longer-term views of issuance. And we've shown a version of this graph on the slide before. In fact, I think I showed it in our 2018 Investor Day. And as you can see, the data shows that historically, GDP is one of the best predictive indicators of issuance over the longer term. While this relationship may not hold in any one year, there is a clear correlation that issuance tracks GDP growth over time, and we expect this to remain true going forward. Now that makes intuitive sense as healthy economies promote business growth and capital investment and also provides a positive backdrop for our business over the medium term. Focusing on 2021, we still expect overall issuance to decline, albeit modestly from 2020's pandemic-related surge, and it will still be above the prior 5-year average. Investment-grade issuance, which grew the most in 2020 is expected to face the toughest comparable. However, with GDP expanding segments of the debt market most sensitive to improvements in the economy, like leveraged loans and structured finance are expected to show corresponding strength. And Mark will provide some further details on our issuance forecast by asset class later in the call. Now moving to MA. We're driving robust organic growth across multiple products and solutions. Credit research and data feeds delivered low double-digit growth, driven by continued demand for ratings data feeds, coupled with strong retention rates. KYC and compliance is growing in line with our mid-20% expectations, and that's led by our compliance catalyst and supply chain solutions. And we're continuing to grow in insurance and asset management. In addition to our IFRS 17 offerings, we're expanding our footprint with the buy side, benefiting from the enhanced solutions suite that we obtained as part of our RiskFirst acquisition in 2019. In keeping with the theme of collaborating and modernizing and innovating that I discussed on the fourth quarter earnings call, I want to highlight a few recent examples that speak to how we're meeting our customers' evolving needs. Starting with ESG and climate. We're integrating ESG across all aspects of the business. In the first quarter, we launched a tool that provides climate-adjusted credit scores for approximately 37,000 public companies. In addition, building on our partnership with Euronext, our data powered the launch of their CAC 40 ESG index. In MIS, our analysts are enhancing our ESG analysis with the launch of ESG scores and tools, and that includes our proprietary ESG credit impact score that identifies the impact of ESG factors on a credit rating. And our first batch of scores now cover the entire rated sovereign universe. On prior earnings calls, we've discussed how we're integrating artificial intelligence and machine learning and natural language processing into our products to make them better and faster. One example is QUIQspread. It's our automated financial spreading tool that's now used by scores of banks around the globe. This tool has helped customers substantially reduce both the time and cost spent spreading financial statements. And it's won multiple awards, including best AI Technology Initiative at the 2020 American Financial Technology Awards. Another area where we're using innovative technology is sentiment analysis and scoring capabilities. Our customers tell us they need our help with early warning indicators that filter the signal from the noise. We're delivering monitoring tools to analyze new stories to understand sentiment across thousands of media outlets, and we're seeing increased interest in this use case across our customer base. Our acquisition of Acquire Media has further enhanced our efforts in this space, and we'll touch on that more in a moment. In addition to innovating for our customers, we're modernizing our own technology infrastructure to deliver greater operational efficiency and agility. Just last week, we were proud to be recognized with an honorable mention in the Red Hat Innovation Awards for the open source platform and agile process that we implemented within the rating agency. Now turning to our recent acquisitions. We're making some good progress integrating and leveraging the capabilities that we acquired to enhance our offerings. For example, we integrated information and screening capabilities into our KYC solutions, specifically within our flagship private company database known as Orbis. We're giving customers curated information on individuals and companies in one place and dramatically improving their ability to make better KYC decisions and saving countless hours in the process. And as I mentioned a few moments ago, the Acquire Media acquisition has accelerated our ability to generate scores that interpret the sentiment implied in news stories. We've already integrated the content from Acquire Media into multiple products. That's improving our customers' ability to put facts into context to focus their monitoring efforts and consider risks in a more holistic way. In commercial real estate, we've combined recent catalysts to create Moody's commercial real estate solutions. We're developing new tools that bring together curated data and world-class analytics to support commercial real estate professionals with more integrated lending and investing solutions, which are on track to launch this summer. And finally, we're pairing Zion Financial's asset and liability management solutions and loan pricing tools with MA's existing CECL capital planning and balance sheet software to help customers understand risks and opportunities across their treasury accounting and financial planning departments. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Mark to provide further details on Moody's first quarter results as well as an update on our outlook for 2021.
Mark Kaye: Thank you, Rob. In the first quarter, MIS achieved noteworthy results. Strong execution, robust credit activity and favorable issuance mix contributed to revenue growth of 30% compared to a 23% increase in global MIS rated issuance. Corporate Finance was the largest contributor, growing 34%, while issuance grew 37%. This is primarily driven by leveraged finance issuers, both opportunistically refinancing debt and funding M&A transactions. In contrast and in line with our expectations, investment-grade activity moderated as compared to the prior year period. The financial institutions and public project and infrastructure finance lines of business also benefited from strong opportunistic refinancing led by infrequent issuers. Revenues in these sectors grew by approximately 30% year-over-year despite issuance growth in the single-digit percent range. In structed finance, revenue grew 21% as tighter spreads drove elevated CLO refinancing and new CMBS activity. MIS' adjusted operating margin expanded 720 basis points to 67.7%. This is enabled by strong revenue growth, coupled with ongoing cost efficiency initiatives and lower bad debt reserves, partially offset by higher incentive compensation accruals. Moving to MA. First quarter revenue grew 14% or 10% on an organic basis. RD&A revenue rose 17% or 12% organically as KYC and compliance solutions delivered mid-20% organic growth. And customer retention rates remain high. ERS revenue growth of 5% or 4% on an organic basis led by a 15% increase in recurring revenue, driven by insurance products as well as credit assessment and loan origination solutions. Recurring revenue growth offset the expected decline in onetime revenue as we continue our strategic shift towards more subscription-based products. MA's adjusted operating margin expanded 360 basis points to 32.9%. Strong top line growth and execution of our in-flight restructuring program enabled additional operating leverage in the quarter. As Rob mentioned earlier in the call, Moody's adjusted diluted EPS grew by almost 50% to $4.06 primarily driven by our extraordinary performance in the quarter. Growth in operating income contributed approximately $0.94 to adjusted diluted EPS with $0.85 attributed to MIS. Additionally, nonoperating activities, including the resolution of uncertain tax positions as well as the release of associated accrued interest, provided a $0.28 benefit. Turning to Moody's full year 2021 guidance. Moody’s outlook for 2021 is based on assumptions regarding many geopolitical conditions, macroeconomic and capital market factors. These include, but are not limited to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, responses by governments, regulators, businesses and individuals, as well as the effects on interest rates or in the currency exchange rates, capital markets liquidity and activity in different sectors of the debt market. The outlook also reflects assumptions regarding general economic conditions, the company's own operations and personnel and additional items as detailed in the earnings release. Our full year 2021 guidance is underpinned by the following macro assumptions. 2021 US and Euro area GDP will rise to a range of 6% to 7% and 3.5% to 4.5%, respectively. The US unemployment rate will decline to between 5% and 6% by year-end, and benchmark interest rates will remain low with US high-yield spreads remaining below approximately 450 basis points. Finally, the global high-yield default rate is predicted to decline to a range of 3% to 4% by year-end. Our guidance systems foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates, specifically our forecast for the remainder of 2021 reflects US exchange rates for the British pound of $1.38 and $1.18 for the euro. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty, and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Following our first quarter performance, we are raising our full year 2021 guidance for most metrics as compared to the guidance provided on February 12. We now anticipate that Moody's revenue will increase in the high single-digit percent range. As we strategically manage our expense base, we are maintaining our expectations for cost growth in the mid-single-digit percent range. Given our improved revenue outlook and expense ability, we project Moody's adjusted operating margin to be approximately 50%. Our updated net interest expense guidance is in the range of $160 million to $180 million, and we reaffirm the effective tax rate projection of 20% to 22%. We raised and narrowed our dilutive and adjusted diluted EPS guidance ranges to $10.40 to $10.70 and $11 to $11.30 respectively. Our free cash flow forecast is now expected to be between $2.1 billion and $2.2 billion, and we continue to anticipate full year share repurchases of approximately $1.5 billion, subject to available cash, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decisions. For a complete list of our guidance, please refer to Table 12 of our earnings release. Within MIS, we project full year global rated issuance to decline in the low single-digit percent range, up from our previous guidance of a high single-digit percent decline. Our guidance for high-yield bonds and leveraged loans has been raised to approximately flat and up 55%, respectively, as we expect robust issuance and leverage finance to persist into the second quarter, supported by low borrowing costs and sustained M&A activity. However, we anticipate supply to return to more normalized levels in the second half of 2021 as we believe many issuers will fulfill the majority of the fund needs earlier in the year. Full year investment-grade supply is still expected to decrease by approximately 30%, following a very active prior calendar year. We forecast issuance from financial institutions to be approximately flat. We have not factored the proposed U.S. infrastructure goal into our assumptions regarding public project and infrastructure finance issuance, which we anticipate will decline approximately 15%. Depending on the contents of the final legislation, if it were to pass, it could improve our expectations for the balance of the year. The expected increase in leverage loan supply positively impacts new CLO creation. As a result, we predict structured finance issuance will increase 40%. In line with the surge of leverage finance activity in the first quarter, we're increasing our guidance for new mandates in 2021 to be in the range of 800 to 850. We have updated MIS' revenue outlook to reflect stronger-than-anticipated first quarter performance. We now estimate that MIS' revenue will increase in the mid-single-digit percent range, up from our prior guidance of approximately flat. We're also raising MIS' adjusted operating margin guidance to approximately 61%. For MA revenue, we are maintaining our forecast of an increase in the low double-digit percent range. This is due to strong demand for our subscription-based products, stable customer retention rates, favorable foreign exchange rates and a 2% to 3% percentage point tailwind from recent acquisitions. MA's adjusted operating margin guidance remains at approximately 30% as we expect underlying margin expansion to be partly tempered by an acceleration in strategic investments in 2021. Since we are maintaining our full year 2021 expense guidance in the mid-single-digit percent range, I would like to provide additional clarity and insight regarding our approach to expense management. In the first quarter, operating expenses rose 7% over the prior year period. Of this reported growth, approximately 4 percentage points were attributed to recent acquisitions and the unfavorable impact of movements in foreign currency exchange rates. Ongoing expense discipline continues to reinforce our operating leverage. As noted on last quarter's earnings call, by generating upwards of $80 million in cost efficiencies this year, we are able to self-fund our strategic priorities and reinvest back into the business. The majority of these strategic investments will occur in the second half of 2021. Before turning the call back over to Rob, I'd like to highlight a few key takeaways. First, we successfully executed our strategic and business objectives against the backdrop of robust issuance, delivering meaningful results this quarter, across both operating segments. Second, we are acutely focused on innovation and integration of new features into our products and solutions to meet our customers' evolving needs. Third, we are maintaining expense discipline through ongoing cost efficiency initiatives, which enable us to both reinvest in our key strategic priorities and expand our operating margins. And finally, we are pleased to revise upward our full year 2021 outlook as we drive operating leverage and create further opportunities for growth. And with that, let me turn the call back over to Rob.
Rob Fauber: Thanks, Mark. This concludes our prepared remarks, and Mark and I would be pleased to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks so much. First quarter came in a lot higher than what I was expecting, driven by MIS. But when I look at the guide for the full year, I guess the raise is a little bit lower than what I would have expected, just given the quarter. And I know we're going to comp the strongest quarter in 2Q. So are you just waiting for that to be behind you, or are you just -- are your expectations for the rest of the year lower now than they were, or are you just being conservative because I know we have a lot of positives ahead of us with strong GDP, et cetera. Thanks.
Mark Kaye: Toni, we have increased our outlook for the full year 2021 adjusted EPS to approximately $11.15 at the midpoint of the guidance range, and that's around 6% higher than the guidance we gave on EPS back in February. The primary driver of that increase is really a reflection of the actual and the expected strong operating performance of MIS. And I'd call it around 6 percentage points. We all see small tailwinds of around 1% from some of the non-operating factors like the settlement of the outstanding tax matter, which is a little bit more favorable than expected, and that's offset in part by FX. We're certainly happy to go into the issuance outlook and our views there separately.
Toni Kaplan: Okay. Great. And just as my follow-up, MIS margins were the highest ever, I believe, and not by an insignificant amount. You're guiding to 61% in the segment for the year. So having a hard time getting down to that level and after the 68 in 1Q. So just maybe help us drill down into the drivers of the lower margin for the rest of the year. Thanks.
Mark Kaye: We are guiding, to your point, to approximately 61% for the MIS margin for the full year. And that really means, if you put the 67.7% in the context of that, that you would expect a year to go on average margin for MIS is somewhere between 57% and 58%. And that's primarily driven by our year-to-go expectation for issuance activity, which would be down in the low double digits, given our full year guide of low single-digits issuance. And then in turn, if I look at the underlying drivers, could be driven by tough comparables compared to the year ago period and pull forward that we saw in the first quarter, a little bit of the sorted pattern. And again, we're very happy to go into some of those drivers in more detail as the call goes on.
Operator: We will take our next question from Kevin McVeigh with Credit Suisse.
Kevin McVeigh: Great. Thanks so much and congratulations. I wonder if you could give us just a little context on the insurance and commercial real estate opportunities, specifically within M&A. Obviously, there's been some reinvestment back into the business, the balance the reinvestment versus the base margin change and obviously, the opportunity that insurance and commercial [Technical Difficulty] to the entire enterprise.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Kevin, this is Rob. Yes. Thanks a bunch. So good to have you on the call. Let me talk about each in turn here. So let's start with commercial real estate. It's really a major asset class for our financial institution and investor customers. And what we're hearing from customers is that they're looking for the integration of just a wide range of data and analytics to give them better insights and make better decisions, especially given all the underlying kind of turbulence in the market. So we acquired REIS a few years back to give us some market and property-level data that we could integrate into our offerings for our customers. And given the importance of that data to both lending and investing decision-making, we then bought Catalyst, and that helped us further build out our national property coverage. And we're -- by the way, we're very pleased with how Catalyst is -- and we're building out those data capabilities in new markets even a little bit faster than we had anticipated. So, you put that together along with our in-house products, we've got something called commercial mortgage metrics, and all of that forms what we call our CRE solutions offering. I touched on it in our prepared remarks. And as part of that broader CRE solutions suite, we're building out lending and portfolio construction and management tools that really address some of these customer pain points in lending and portfolio construction and management tools that really address some of these customer pain points in the industry. Like I said, they want -- our customers want more content integration. And they also want a more digitized and automated and really connected approach that reduces the underwriting time and enhances the borrower experience. So, on commercial real estate, I'd say we're making some investments. We're encouraged by our progress around product development and the early receptivity we're getting from our customers. Like I said, it's a big asset class for them. So, let me turn to insurance just for a moment, and we've called this out on few of our prior calls, and we're seeing some very nice growth in our insurance business. The core driver of that is around insurers seeking our solutions to help them with this IFRS 17 compliance. And our acquisition of a company called GGY a few years ago, it really enhanced our capabilities in this area because it gave us an actuarial software solution that's widely used by insurers for everything ranging from pricing, reserving, asset liability management, financial modeling, hedging and so on. So, it's part of the kind of core risk processes at these insurance companies. And over the years, we've been able to build out our suite of offerings to insurance companies. That includes ALM, regulatory reporting, business analytics. And our view is that our risk assessment capabilities in areas like credit, like commercial real estate, ESG, and climate are all offering us further opportunities to deliver really even greater value to our insurance customers and give us runway and give us runway for some future growth. So, we feel good about both of those opportunities.
Kevin McVeigh: Super helpful, Rob. And just within the context of that, maybe a little more, maybe talk about just the M&A opportunity. Obviously, there's been a couple of acquisitions across the sector, a ton of capital. How are you thinking about consolidation in the sector, whether it's within across MA, just any thoughts on that in will help as well to some of the activities in the space.
Rob Fauber: Sure. I'm sure you can appreciate, we can't comment on potential acquisitions or divestitures, but I can give you some insight into generally how we're thinking about M&A. And we're really looking for assets that I think of as on strategy and are going to advance our risk assessment capabilities that we talk a lot about. So, think about our customers' needs are changing, right, around a wider range of risk. So, we're really focused on high-value data and analytics that are critical to customer workflows and helping them again with a wider range of risk. Historically, we've been very focused on credit, and our customers are asking us for help with more. So, we've been pretty clear about the areas where we're investing in building, and we're trying to get scaled businesses. That includes KYC, and I'm going to say even more broadly, financial crime, private company data, a lot of demand for private company data. Commercial real estate data analytics, I just talked about and of course, ESG and climate. And so that's really kind of how I think about content and maybe just for a moment and how I think about distribution because I think it all ties into how we think about acquisitions. You may have heard us talk in the past about thinking about our ERS business as what we call kind of a chassis, right, a distribution platform for our risk content to financial institutions. And if you think about it, we've got a huge customer base of banks and increasingly, insurance companies that are using our SaaS solutions. And it's just – it's a great platform for up-tiering our relationships and as I said, helping our customers with a wider range of needs. So there's some further opportunities to continue to build out really our comprehensive offering for banks and increasingly, insurance companies. And that's both organically and inorganically and all just building on that installed customer base and growth in the space. So that – hopefully, that gives you a sense.
Operator: We will take our next question from Judah Sokel with JPMorgan.
Judah Sokel: Hi. Thank for you taking my questions. For my first question, I was hoping to take another stab at Toni's question. As you just look at the rest of the year following the first quarter, how did your outlook for quarters two to four compare to how you were thinking about quarters two to four when you gave guidance in February?
Rob Fauber: Yes, Judah, it's Rob. Maybe I'll kind of start with issuance but that’s an important foundational piece here. Obviously, we've raised our issuance outlook given the strength of the first quarter with global issuance up 23%. But let me peel the onion back a little bit in terms of the rest of the year. So I think Toni acknowledged in her question that Q2 2020 was when we saw that huge surge of investment-grade infrastructure, sub-sovereign issuance. And those three asset classes were up almost 90% in 2Q 2020, that's sequentially, not year-over-year, but – and investment grade was by far the biggest contributor. So with Q1 issuance up 23%, we think that Q2 is going to be inevitably down off this very tough comp, somewhere in the same ZIP code that Q1 was up is kind of generally our thinking. Mark mentioned this sawtooth pattern. We do think we're going to experience a slightly slower summer. We've – in the past, we used to talk about this sawtooth pattern where we see a little bit slower third quarter. So we do expect a modest decline in the third quarter off of what remember was also a record quarter for issuance in Q3 last quarter and then growth in the fourth quarter. And that implies that the issuance for the second half of this year is going to be down modestly off of the second half of last year.
Mark Kaye: And then if I were to translate the issuance outlook that Rob spoke to – at a high level on an MIS revenue perspective, you could think about Q2 and Q3 being down in the mid-single-digit decline range and then Q4 being approximately flat year-over-year for revenue.
Judah Sokel: That was really helpful. Thank you for that cadence visibility. Maybe, I guess, as a follow-up, any ability to do something similar or just give us a little bit of perspective in terms of pace through the year as far as margins go and also as far as MA goes? That would be appreciated. Thank you.
Mark Kaye: Judah, thank you. I'll start a little bit with MCO and then I'll work my way through to MA. As – sorry, MCO's adjusted operating margin for the quarter was 57.1%. On a trailing 12-month basis, that would equate to 51.6%. And so if I think about attributing that to the approximately 50% guidance that we've given for the year, you could think about really 4 primary buckets. The first being operating leverage, which is positive creation of margin in the range of around 100 basis points and things like scalable revenue growth, the benefit of the incentive comp accrual resets, slightly lower new bad debt expense this time around, offset by the expectation of higher travel and entertainment expenses as we invest in further interactions with our customers of around offset in addition by acquisitions of around 50 bps as well. And then finally and most importantly, sort of those strategic investments we want to make back into the business are in the second half of the year into ESG, KYC, CRE, etcetera. And that's probably an offset of around 160 at the MCO level. If I just back for a second and I look at MA, the Q1 margin expansion was really led by very strong 14% reported revenue growth. I'd also say that expenses for MA were lower, primarily related to our announced restructuring at the end of 2020. And that's part of our overall expense management that creates those opportunities to reinvest back into the future of our business. MA is certainly taking the opportunity in 2021 to accelerate the investments in several of our key strategic priorities in the CRE and KYC space. And as we ramp up those investments, we expect that our margin will remain in line with that 30% full year guidance. I've put just a few numbers around that. You could think about it on a full year basis for MA, underlying margin expansion of around 390 bps, offset maybe by 2 large categories, both strategic investments of around 240 bps in MA and then acquisitions of around 130 bps.
Operator: We will take our next question from Simon Clinch with Atlantic Equities.
Simon Clinch: Hi, appreciate, you taking my question. I was wondering if we could just dig a little bit into the breakdown of MA's organic growth this quarter. I was wondering if you could break down what we saw from the acquisitions you had from – the acquisition Bureau van Dijk and that's sort of KYC complex, as well as the other sort of key drivers of that growth.
Rob Fauber: Yes, Simon, happy to do that. Obviously, we've got some very steady and good growth in MA, and there's a few different drivers of that. First, credit research and data feeds. There's just continued demand for those ratings data feeds and some very high retention rates for the research and data. And that, I think, reflects the importance of the content when you've got these kinds of real market stress and uncertainty. You touched on KYC and compliance. There's demand for both greater precision as well as automation of all this customer vetting. And we're also seeing some heightened customer focus on now using those kinds of tools for understanding things like supply chain resiliency and the risk profile across not only customer base, but supply chains. We actually had a major US corporate recently who subscribed to our Orbis data to help them really better assess the regulatory and reputational risk, like I said, both their customers, but also their suppliers. And then you've got our ERS SaaS products, and Mark touched on it in the prepared remarks. Strong recurring revenue growth, 15% across all three areas of ERS, and that includes credit assessment and origination, insurance and risk and finance. So we've got -- and we've also got an active product development pipeline, and I think we're going to continue to have opportunities in these areas.
Simon Clinch: Okay. Thanks. And so did I hear that the KYC portion of your business is growing in that mid-20s kind of pace at this point? Is that right?
Rob Fauber: That's exactly right, in line with our expectations that we talked about on the prior call.
Simon Clinch: Okay. All right. Thanks. And just wondering to follow up. Would you be able to just give us an update on your Chinese strategy in China and particularly in terms of the current status of that market and what you're seeing right now and what CCXI is actually allowed to do at this point?
Rob Fauber: Yes. So the license suspension at CCXI is over. And as I think you know, CCXI continues to be the leading domestic rating agency in China. And we're also continuing to have a very strong position in the cross-border rating markets. As we think about China, so we continue to address the domestic market through our position in CCXI, the cross-border market opportunity through MIS, like I said, we feel like we're very well positioned in both. And then there are some emerging opportunities in China that we've talked about a little bit in the past. We've made some investments there to help us with our positioning. One area that we see, a real opportunity in China is around ESG, but more specifically, I'd say, green finance and sustainable finance. And we made an investment several years ago in a small company called Shentel. Think of that as in kind of the same strategy that we employed with our investment in CCXI years ago, and we're working with Shentel to help the market and its evolution around sustainable finance. We also made an investment in a company called MioTech, which uses some very sophisticated technology to capture unstructured data around both ESG as well as KYC. So that -- again, two focus areas for us. So we're looking at how we can start to address the market beyond just the -- what I'd say, the core ratings business as well as our core business in MA.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm: Yes. Hello, everyone. Apologies in advance for coming back to the same topics that was asked a couple of times on MIS outlook, but I don't think you directly answered a couple of those questions. So thinking about the outlook change again on the MIS top line, and I know you don't give a quarterly forecast, but it does appear if you're thinking about a typical seasonality for the year, right? Obviously, the comments you just gave a couple of questions ago with a down in 3Q, and 2Q and 3Q, obviously make a lot of sense. But in terms of how the outlook for the remainder of the year has changed from what you said at the beginning of the year, maybe you can just explicitly say, if you changed anything or if it's unchanged. Because it does look like from a seasonal perspective, you got a little bit more conservative. And if so, the question would be, obviously why, given the economic backdrop and everything else improving. So sorry to beat a dead horse, but I don't think you've explicitly addressed it. Thanks.
Rob Fauber: All right. Alex, you're keeping us honest here. No problem. Look, I do think it's true that we -- in thinking about our issuance outlook, we have factored in the consideration around the potential for some pull-forward out of the second half of the year into the first quarter and first part of the year. And that was, as you saw, benchmark rates tick up and a surge of issuance. And Alex, maybe let me anticipate a question also and get to what might be the upside and downside to this, because I think that also gets at where you're headed here. A lot of times, we talk about -- I guess I used the phrase puts and takes. But, I guess, I would say that probably more puts than there are takes just given what we're seeing right at this moment. So that, I think, means there are some factors that could contribute to some upside to the outlook. So I think this quarter, second quarter, is really a key one to watch because we talked about second quarter 2020 being a really tough comparable with the surge in issuance, especially from investment grade. But if the strength of the leveraged finance markets continues through the quarter and makes up some of that liquidity driven issuance from the second quarter of last year and then on top of it contributes to the positive mix from a revenue standpoint, yeah, that could provide some upside. Like I said, we've been trying to think about pull-forward. You could see pull-forward even from -- depending on what happens with rates and spreads. You could see pull-forward from next year. Faster recovery and economic growth really outside of the U.S. could provide some upside. And then Mark touched on it, but potentially around infrastructure, depending on what kind of -- ultimately, what kind of bill we see, that might provide a boost to infrastructure issuance and municipal issuance in the back half of the year. On the downside, we've got to watch mix and any, kind of, escalation of a third wave of infections that ends up impacting the global markets. So that's really what's on our minds.
Alex Kramm: Very fair. Thank you for that. And then just maybe for Mark and just as a quick one. On the expense side, I think you mentioned incentives higher, but I think there was a very easy comp last year, so not a surprise. So maybe just if you haven't mentioned it yet, what was the incentive comp for the year? But then most importantly, how do you think about incentive comp for the remainder of the year? Because again, it does look like you had such a strong first quarter, but by my thinking, you probably under-accrued a little bit on incentive comp if the year continues to play out as we all expect.
Mark Kaye: Alex, thanks for the question, and good morning. The incentive comp accrual process very simplistically that we follow is roughly 25% of the full year expected incentive comp payout, primarily because we're in the first quarter. So we're really looking at roughly one-quarter of the full year expected amount. In the first quarter itself, we accrued for a $61 million in incentive comp. And looking forward to the next three quarters, you would expect – or we expect to see around $60 million per quarter due to the improved full year revenue and margin outlook. That's slightly higher than what we had provided in February, which is a range for between $50 million and $60 million. So, certainly, we are incurring appropriately in the first quarter.
Alex Kramm: All right. Now, that clears it up. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from George Tong with Goldman Sachs.
George Tong: Hi thanks. Good morning. I wanted to follow up on the earlier question on pull-forward activity debt issuance. Can you discuss how much of the upside surprise versus the guide was, in fact, reflective of refinancing pull forward, compared to, say, an improvement in macro or balance sheet prefunding and what the implications could be for issuance across the various categories over the remainder of the year?
Mark Kaye: George, maybe let me start here just by sharing a little bit about what we're hearing from the banks in terms of their issuance outlook because I think that will help provide additional context to the comments that Rob made a little bit earlier. If I start with the US investment-grade, although the year-to-date activity was below the prior year period, we heard from the banks that they noted that issuance in the first quarter was still very robust. I mean that was driven by factors we've already discussed, M&A activity near historically tight spread, et cetera. The banks did also highlight that they thought that borrowers likely opportunistically pulled forward some of their 2021 funding plans to take advantage of the favorable rates that they saw this quarter, especially so that interim or mid-quarter uptick in rates themselves. The bank's overall expected US investment-grade issuance to decline around 30% over the course of the year and that's very much in line with our forecast for that line of business. On the US spec-grade side, tight spreads, low default rates certainly drove the impressive start to the year for high-yield bond and leverage loan issuance. The volume year-to-date for both of those categories has significantly surpassed the prior year period. And so the outlook that we're hearing from the banks here is that they expect the speculative-grade market to slow, as many issuers in east and their early perception of the year, have completed their refinancing needs in the first quarter. And we've taken that view into consideration in our outlook in for US spec-grade. On euro investment-grade, there was the relatively light supply in the quarter as issuers did enter 2021, to your point, with strong cash balances right. We saw a lot of reverse ante issue in as a focus throughout the first quarter. Again, the thing factors, favorable M&A backdrop, low rates, et cetera could also support activity later in the year. And then the banks here forecast European investment-grade issuance to be down in the year, mid-teens percent range. And then finally, on the spec European spec rate side, similar to the US, issuance volume year-to-date did surpass the prior year period, but that was driven more by a pickup in some of the private equity and buyout activity as issuers are looking to take advantage of the low rate end and again, the bank here expect refinancing consideration to remain positive. I hope that provides sort of additional market color that you're looking for.
George Tong: Yes. Well, that’s very helpful. And just a follow-up and you touched on this a little bit earlier. Interest rates are moving higher, but certainly, the macro environment is also getting stronger. Can you just perhaps talk a little bit more about the puts and takes around how these factors will influence and drive issuance activity?
Rob Fauber: Yes, George, this is Rob. I think our general view on this is that we touched on in the prepared remarks. It's economic growth and that really is what provides the strongest driver for our business over the medium and long-term, right? It's about business investment. It's about M&A activity. As we think about rates, obviously, rates are a factor. They were certainly a factor last year. But it's the – I think it's really the pace of rate increases and whether the rate increases are accompanied by economic growth and whether they're anticipated by the market. So if you think back to the taper tantrum back in, what, 2013, that was where the market was surprised as kind of a rapid increase in rates, and we saw a real pullback in issuance. But to the extent that the Fed is able to be transparent about this, as we see very strong economic growth, we think that this will ultimately be manageable from an issuance perspective.
George Tong: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you. Obviously, a very strong start to the year in MIS. I wanted to talk on your cost outlook. You guys obviously did not raise your expense outlook for the year, mid-single digits, as sort of a nuance there that you were going from the low end of mid single-digit expectation for the year towards the higher end of mid-single-digits, or maybe you could talk about that. And in conjunction with that, I'll be curious to hear your underlying employee base, is that going to be relatively stable this year putting aside acquisitions and stuff? And I have a follow-up.
Mark Kaye: Craig, good morning. We are very pleased to highlight that our disciplined expense management actions continue to create and maintain operating leverage and investment capacity for our business. Now we are actively managing our underlying expenses down by 3% to 3.5% or a little bit over $80 million to self-fund the key initiatives we want to invest in 2021. And we've spoken about those relating to KYC, CRE, ESG, et cetera, but also to enhance our technology infrastructure to enable automation, innovation and efficiency to support growth. If I were going to complete the picture on the expense side, you see that the strategic investments, 3%, 3.5%, getting reinvested or cost efficiency is getting reinvested in strategic initiatives. You've got M&A expenses of around 2% to 2.5% in the outlook. We've got an FX headwind of somewhere between 1.5 and two percentage points. And what that really then implies is that the operating growth net of incentive and stock compensation is relatively well controlled around that two percentage point. And I think that's the key message we wanted to deliver. On the headcount, certainly, if I look at year-over-year snapshot between March 2020 and March 2021, we've been relatively stable on an organic basis, if I think over the year, at around 11,400 employees. We don't necessarily anticipate that to dramatically move up or down, as really are looking again to make sure that we are more focused on the skill set enhancements and the support that we can provide our employees over this period.
Craig Huber: And then also, you've talked about ESG bolting on a little bit today. What is the annualized run rate of your ESG revenues, please?
Mark Kaye: We are expecting for 2021 to generate around $25 million in stand-alone activities from ESG and an additional $5 million to $10 million in additional revenues through incorporating our ESG risk analysis into the MIS and MA product.
Craig Huber: This my first question. The cost ramp you're expecting fourth quarter this year versus the first quarter, how should we think about that, please?
Mark Kaye: We are – we have raised – we would like to raise the expense ramp for the first to the fourth quarter to be between $60 million and $80 million. And that would be up from the $45 million to $55 million that we mentioned on the February call, and that was a result of additional savings that we've achieved in the first quarter and a little bit of a shift in timing of spending for strategic initiatives, primarily to the second half of the year. The slightly wider range also captures the uncertainty around the expectation for the resumption in travel and entertainment expenses as the euro progresses.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: Good afternoon. And thank you for taking my questions. So I want to go back to incentive comp and investments. I'm just wondering, the flexibility to accrue more incentive comp or maybe accelerate your investment in the first quarter given the strong revenue. I mean, if you accrue less in the first quarter, that would have more pressure on the expense base later this year, because you may have to true up the accrue comp. And then at the same time, office starts to reopen you may lose some of the co-fee sales. I am trying to understand, whether do you have the flexibility to change at 25% target, given that you expect revenue may moderate later this year?
Mark Kaye: Owen, thank you for the question. So for incentive compensation, we typically followed a time-based percentage accrual process. That really is very much in alignment with the applicable SEC and accounting standards. If our outlook for the year holds, as we've provided this morning, you would not necessarily see a variation in the incentive comp accrual as the year progresses. Obviously, the year may turn out slightly differently from our outlook, and we certainly provided many factors that could drive that. And what that really means is as the year progresses, you're not only adjusting your incentive comp accrual for that particular quarter, but you also have to do a true-up for the prior quarters, and that's what could result in volatility in the amount that's accrued each quarter.
Owen Lau: Got it. That's very helpful. And then just a quick one on AI. Rob, I think you touched on a QUIQspread. Can you give us more color on maybe QuantCube and also the overall AI initiatives in Moody's? Thank you.
Rob Fauber: Sure, Owen. So in general, we've got – as you'd imagine, we've got data scientists and engineers all across the business. We've got innovation going on around AI, machine learning, natural language processing, natural language generation going on in MA and MIS. In fact, we just hired a new head of innovation in MIS to coordinate our efforts there. So you're right, QUIQspread is a great example of something that actually came out of – we have something called an accelerator, and this was actually something that our employees identified as a result of – of understanding our customers needs. And we were able to deploy this AI machine learning technology to help with a huge pain point of many of our banks, who are all manually spreading financial statements. And we've just got an enormous trove of financial statements here at the firm that can train those models. And so that's how we develop QUIQspread, and now we're deploying that actually as a product and selling that to our banking customers. So we've got initiatives like this going on all over the firm. Another good example of leveraging what I'd say is natural language generation is how we are actually writing some of our boilerplate reports for infrequent issuers using natural language generation. So literally writing reports from databases and then being able to augment that with expert insight. And that's turned out to be really valuable for our customers because it provides more transparency on a wider range of credits, as you can imagine. Regards to QuantCube, we're doing some interesting things in collaborating with them, mostly in the rating agency, where they've got all sorts of alternative data and predictive models. And we're able to use that and integrate that into some of our research series. So, for instance, QuantCube knows where every ship on the planet is at any given time. So they can track flows of commerce. And then we're able to have leading indicators of economic activity in addition to, kind of, the traditional indicators, and that -- we've actually published research around that using data from QuantCube. It's actually been quite popular with our research subscribers.
Owen Lau: That’s great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Rob, I just wanted to follow-up on your comments early in the call around M&A, and you talked about distribution. And I just wanted to clarify, like the -- you referred to EFRs, but is that, that you already have the distribution at scale or you'll be looking for more distribution and scale?
Rob Fauber: Yes, Manav, first of all, good afternoon. Good to have you on the call. I guess, I'd just point out that I think of and we think of ERS as distribution. I don't think that's always intuitive to folks, right, that if you think about the content that we are producing, which is really to help customers make decisions for the most part around risk, not in all cases, but for the most part. You've got, we've got literally thousands of banks and financial institutions customers who are using our Software-as-a-Service solutions in critical workflows. And so you can imagine the conversation. In fact, I do a number of customer calls. And as I sit down with these financial institutions and we talk about what's on your mind, what are you -- what are the unmet needs that you have around risk assessment, I start to hear, well, it's not only, obviously, you're helping us with credit, but we've got to figure out how we can better and more efficiently onboard customers. We've got to better understand the sustainability profile and ESG profile of who we're doing business with. We've got to understand the physical risks relating to climate change as part of our stress testing requirements as part of our commercial lending activities, right? And so our customers are coming to us, and we're able to then -- this ERS platform, these solutions are very good distribution channels for us to be able to deliver more data and analytics and insights to this financial institution customer base. So that's why -- that how I tend to -- I kind of describe it as, in a way, calling it just distribution is shortchanging it because it's really about the integration of the software, the technology, the data and the analytics. But it's a platform that's being used at thousands of banks. So it's a natural for us in terms of up-tiering those relationships.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. That's helpful. But I guess, is that, I guess, my question was, so what you have at ERS, do you have the scale that you need, or were you referring to the fact that you would like to get more active on the distribution side, if there are assets out there in terms of M&A?
Rob Fauber: Yeah. What I was -- I think what I was referring to, we obviously have a nice big ERS business. And what I was really referring to was we continue to look at ways to enhance the offerings for our banking and insurance customers around ERS, but -- so that's really where I was going with that, Manav.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. That's fine. And then just one quick one. You guys have always been great at managing expenses and your margin is already good. But things do seem like they're looking better. And I was just curious if you guys have anything like an upturn playbook and everyone talks about a downturn playbook, but there seems like a lot of good things that you guys can invest in. So I'm just curious how you think about when you would do that, or is it just manage the costs and the expenses like you are right now?
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Manav, so thinking big picture here, and I know there's a lot of focus on margin from quarter-to-quarter, but from where we're sitting, we're looking at the fact that we're serving some very high growth markets. And, obviously, you're seeing that with the growth rates in the various areas across our business. It's ratings, it's research, it's data feeds, it's company data and KYC, it's ERS. And so for us, what we want to be doing is investing in these high-growth end markets. There are some very, we think, very strong, structural drivers that will mean that the growth in these end markets is going to continue for some time. And we want to -- in some cases, we have leading positions. In other cases, we are building scale in our businesses to build leading positions there. And if you think about the retention rates, we've talked about that a lot, right, very high retention rates. These are very sticky products because they're embedded into critical customer risk workflows. And so if you combine that, right, high-growth end markets with very sticky products, you want to make sure that you're investing in the growth of those markets, right, rather than cash cowing these businesses. What we want to be doing is investing to capture the growth. So in any given quarter or even year, I think you're going to -- as we see opportunities, you're going to see us make those investments because we're investing for the medium and long-term. And I think one of the last thing I would say is we've got -- our customers are dealing with a wider range of risks than ever before. And I think we're really better positioned to serve our customers than ever before. So we want to make sure we're making those investments.
Mark Kaye: And just to put a quick two numbers around that, Manav. In the first quarter, you saw strategic investments of probably around 1.5% of the increase in expenses in the quarter. For the full year, we expect strategic investments to be between 3% and 3.5%. So you will see that acceleration over the next couple of quarters.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. That’s it. That’s helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. Maybe you could provide just a little bit of detail on the accelerated investments that you're going to be doing this year because of the higher outlook. I understood that there's -- part of the margin impact is going to be accelerating some of those investments. Can you just give us some specifics around that? And is the implications as that goes forward to future years? And frankly, is there an ability for you guys to accelerate investments in a more meaningful way that could drive more meaningful top line growth for either of your business units that would be possible if you had another blowout quarter? How does that work?
Rob Fauber: Yeah. This is Rob. I'll start and Mark may want to add in. But maybe first, let me give you a bird's eye view of kind of the primary areas of investment. And I don't think this is going to surprise you, just given the areas that we've been focused on. But we're really concentrating that investment on product development across ESG and climate, KYC, commercial real estate, data and analytics, and I talked about those investing and lending products that we're developing and hoping to roll out in the next quarter or so, maybe to a little lesser extent, China and a content platform there. Modernizing our technology, continuing to become more and more efficient. We've got a big focus in particular in MIS around that, that we've talked about in the past. And then in general, we've got some other areas of product development. In fact, we formed a growth board internally, so that we could really have a very disciplined and concentrated approach to how we are investing and looking at the progress of that investment. And to your point, are there ways to accelerate that investment. And I can assure you that, that is something that we're looking at.
Mark Kaye: And Shlomo, if I could, maybe just a deep dive on one of those investment areas, specifically on ESG. Specifically, we're very focused on integrating ESG into our risk assessment to workflows. And that's going to help us drive growth and impact. Let me give you three examples here. The first example could be in the commercial real estate space, where our customers are looking for on-demand scoring capabilities to screen properties globally. And they really want those sustainability considerations integrated into their screening. So we provided a solution that provides forward-looking risk assessments of property exposure to floods, hurricanes, wildfires and other climate hazards. The second example I could give you in the ESG space with the integration is around banks and insurance companies. They want climate data integrated into their economic scenario modeling, as well as a stress testing, and that's going to help them meet regulatory and other requirements across the globe. And then, finally, just a third example on that deep dive, customers want to be able to integrate data sets. And specifically, they want to co-mingle their data with ours. And to enable that, we've made our data available on our new DataHub platform that allows customers to access our data alongside with their own in-house data and to work with using sort of those advanced data science tools that Rob spoke about earlier.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. And one last thing, Shlomo. Just touching on that point that Mark made, we're doing that in ESG, but this concept of integration is a place where we're making very deliberate investments, because as we integrate this, it's more useful for our customers, this concept of integrated risk assessment. These risks are, in many cases, related, but it also is going to enable greater cross-selling back to that point around revenue opportunity.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay, great. And next, I just wanted to ask a little bit kind of housekeeping stuff and maybe just some number of things. Number one, I didn't see any breakdown of contribution from the Cortera acquisition and your acquisition type stuff. And then there's a $16 million of non-operating income maybe you could break out. Thanks.
Mark Kaye: Sure. Shlomo, let me start just with the M&A for a second. So, if I think about a combination of Acquire Media, ZM Financial, Catalyst, and Cortera total M&A spend there was around $350 million. That would have generated or we expected to generate in 2021, which is fully incorporated into our guidance around $44 million-ish in revenue collectively. You've got sort of the margin impact to MA we spoke about earlier, that's the negative 130 basis points. And then an adjusted EPS impact from that those four acquisitions collectively is probably around $0.04-ish negative. And of course, those have been incorporated around $0.04-ish cents negative. And of course, those have been incorporated into our outlook. If I just did a quick slide by to your second question on non-operating income and expenses, and I'm going to refer to maybe table five in the press release, that's in non-operating and expense table. Just the material items there, but uncertain tax positions or UTPs, that's primarily driven by the reversal of the tax-related interest accruals, which are associated with the resolution of the outstanding tax matters and the statute of limitations exploration this quarter. I just want to highlight that we don't expect those benefits to reoccur to the same extent in the future periods. I look at the FX loss and gain line, that's really small FX loss this quarter. Across a number of currency peers, that's compared to a large gain in the first quarter of 2020, which at the time was really driven by material dollar appreciation. You recall this time last year and rebalancing that occurred. And I think FX results were very much in line with our expectations from the hedging program. You see the income from investments in non-consolidated affiliates in that table, and that's really from a regular assessment of our positions in various non-consolidated affiliates. On a quarterly basis, we had a small write-up of minority investment. This quarter, we had this more write-down of minority investment a year ago same quarter. And then finally, the other line is normally a combination of various individually immaterial and in the aggregate immaterial non-operating items, This quarter, because of the strong equity market movement, this line actually captured some are gains that we had on investments that are used to hedge our deferred compensation program, so to give you a full sense of color across the non-operating expense line.
Operator: We will go to our next question from Andrew Nicholas with William Blair.
Andrew Nicholas: Hi thank you for taking my question. First, in terms of the balance sheet, cash continues to build. Leverage is well below what I think you'd consider a comfortable limit. So, I was hoping you could spend some time talking about the balance sheet, capital allocation and maybe more specifically, what's keeping you from being more aggressive on the share repurchase front?
Mark Kaye: Good morning and thank you for the question. Maybe most important is for me to start upfront to just make clear that the capital allocation framework that we're using remains unchanged. We're going to look, first and foremost, for opportunities to invest organically and inorganically back into our business through very disciplined financial metrics. And then to the extent that we have additional capital remaining, we will return that to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends. We know -- or at least is very aware that in early to mid-2020, we did pause buybacks. And we raised cash at that time really to be prudent and to be opportunistically take advantage of lower rates and we're very focused on financial flexibility given again at the time, the heightened risk of economic and capital market stresses at the time. Head Central Banks really not intervene with support. The story made a little bit of residual risk and uncertainty today, and that's obviously much smaller. And so I think for now, we are certainly very comfortable to project to return $2 billion to stockholders this year. Between a combination of dividends and buybacks, and we'll obviously continue to assess the appropriate balance of capital return as the year progresses. I would also not read too much into the relatively low share repurchases that occurred in the first quarter of approximately $132 million. That was mostly due to the purchasing plan that we put in place at the time we entered into the 10b5-1 plan used to purchase shares. And to the comment I made a minute ago, we're still continuing to target that $1.5 billion in share repu by the end of the year, and you should see an acceleration of the pace of that in the second quarter.
Andrew Nicholas: Great. Thank you. And then just another housekeeping item. Looking at the free cash flow guidance, it looks like free cash is expected to grow at a slower pace than net income this year. Just wondering if you could kind of speak to that disconnect relative to kind of your historical pattern? Thank you.
Mark Kaye: The slight difference between the forecasted 2021 growth in net income of 11% and free cash flow of 4% at the midpoint of the guidance range is really related to the expected working capital headwinds and the timing of, I would say, non-cash items across quarters and years. So I put this broadly in context, free cash flow actually grew faster than net income in both of 2019 and 2020. Specifically in 2019, we had 8% versus 17% growth in free cash flow. And in 2020, we had 24% versus 27% growth in free cash flow. And so you can see sort of that variation a little bit across years. We are a capital-light business. Investment would have to ramp up really considerably to change that dynamic between net income and free cash flow over an extended period and we don't anticipate that necessarily happening. So nothing in particular that I would draw your attention to that I'm concerned about in terms of that relationship.
Andrew Nicholas: Got it. Thanks again.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets.
Jeff Silber: Thanks so much. I know it's late. I'll just keep it to one. I think you talked a little bit about the potential positive upside from the infrastructure proposals. And I know they're just proposals and we've got a long way to go. But if this does come to some sort of fruition, would it only impact the public finance aspect of your issuers? Could it bleed into other issuers? And also just generally, do you make – from the new issuers, are there different margins you could make depending on the issuer? Thanks so much.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Obviously, it's going to remain to be seeing kind of final size and content of whatever ends up getting passed. I would expect that the majority of that would be seen in our PPI sector possible that you can see some of that in our corporate finance sector. I don't think there's a meaningfully different pro economic profile across those. Although, typically our international subside, we're really talking about US, international sub sovereign tends to have a little bit different economic profile. But so again, it's probably a little too early to tell at this point.
Judah Sokel: All right. I completely understand. And again, on the profitability by issuer, does that make a difference?
Robert Fauber: I don't think a significant difference in this case.
Judah Sokel: Thanks so much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take a follow-up from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Yes, hi. Thanks. Rob, we've talked about this in the past. With your new position now as CEO of the company, I've seen with other companies when the CEO takes over, whether it be internal or an external hire, within a matter of months or quarters, he'll do a large size acquisition. Given what one of your main competitors here in the States did back in the November timeframe. Has your thoughts changed at all here in terms of just the normal cadence of these tuck-in acquisitions going back to your days as lead in your corporate development area, which I think you led 8 or 9 years and stuff. You've never – the company has never done a huge acquisition, game-changing acquisition outside of BvD for – a little bit over $3 billion and stuff. I mean -- are you guys itching at all to do a large acquisition is my main question here?
Robe Fauber: Yes. So Craig, great question. I wouldn't say itching to do a large acquisition. I think I just kind of come back to we're running our own race here, and we feel very good about the outlook across our entire business. We have got some -- we are serving some very high-growth end markets, and we are very well positioned in those end markets. And so what I think you're seeing from us is this focus on building scale in those businesses, right? You've seen us, look BvD was a very nice size acquisition and we've made some bolt-ons to that, RDC, Acquire Media or Cortera and that has really helped us build what we think is a world leader in both the KYC space, but also the private company data space. And you see the growth rates that are coming out of that business. So we feel very good about that. And you've heard us talk about now what we're doing around commercial real estate. You've heard us talk about ERS, where we've made, over the years, tuck-in acquisitions, and look what those acquisitions have done. We highlighted insurance. We bought GGY. We bought [indiscernible]. We bought RiskFirst. All of that is now supporting that growth that you're seeing in insurance and asset management. So Craig, I'm going to come back to we're going to do things that are on strategy. We're not focused about is it big or small. It's got to make sense for us, for our risk assessment strategy and for serving our customers. We're hearing loud and clear from our customers where they want and need our help, and that's where we're investing organically and inorganically.
Craig Huber: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to Rob Fauber with any additional or closing remarks.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Well, thank you, everybody, for joining today's call, and We look forward to speaking with you again in the summer.
Operator: This concludes Moody's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the first quarter 2021 earnings section of the Moody's IR home page. Additionally, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 PM Eastern Time on Moody's IR website Thank you.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-12 11:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Moody's Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shivani Kak: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us to discuss Moody's fourth quarter 2020 results and our outlook for full year 2021. I'm Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the fourth quarter of 2020 as well as our outlook for full year 2021. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our Web site at ir.moodys.com. Rob Fauber, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Mark Kaye, Moody's Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures referenced during this call and GAAP. I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, our quarterly report form on 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our Web site and on the SEC's Web site. These, together with the Safe Harbor statement set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media maybe on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I will now turn the call over to Rob Fauber.
Rob Fauber: Thanks, Shivani, and good morning and thanks to everybody for joining today's call. I'm going to begin by summarizing Moody's full year 2020 financial results and then I'll provide an update on our strategic direction and following my commentary Mark Kaye will provide further details in our fourth quarter 2020 results, as well as our outlook for 2021. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to any of your questions. First, on behalf of the entire Moody's management team, I'd like to extend my appreciation to our employees for their steadfast dedication and resilience. And your remarkable adaptability and commitment to providing our customers with world-class service and supporting each other is key to our continued success. And we're really proud of your accomplishments. Thank you. Our employees helped Moody's achieved record financial results in 2020. With revenue growth of 11% and an increase in adjusted diluted EPS of 22% against the backdrop of heightened credit market activity, Moody's Investors Service generated $3.3 billion in revenue. That was up 15% from the prior year. Moody's Analytics also performed well with revenue totaling $2.1 billion, up 6% and demonstrating the strong value of our products and solutions during these unprecedented times. For 2021, we project Moody's revenue to increase in the mid-single digit percent range. It's driven by our expectation at strong growth from MA and favorable issuance mix for MIS will offset and expect to decline in global debt activity. Moody's 2021 adjusted diluted EPS is forecast to be in the range of $10.30 to $10.70. In 2021, and beyond, we're going to continue to deliver solutions to meet our customers evolving needs by integrating and leveraging our data and analytic capabilities, and investing in innovation. In addition, recent acquisitions combined with organic investments, position as well for the future and reinforce our long-term growth opportunity. Finally, we continue to emphasize our role as responsible stewards of our stockholders capital. While investing in the business remains our top priority, we'll seek the return approximately $2 billion to our stockholders, this year in the form of dividends and share repurchases. During the full year results, Moody's revenue grew an impressive 11% with record revenues from both MIS and MA that increased 15% and 6% respectively. On an organic constant currency basis, MA revenue increased 8%. Moody's adjusted operating income rose 16% to $2.7 billion and the adjusted operating margin expanded 230 basis points to 49.7%, adjusted diluted EPS was $10.15 up 22%. Together we achieved many milestones in 2020, for the first time revenue at MIS and MA surpassed $3 billion and $2 billion respectively with MIS having rated more than $5.5 trillion in global issuance. We also made significant progress in delivering for our stakeholders. During 2020, we made an $11 million contribution to the Moody's foundation. That was to support the work to empower people with the financial knowledge, resources and confidence they need to create a better future and to reach their potential for themselves, their communities and the environment. The events of the past year have also underscored the importance of a strong commitment to diversity and inclusion, both internally and externally. And this past year, we launched a number of initiatives to further support diversity and inclusion both across our company as well as within the communities we operate, including $2 million in commitments to support equal justice and educational opportunities. On the environmental front, we furthered our sustainability leadership by enhancing our disclosures and establishing clear commitments to environmental sustainability. And as a result, Moody's was recognized by CDPA with an A score for addressing climate change. In 2020, amidst the pandemic, we continued to invest in our business and position the company for ongoing growth. In addition to a range of product launches, we also acquired or invested in companies that complement and enhance our products and solutions and expand our market reach. And in September, we restructured our ESG assets under a single unit. This aligns our efforts across the firm, it strengthens our thought leadership in the ESG space and it better positioned us to meet the needs of the market. Turning to MIS, credit market activity reached record levels in 2020 and especially for non-financial corporate issuance, which grew over 16% from its previous high in 2017 and was 34% above its prior five year average. Both investment grade and speculative grade debt benefited from a favorable environment as issuers fortified their balance sheets and opportunistically refinanced debt. However, leveraged loan volumes remain modest for most of the year despite an up tick in M&A activity in the fourth quarter and Mark is going to provide some details on MIS' 2021 issuance expectations when he discusses our guidance. Now pivoting to MA, we continued to see significant growth in recurring revenue, which now comprises over 90% of its total. This has been driven by our strategic focus on building our subscription-based business with mission critical products and services that are embedded into customer workflows that support strong customer retention rates. And as a result, MA’s margin has grown 480 basis points over the past three years. This expansion is inclusive of the organic and inorganic investments that we've made in the business. And before I turn it over to Mark, I thought I'd provide some thoughts about the opportunity in front of us. And to do that, I think it's helpful to reflect on our journey as a company over the last 15 years, in which we've expanded our capabilities in order to meet the evolving needs of our customers. Back in 2007, we formed Moody's Analytics. That was the first step in broadening beyond the rating agency, there was a development of software and analytics businesses.  From 2017 to 2020, we built out some very substantial data and analytics capabilities, starting with the acquisition of Bureau van Dijk, one of the world's largest company databases. And then we complemented that by adding depth across people, properties, ESG and climate just to name a few. And this strategy is positioned as well to serve a wide range of risk assessment markets, where we can integrate data and analytics and deliver insights, all enabled by technology. Looking forward, organizations face a complex interlinked world of risks and stakeholders. COVID has accelerated the digitization of manual processes across the financial sector and it's highlighted the importance of resilience in scenario planning. Organizations are managing a variety of risks that just weren't on the radar screen years ago, ranging from ESG to climate, to cyber, to financial crime. They're seeking a more holistic, 360 degree view of risk of who they're connecting to, and who they're doing business with. To do this, companies are increasingly incorporating alternative datasets into their core risk processes and they're looking for insights amidst the proliferation of data. There are a variety of stakeholders influencing companies to better identify and manage these risks includes regulators, customers, employees and there are some significant financial and reputational impacts for not managing these risks effectively. And with this as a backdrop, customers are looking for trusted partners who have the scale, the rigor, the capabilities to help them make better decisions about a wider range of risks. As CEO, I'm focused on three key areas to meet these market needs and to realize the full potential we have as an integrated risk assessment business. First, sharpening our understanding of our customers needs are evolving, delivering solutions that can draw on the breadth and depth of our capabilities. Second, investing with intent to grow and scale deepening and extending our presence and expanding risk assessment markets as we've done successfully with know your customer. And third, collaborating, modernizing and innovating with a focus on technology interoperability and data access that allows us to maximize our data analytic and technology capabilities on behalf of our customers. And of course, this is all underpinned by supporting and developing our people, so that we have the skills and the engagement needed to drive the business forward. For the last year, we've referred to Moody's as an integrated risk assessment business. Today, we serve a wide range of risk assessment used cases and end markets collectively worth north of $35 billion. Our largest risk assessment business, of course, is the rating agency, it serves fixed income issuers and investors. And as Moody's has evolved, we now help customers with everything from customer onboarding, commercial lending to sustainable investing and a number of other areas, as you can see around the circle. And what's been a winning formula for us over the years, has been combining our data, analytics and insights with our deep domain expertise and technology enablement, to provide solutions for customers to identify, measure and manage risk. We're not just a data company or a software company, but a company that has a unique combination of strengths and assets, as well as a deeply trusted brand. We continue to invest in our people and these data sets and analytic capabilities, as they're all increasingly important across a growing number of risk assessment used cases in markets and that's what we mean by an integrated risk assessment business. Now, earlier this week, we announced our intention to acquire a company called Cortera. We're excited about the valuable assets that they're going to add to the Moody's portfolio including a world-class database on private companies in North America and one of the most comprehensive databases of commercial credit information, featuring data and analytics on over 36 million companies. And we plan to integrate Cortera data into our offerings to better serve several markets, including commercial lending, customer onboarding, supply chain management. And by combining the data from Cortera with Moody's proprietary analytics, we look forward to helping our shared customer base make better decisions about their business relationships. Cortera builds on several acquisitions we've made over the past few years, beginning with the Bureau of van Dijk business in 2017 and followed more recently by RDC and Acquire Media this past year. Together, they form a comprehensive suite of reference and entity data and AI technology to serve a range of used cases, including among other things, KYC and compliance. In 2020, Moody's Analytics generated approximately $525 million in annual sales of these solutions and we expect them to produce high teens growth in 2021. The know your customer and compliance used case in particular, is generating over $200 million in annual sales and is projected to grow by over 25% in 2021, continuing to be our fastest growing risk assessment market. I'm now going to turn the call over to Mark to provide further details in Moody's fourth quarter results as well as our outlook for 2021.
Mark Kaye: Thank you, Rob. In the fourth quarter Moody's total revenue increased to 5% with MA and MIS contributing 8% and 2% of growth respectively. Moody's adjusted operating income of $531 million was down 5% from the prior year period. Solid revenue growth in the quarter was outpaced by increased operating expenses, including non-recurring items such as severance and incentive compensation. This resulted in a 410 basis point decline in the adjusted operating margin. Fourth quarter adjusted diluted EPS was $1.91 down 5%. For MIS, fourth quarter 2020 revenue benefited from favorable issuance mix across all lines of business increasing by 2% against a 3% aggregate decline in global MIS rated issuance. Financial institutions with the largest contributor in the fourth quarter growing 12% double the 6% increase in issuance. This was driven by infrequent U.S. Bank issuers taking advantage of the low rate environment. Corporate finance revenue grew 2% despite at 9% decline in issuance. This was primarily the result of strong contributions from both U.S. leveraged loans and speculative grade bonds as issuers continue to opportunistically refinance debt and support M&A deals. Revenue from public project and infrastructure finance declined 3% against a 12% increase in U.S. public finance activity, as many issuers addressed refunding needs earlier in the year to avoid potential election-related volatility. In structured finance revenue decreased 11% compared to a 31% decrease in issuance. This is primarily due to lower CMBS activity, despite signs of improvement in CLO. In the fourth quarter first time mandates grew 32%. For the full year we received approximately 700 new mandates. MIS expense growth included non-recurring costs such as severance related to business efficiency initiatives and incentive compensation accruals associated with strong full year performance. Consequently, expense growth outweighed revenue expansion for the quarter, resulting in an adjusted operating margin of 48.3%. On a full year basis, MIS' adjusted operating margin expense is 170 basis points to 59.7%. Moving to MA, fourth quarter revenue grew 8% or 5% on an organic basis, continued robust demand for KYC and compliance solutions drove 21% increase in RD&A revenue, 11% in non-organic basis. This is further supported by sustained customer retention rates in the mid 90s percent range and strong sales of research subscriptions and data feed. In ERS, low double digit recurring revenue growth, driven by strong demand for insurance products was offset by an expected decline in comparable year-over-year one-time software licensing fees and implementation services, resulting in an overall growth rate of 1%. Further ERS' subscription products, the acquisition of RDC, as well as the divestiture of MAKS in 2019 all contributed to a five percentage point increase in MAs returning revenue, now comprising 91% of its total up from 86% in the prior period. In the fourth quarter, MAs adjusted operating margin increased 280 basis points benefiting from lower year-over-year incentive compensation accruals for the full year MAs adjusted operating margin increased 160 basis points supported by growth in recurring revenue, as well as expense efficiency initiatives. Turning now to Moody's full year 2021 guidance. Moody's outlook for 2021 is based on assumptions regarding many geopolitical conditions, macro economic and capital market factors. These include but are not limited to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic responses by governments, regulators, businesses and individuals, as well as the effects of interest rates, foreign currency exchange rate, capital markets liquidity and activity in different sectors of this market. The outlook reflect assumptions regarding general economic conditions, the company's own operations and personnel and additional items as detailed in the earnings release. Our full year 2021 guidance is underpinned by the following macro assumptions. 2021 U.S. GDP will rise approximately 4% to 5% and Euro area GDP will increase in the range of approximately 3.5% to 4.5%. The U.S. unemployment rate will gradually decline to between 5% and 6% by year-end, and benchmark interest rates will remain low, with high yield spreads falling below approximately 450 basis points. Finally, the global high-yield default rate is expected to decline below 5% by year end. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. Specifically, our forecast for 2021 reflects U.S. exchange rates for the British pound of $1.37 and $1.22 for the euro. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. In 2021, we project that Moody's revenue will increase in the mid-single digit percent range given our approximately flat revenue outlook for MIS and the expectation of low double-digit growth in MA. Operating expenses are projected to increase in the mid-single digit percent range and savings generated from our cost efficiency programs are reinvested in key strategic initiatives. I'll provide more detail on these shortly. After expanding Moody's adjusted operating margin in 2020 by 230 basis points to 49.7%, we are projecting 2021 margins to remain in the range of 49% to 50%. We estimate net interest expense to be in the range of $190 million to $210 million. The full year 2021 effective tax rate is anticipated to be between 20% and 22%. Diluted EPS and adjusted diluted EPS are forecasted in the range of $9.70 to $10.10 and $10.30 and $10.70 respectively. Free cash flow is expected to be in the range of $1.9 billion to $2.1 billion and we plan to return approximately $1.5 billion through share repurchases, subject to available cash market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation. Additionally, today we announced an 11% increase in our quarterly dividend bringing the total expected capital return to stockholders in 2021 to approximately $2 billion. For a full list of our guidance, please refer to Table 12 of our earnings release. For MIS, we estimate that revenue will be approximately flat year-over-year, with global rated issuance projected to decline in the high single-digit percent range. We forecast that full year investment grade and high yield activity will decline approximately 30% and 5%, respectively. In contrast, we anticipate leveraged loan issuance to grow by approximately 10% supported by increased M&A activity. Structured finance issuance is expected to grow in the 15% to 20% range due to increased asset formation and loan volumes contributing to larger pipelines for new CLO creation. In 2021, we expect 700 to 750 first-time mandates with the strongest contribution from leveraged finance activity. First-time mandates contribute both to the current year's transaction revenue base and to recurring monitoring fees. MIS' adjusted operating margins will remain stable and approximately 60%. Discipline cost management is enabling ongoing investment back into the rating agency, enhancing our offerings and delivering greater value to our customers. For MA we project 2021 revenue to increase in the low double-digit percent range supported by high single-digit constant dollar organic growth, as well as recent M&A activity and favorable movements in foreign exchange rates. Robust customer demand for KYC and compliance solutions, including contributions from the recent Cortera, RDC and Acquire Media acquisitions support future RD&A revenue growth. These expansions further reinforced by strong retention rates for our research and data feed products. While ERS we anticipate recurring revenue to continue growing at a double-digit rate. As we deemphasize one-time sales, we expect that transaction based revenue will decline 20% to 30% year-over-year. MAs adjusted operating margin is projected to be approximately 30% in 2021. Our outlook assumes continued positive margin expansion of approximately 50 to 100 basis points, inclusive of ongoing organic and inorganic investments in the business. Last quarter, we highlighted $80 million to $100 million of cost savings from our expense management initiatives that we would be reinvesting back into the business in 2021. In addition to the KYC and compliance opportunity, our focus is on investing to meet our customers evolving needs in ESG and commercial real estate. We are also strengthening our presence in emerging markets including China and Latin America. Furthermore, we continue to invest in our IT infrastructure and product development. Over the long-term these investments will reduce costs, promote interoperability and accelerate decision-making. Before turning the call back over to Rob, I would like to highlight a few key takeaways. Following a record year that validated our strategic direction, we're pleased to provide a robust outlook for 2021. This is driven by high demand for our data analytics and insights and reaffirms our long-term growth opportunities. Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged and we prioritize attractive opportunity to invest in our business, before returning capital to our stockholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Finally, we believe that Moody's long-term sustainability is best served by meeting the needs of all of our stakeholders that actively supporting our employees, customers and communities, we are able to demonstrate our commitment to sustainable stewardship and create enduring value for our stockholders. And with that, let me turn the call back over to Rob.
Rob Fauber: Thanks Mark. This concludes our prepared remarks and Mark and I would be pleased to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead. We'll hear from Judah Sokel.
Judah Sokel: The first question I wanted to ask was about margins, and specifically the margin outlook for 2021, thinking about balancing operating leverage from the top-line between investments, appreciate the color that you guys gave in the extra investment that you're making in emerging markets and taking some of the cost savings. Generally, you guys have done great with margin expansion over time. And yet here we have a year coming up where margins are going to be a little bit more constrained. So how do you think about that balance, driving margin expansion using top-line growth that you will have in 2021, especially in MA, coupled with the need to continue to reinvestment further?
Mark Kaye: Thank you very much for the question. This is Mark here. We are constantly pushing to increase margin, while ensuring to your point that we are balancing that against the need to invest in the business to maintain and accelerate top-line growth. As we noted in the prepared remarks, there are a number of exciting investment opportunities that we've identified for 2021. And we're going to take advantage of those while preserving the margin at approximately 49% to 50% for the year, after having and we spoke about this expanded the margin by 230 basis points in 2020. I gave a little bit more color in terms of how that's broken down, that might also be helpful. If we think about creation of margin in 2021 through operating leverage, that's probably 50 to 100 basis points and that's going to come from things like scalable revenue growth, a little bit of a benefit from the reset of an incentive compensation accrual. If I think about even creation of additional margin from savings and efficiency, that's probably between 140 and maybe 180 basis points to the positive and that's going to come from things like our restructuring program, which we can speak about later in the call increased automation, utilization of lower cost, location, procurement efficiencies, real estate, efficiencies, et cetera. And those positive margin creations are going to be offset and by organic investments that we're going to be making back into the business. And we spoke last quarter about that 80 million to 100 million that we're going to be reinvesting into key strategic areas, which we can talk about further on the call if you would like. And then around 50 to 100 basis points from some of the recent M&A acquisitions that we've done. And then of course, there's that math element in terms of business mix, where MA is forecast to grow faster than MIS in 2021 and that's probably a headwind of around 25 basis points. So if you put that all together, you get a sense of how we're managing the portfolio of businesses to ensure continued margin expansion while we invest in growth in the future.
Operator: And we will hear from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm: Anyways, maybe you're starting off on MIS and sorry if I missed the last question, but can you perhaps attack the delta between your issuance forecasts and then also how you get to the flat revenue forecasts, particularly interested in the recurring revenue given the solid issuance that we had last year, and then also, obviously, pricing and mix any comments that will be helpful as well. Thank you
Rob Fauber: So maybe let me talk to you a little bit about the 2021 issuance outlook. And now, as I said back in October, we still think issuance is going to be down modestly year-over-year, and we're guiding down in the high single-digit percent range. And I would say, while we expect some very robust issuance activity to continue, we've got some favorable market conditions. The challenges that the year-over-year growth is, we've got some very tough comparables after two very strong issuance years between last year and year before. So our outlook assumes that these constructive market conditions continue largely for 2021, widespread distribution of a vaccine and improving economic growth. Certainly, we're seeing continued recovery in M&A activity and we're seeing a lot of now sponsor driven activity and sustained central bank support and potentially another round of stimulus. And all that, I think will be underpinned by a continued low rate environment that's going to be supporting of refinancing. That means I think we're going to see growth in some areas like, we have a rating assessment service that supports M&A activity, leveraged finance, various parts of structured finance and so on. So, Alex, maybe let me take it by sector and then you can get a sense and you can do your own compare and contrast. But for investment grade, we're looking at something like a 30% decline moderating, after what we all know is an extraordinary issuance year last year, in particular, U.S. corporate investment grade issuance was up almost 80% 2020. That's just a very tough comparable. That said, our outlook for 2021 investment grade would still be one of the strongest years on record. And we think issuers are going to continue to come to market driven by refinancing amidst all the -- as I said, kind of ongoing low rates, tight spreads, and M&A activity. Leveraged finance, we think that high yield bonds will remain elevated relative to recent years, you can see we're estimating a very modest decline of 5%. I think high yield activity outside the U.S. should improve after a relatively slower year in comparison to the U.S. And I think we'll see that investor demand should remain quite strong in the ongoing search for yield. Thinking about leveraged loans, we actually think we're going to see some growth there coming off of obviously, more subdued activity in 2020 but also being driven by M&A and LBO activity, that's going to help support issuance. When you think about structured finance, we see that improving somewhere in the range of 15% to 20%. And it's a mixed bag, as you think about the different components of structured finance. ABS growth, we think will be supported by asset classes, like auto loans, where we're seeing some good activity, maybe a little bit more muted in places like credit cards and student loans, we'll see some growth in RMBS. I think we'll see some modest growth in CMBS, the market for hold asset securitizations, even though you've got some parts of the commercial real estate market, like hotels and retail that are experiencing some distress. And then, as you know, as we think about CLOs, we also look at what's going on with the leveraged loan market. So we think there'll be some growth in CLOs with just that stronger leveraged loan supply and tightening spreads in the CLO market. So maybe just one other thing I'd add just in public finance, very strong year generally for public finance. So we'd expect that to remain elevated, but at levels consistent with last year.
Alex Kramm: And you care to talk about the recurring versus transaction and pricing.
Rob Fauber: From our recurring revenue standpoint, I think we'll be looking at probably something in the low to mid single digits. We've gotten some questions about just kind of thinking about our how we characterize recurring revenue versus others and I think if we included our rating assessment service and access issuance fees and issuer rating fees, we'd be looking at something like a mid-single digit, recurring revenue growth. And I think in general, when you look at it on a full year basis, pretty comparable outlook for recurring revenue.
Alex Kramm: Okay. And then secondarily if that's okay, quick one, just on CCXI, I mean, definitely some headlines in December on China, which is obviously an important topic for a lot of people. So can you just flesh out how you are feeling around that JV considering that, essentially out of the market for a few months really highlighted that maybe the market is ready for a different rating agency and arrangement over there? That's the right word. Thank you.
Rob Fauber: Yes, Alex, so maybe just to touch on that, obviously, CCXI had a license suspension, it was a three month suspension coming at the end of December. And they're taking a number of actions to address that. I guess, as I think about the China's strategy more broadly, we've got the MIS cross-border rating business; we've got the MA business in China, really no impact to that. In terms of the domestic-ready market, I mean, obviously, it's unfortunate that CCXI had this issue, but they do remain the leading domestic credit rating agency in China. And I think, early signs from the Biden administration, don't lead us to think that U.S. policy towards China is likely to soften meaningfully. So I think, for us looking at this, the environment for majority on U.S. firms, I think in important sectors, like credit ratings, I think will remain challenging to be truly successful over the long-term. So we're going to continue to collaborate with CCXI like we have been on things like commercial engagement. And I guess I would also say, Alex, given some of the challenges we've seen in the domestic credit rating industry, and we're also thinking about how we can capitalize on the demand for things like green finance and insights into small businesses and know your customer solutions. So, now thinking beyond CCXI, right, in October, we set up a new dedicated Product Development Group based in Shenzhen to develop data and analytics and other offerings for China's domestic risk markets. In November, we acquired a minority stake in a company called NEO tech. And they're a kind of a cutting-edge provider of alternative data and insights serving the ESG and KYC markets in Greater China. And then the last thing I'd say is, given the importance of sustainability and green finance in China, we'd also made an investment in a company called SynTao Green Finance, and we're very excited about that and helping to support the growth of that market.
Operator: Toni Kaplan of Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan: Rob, maybe you could help us understand your thoughts around M&A? Would you say you're more open to large deals? Or would you continue to stick to small or medium tuck-ins? And what would be sort of the most attractive for you in an M&A target? And what return thresholds do you look for?
Rob Fauber: So I'd say our M&A criteria remained very consistent. And we've talked about that over the years. What we're really looking for are things that are going to advance our strategy. And I laid that out in my prepared remarks and Cortera is an interesting example. Because there's a company where we were able to acquire data that we thought was very valuable across multiple customer segments and risk assessment use cases. So that's very attractive. Another good example, Toni would be what we did with climate, we bought 427, a couple years ago, but that climate data is now being used in the rating agency has been integrated into a wide range of risk offerings across MA in addition to the standalone 427 offerings. So those kinds of opportunities are very interesting to us, where we can acquire data and analytic capabilities that have relevance across a range of risk assessment use cases. And so that's what you've been seeing us do with some of these acquisitions we've done in commercial real estate and more recently Cortera. And I would just say that, when you've got very strong industrial logic like that, it helps us meet the kinds of return criteria that we have had for years.
Toni Kaplan: That's great. And then, you've mentioned in the past year ESG revenue was about $15 million to $20 million. Can you just update us on where that stands now and how fast it's growing? And then what particular areas of focus within ESG are you looking at in '21 relative to like initiatives and where do you see just the most opportunity there?
Mark Kaye: In 2020, our ESG revenue is approximately $17 million. We're looking to grow that by around 25% in 2021, through discrete sales to an external client. The interesting piece about ESG revenue for 2021 is, in addition to that, looking at another $5 million to $10 million for revenue that will be earned through either MIS using their data and analytics to inform ESG data and analytics to better inform can MIS ratings and enrich the research that we produce. And through MA, where we can continue to pilot and develop new products, including distributing ESG through CreditView and CreditEdge and some of our platforms. There are a lot of exciting developments that we have going into 2021 in terms of how we're thinking about our ESG products and that is, for example, include integrating our climate and ESG content into CreditView updating, this is something we just did. Our physical risk score is for over 5000s of the companies and that's leveraging the course BvD's data and methodology, of course, increasing our coverage around the transition risk. And then finally, of course, incorporating ESG within credit and having ESG issuer profile scores is credit impact frameworks. And so there's a lot of opportunity that we're capitalizing on this space. And so it's not just about the isolated ESG business, but how it integrates more holistically across the MCO.
Operator: Ashish Sabadra of Deutsche Bank.
Ashish Sabadra: Rob, thanks for providing the color on the integrated risk assessment market. And you're focused on the KYC and compliance obviously very high growth areas. I was just wondering as you think about your group going forward, in addition to KYC and compliance, are there other use cases or geographies which you think are pretty attractive from a growth perspective? Thanks
Rob Fauber: And just to clarify, you're talking about kind of our portfolio more broadly, is that right?
Ashish Sabadra: That's right. And how do you think about growing that business outside of even KYC and compliance? Thanks.
Rob Fauber: Yes. So maybe a couple of things I would say. First, I'm going to talk about kind of the broad portfolio of RD&A in MA that's where we obviously where we have that business today. There's a portfolio of content there, obviously, the KYC and financial crime solutions is one and we see some very strong growth rates behind that. There's also just a lot of demand for data and analytics on private companies that's to support, integrating that data into commercial lending decisions, supply chain management decisions, transfer pricing is another place where we're seeing some growth. And then we've also got in that broader portfolio within RD&A, a lot of credit research, data tools, that are also increasingly incorporating content, as Mark said, like ESG and climate and cyber. We're building out our commercial real estate content, because we got a lot of demand there from our core customer base around analytics and workflow tools for lenders and investors. And we're also seeing some good demand for our economics content. You think about that it's being used to support scenario analysis and market planning and stress testing.
Ashish Sabadra: That's very helpful color Rob. And maybe a quick question on the organic growth for the MA business, the high single-digit growth. If you could help parse the growth from RD&A, the recurring growth in ERS and then obviously, March, you talked about some of the headwinds from shift to the subscription model, but any incremental thunder that you put pieces there, that'll be helpful. Thanks.
Mark Kaye: Absolutely, I think forward to 2021, specifically, in terms of the growth here. We'll see the majority of growth is likely to be driven throughout RD&A segments. Rob spoke earlier, we spoken part of the prepared remarks around ERS and the ongoing transmission of that business towards more of a recurring revenue basis. That will offset some of the declining one-time sales in the ERS space. So if you're thinking about actually getting some of that low double-digit guidance, the majority will come through RD&A in 2021. And then we'll see a small growth but still growth within ERS over the year.
Operator: Andrew Nicholas with William Blair.
Andrew Nicholas: Let's hope you can provide a bit more detail on the different strategic investments in outlines on Slide 23. Maybe some examples of investments you're making that you're particularly excited about. And then, also wondering, is there any single initiative there that's outsized relative to the others in terms of both investment standard and total opportunity?
Mark Kaye: We certainly feel very positive about some of the areas that we're investing that $80 million to $100 million of cost efficiencies into, just to give you a sense, maybe we can start in the commercial real estate side, both growth through our recent business, and then the integration, obviously, of some of the data sets that we producing and many of our adjacencies into that those commercial real estate products. I think just simply adopting a KYC and compliance, it's about that further integration of the Acquire Media, RDC, BvD, Cortera type data sets that really didn't begin to allow us to create synergistic opportunities. And then, of course, on the ESG side here, how we're beginning to build through this, we spoke a minute ago to one of Tony's question of the creation of new products and opportunities that give a holistic integrated recipe out to the market.
Rob Fauber: Yes. And maybe let me add to that Mark, just specifically focusing on KYC and compliance and the company and reference data, because we've made a lot of investment there. And we're continuing to make investments there. But organic and inorganic and we're now three plus years out from the Bureau van Dijk acquisition. You remember that that puzzle page they are on the webcast and we're now thinking about this business more holistically, inside of them. And collectively, our company in reference data business, is growing sales is something like the high teens. So that suite of data products is performing very well. And we're continuing to look at opportunities to complement that Orbis data and you've seen us do that with RDC. That's where we got all the people data, Acquire Media, with all the adverse media and the Cortera acquisition, giving us even more data on private companies and commercial credit. So we're continuing to invest in building out what we think of as the world's most useful and usable database on companies. And let me give you an example of the kind of thing we've done recently. This is one of our organic investments, part of the integration of Bureau van Dijk and RDC. We just completed the first commercial release where we're bringing together the Orbis database and all of its corporate hierarchy data with all of the data on people risk profiles in RDC. And that's all in one simple interface and screening tool and that is very powerful. It creates a lot of efficiency for our customers. We think it's one of a kind in the market. That was really the promise of the acquisition of RDC, was to put all that in one place for our customers and we've had some immediate customer traction with this.
Andrew Nicholas: Great. That's helpful. And then maybe a follow up to that QIC discussion, obviously, it's, it's among the faster growing opportunities at Moody's from a margin perspective, is that becomes a bigger part of M&A, is that accretive to kind of the long-term margins for that business or pretty consistent with the segment as a whole?
Mark Kaye: Absolutely. So as we think about longer term KYC opportunity continues to be very attractive for us, both from a revenue and a margin perspective, we're not necessarily as focused on margins in the very near term was in bolt-on and integrate that business, we're very focused on ensuring that margin protocol approaches something like the BvD margin profile over the medium term. And that really gives you a sense of sort of how we're balancing that revenue growth versus margin profile over the next 12 to 18 months.
Rob Fauber: Overall, big scale business generally attractive margin profile.
Operator: Manav Patnaik of Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: I just wanted to focus on Cortera. So my first question is, I was hoping you could give us a little bit more on how big that asset is, what is going in -- already again, I believe in, just guide us through that also. Just wanted to see how much of a gap, let's say for income of the U.S., call it BvD is in tact, I suppose.
Rob Fauber: Okay. I think the acquisition of Cortera. It's not a big acquisition. But it's important. It's an important next step in enhancing this data business that I've been talking about, particularly in the U.S. and Canadian market. And they're already an important data contributor to our Orbis database. We've known Cortera for years, in fact, we worked with them on the know your supplier portal that we rolled out last year during the height of COVID. So we have a really good working relationship with them. And as I said, their data already contained Orbis database. But by owning Cortera, we now unlock the access to really their full suite of reference and trade credit data, as I said, 36 million companies with something like a trillion and a half data points, it's just an enormous amount of data that we think is going to have real relevance across the Moody's franchise and a key part of that is -- they're contributed towards accounts receivable network and that gives great insights on the company spending and commercial credit. And you asked about growth. I mean, frankly, Manav, I think they've really been focused on building out this data asset, rather than really focusing on growth, they have a very small sales force. So you the data is going to enhance our offerings, as I said, in multiple end markets. And then of course, we're going to enhance their offerings. We've got a lot of great proprietary credit and company data and analytics, we've got a global sales force, a big sales force in the United States to better serve, the Cortera's core market in our shared customers.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. Got it. And then, I guess a little data puzzle that you are putting together all across Moody's Analytics which I think all of that seemed pretty exciting. I was just wondering, how do you see ERS this puzzle within Moody's Analytics?
Rob Fauber: Yes. I guess the way I might think about Manav is, we've got an enormous content engine. And as you're getting a sense, this company in reference data that we talked about it kind of the puzzle piece. That's a big part of it. Now, we've got other content engines, right, the rating agency is producing an enormous amount of content. We've got commercial real estate capabilities. And then we have, I think that is kind of several ways to distribute that. One of them is through ERS. ERS is effectively a software that is being used and embedded into customer workflows to banks all across the world. And it gives us an opportunity, I always think of this kind of risk as a service. Maybe that's the term I'm going to coin on this call but there's -- we're putting a lot of that content, you can imagine the data, the analytics, we're putting that content through those software as a service solutions. We're also leveraging that content in our research business. And then we're looking for other ways to be able to distribute that content whether it's through APIs, whether it's through partnerships with third parties. So just a big content factory and I think of the software as a service business, the ERS business as one of the platforms for distributing that content. And the other thing I'd say about ERS is, it's deeply embedded into very important workflows at these financial institutions. So it is very sticky once it's installed.
Operator: George Tong of Goldman Sachs has our next question.
George Tong: I want to dive deeper into your operating margin expectations by segment. Holistically, you're expecting margins to be relatively flat this year. Assuming MA margins continue to increase, how are you thinking about MIS margins and the sustainability as that issuance levels begin to normalize?
Mark Kaye: Maybe I'll step back for a minute to talk a little bit about fourth quarter and then I'll talk a little bit about expectations for 2021 after that. And we are very aware based on our press release this morning at the first quarter margins for both MIS and MA even sales were down. And if I look at MCO in total, it's really the primary driver for that, fourth quarter expenses grew by 16%. But the primary drivers of that -- call that 11% of the 16% will really attribute to what I think of is unlikely to reoccur faster.  So five percentage points of that 16 was restructuring and severance expenses. On our efficiency programs, three percentage points of that would relate to sort of incentive stock and commissions on strong sales performance. And then, around three percentage points of that would relate really to the M&A impact as we continue to invest for growth. The underlying core expense base, there was really salary increases and hiring, and that was probably only 2%. So very consistent, very disciplined, very controlled. So now, if we step back from Q4 and we look at 2021, as a whole, we feel very comfortable in terms of maintaining our operating expense base to be supportive of the revenue that we're able to achieve in 2021. And that's what led us to give confidence in guiding towards that approximately 60% for that MIS margin outlook for 2021.
George Tong: Got it. That's helpful. And then switching gears, if we look at your issuance expectations, you're looking for high yield issuance to be round about mid single-digit off of difficult comps. You also cited some factors that can be very conducive to high yield issuance, like low default rates, low spreads, improving equity environment, M&A activity, et cetera. So how would you handicap the potential upside or downside versus your base case expectations for high yield?
Rob Fauber: George, I might even kind of broaden the lens out and just kind of talk about, the puts and takes overall to issuance and then maybe, I'll also touch on just kind of what we're seeing in the market right now in leveraged finance. But I think, in terms of upside, if we see, a faster than expected health recovery, leading to a faster than expected economic recovery, if I think that could provide some upside, we could see some things coming out of the Biden administration that may be supportive of issuance, whether it's around infrastructure, or public finance. M&A is a wildcard we've expected M&A activity to pick up to what looks more like, levels that we've seen in kind of 2018, 2019. But it's possible that we could see, M&A activity go beyond that. And that would provide some upside also to the specifically in a leveraged finance market. Leveraged loans, M&A activity, sponsor activity, would be very positive to the leveraged finance market. What could be a headwind; you've got a lot of companies that have a lot of liquidity. So, it, we have to see what the companies are going to do with all of that liquidity, where they're going to use that to pay down debt, whether you use that to make acquisitions, invest in their business. And of course, if we see things drag out in terms of health and economic recovery that I think will probably lead to some downside in issuance. Interestingly, and Mark and I were talking about this the other day, if we see things get worse with COVID, I don't think we expect to see another surge in liquidity driven financing, like we saw in the second quarter of last year, because you still got companies that still have very healthy cash positions.
Operator: Owen Lau of Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: Just want to quickly go back to the expense guidance up mid single digit? Could you please talk about your assumption in terms of the T&E and marketing? Do you also include, for example, additional severance and an incentive or any charges related to real estate, or reorganization? What are the key drivers of these expense growth?
Mark Kaye: If I think about the attribution of the 2020 actual expenses to 2021, outlook as mid single, it probably be, let's quote four primary categories. The first category is really that savings and efficiency, the 80 million to 100 million that we anticipate and creating, that's probably 3% to 3.5% of that expense base. And the whole point of those savings and efficiencies is that it's kind of enable us to self fund many of the opportunities that we see in 2021, as well as to be able to enhance our technology infrastructure, to better enable automation, innovation and efficiency. That investment base that it's going to go to is probably also going to consume somewhere between 3% and 3.5%. So you could almost see the savings and efficiency and the reinvestment back into the businesses washing itself out. And you probably got around 2% to 2.5% of expenses related to that incremental M&A activity. And that's going to be a big driver of that sort of guidance towards mid-single digit growth. We've got a little bit of FX in terms of headwinds, the dollar has depreciated over or expected to depreciate over 2021 vis-à-vis 2020 and that's probably another 2% to 2.5%. And then, of course, we don't expect to have sort of that same degree of restructuring and impairment charges. So that will give you a sort of sense of the breakdown in terms of thinking and coming up with that mid single-digit guidance. You had one specific question on T&E expenses. And we certainly have modeled an increase in T&E expenses, as we move through the year, we're probably going to return to a more normalized level, by the time we get to that third, maybe fourth quarter, but it's still going to be lower than those historical levels that we would have experienced, pre-pandemic as you become more efficient and more effective in communicating with our customers and workforce.
Owen Lau: So my follow up is, thank you for the color on Slide 15. I think it's very helpful. Could you please talk about maybe the pace of the integration in terms of these offerings? How do you expect, you can fully realize the synergy of these four great assets and drive additional growth and penetration instead of just some of its parts?
Rob Fauber: Yes, I guess I might start by, just going back to Bureau van Dijk and we have put some synergy targets out into the market at the time of the acquisition. And we've effectively achieved that. So we feel very good about the integration of Bureau van Dijk into the business. Then RDC is the other kind of big asset RDC has performed very well, in line with our expectations, since we acquired it. And the example I gave to you, earlier on the call that integration of RDCs grid database into the Orbis database to create a one stop shop is -- what we call compliance catalyst is a great example of one of the most important things that we wanted to achieve with the RDC integration. It was getting all that content that's relevant for our customers in one easy place for them to use. So our integration have already seen, that's a big milestone for us. So we feel very good about that. And we just bought Acquire Media back in October so we've got -- we actually stood up what we call an integration management office, as we've had a number of these bolt-on acquisitions and we wanted to make sure that we're able to get out of the business value as quickly as we can and get these corporate integrations done as quickly as we can to achieve that realize really the full potential of what we're acquiring.
Operator: Jeff Silber of BMO Capital Markets.
Jeff Silber: You might have answered this earlier. I just wanted to get a little bit of clarification. I think Toni had asked about your M&A strategy, we expect going forward most of the acquisitions would be in the MA area, as opposed to MIS, is there anything in MIS that might look attractive to you?
Rob Fauber: Yes. I mean, historically, that has been the case, there just aren't that many scaled opportunities to build out the rating business. Now, you did see us making investment last year in a Malaysian rating agency, that was important for us, because it's one of the largest Islamic finance markets in the world. And so that was that we thought that was an important opportunity to kind of augment the global rating capabilities around Islamic finance. As you look around the globe, there just aren't that many sizable domestic markets. And we're in them, we're in India, we're in China. The other thing I might say is, I think we highlighted in the webcast deck, we have been building out a platform in Latin America. We call it Moody's Local. And that's basically think of that as kind of a pan regional approach to domestic markets in Latin America, so that we can provide locally tailored products with local analysts to meet local market needs and we've been getting some good traction with that, but again, just, it just aren't that many sizable opportunities. And then you look over at MA and you look at the size of these addressable markets that I talked about and the growth rates and the nature of demand from our customers. So I think you'll see that trend continue that will make regionally focused investments in the rating agency and then we'll continue to build out our presence in these risk assessment markets in MA.
Jeff Silber: Okay, that's helpful. And then a quick question for Mark. Just looking at your MIS revenue guidance, can you scope out what the impact of acquisitions that would be in 2021?
Mark Kaye: I think about MIS for 2021, we are looking at organic growth consistent with our overall outlook of approximately flat for the year, organic acquisitions would be relatively immaterial to overall MIS after 2021. All right, if I had seen the MA, that I wasn't 100% sure, I should ignore and… And in terms of the M&A on MA, we're looking at around two to three percentage points of growth, from the inorganic acquisitions that we've completed over the last say four months.
Operator: Craig Huber from Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: I just want to get a little more clarity if I could, on the cost for the fourth quarter, what was incentive comp there, please? And what was it for the full year? And more importantly, can you quantify for us how much of the cost in the fourth quarter do you think are non-recurring and you guys call out this $30 million restructuring charge in your presentation packet and press release. But what else does is in there that can quantify that so called non-recurring? Have a follow up.
Mark Kaye: Good afternoon, great. Let me start with the 2020 full year incentive compensation number, and that was approximately $246 million. It's very consistent with the 2019 numbers, you'll recall 237. If I think forward to 2021, and the incentive compensation is expected to be between $50 million to $60 million per quarter. It's a little higher than what we had in 2020 really, as we bring on and align the incentive compensation plans of those inorganic acquisitions into our business, I thought it might also be helpful to touch on the expense, rent, that we anticipate in 2021, addressing the equation, and from Q1 to Q4, would look to guide to between $45 million and $55 million primarily driven by selective growth in some of the investments, additional salaries and benefits and increasing team to some extent, and then really other costs, that support overwriting a revenue growth line. The expense numbers from the fourth quarter just to close out completeness for your question, really restructuring severance is probably the biggest one there that was around 36-ish million dollars. And then, really that incentive, compensation stock information and that was above our normal run rate, that's probably another 23-ish. And those are the ones that I'd suggest adjust done.
Craig Huber: And, Rob, it's like each ask you, with the new Biden administration here in outlook seems to be with higher corporate tax rates, potentially, perhaps we'll get increased regulations out there. So if you maybe just touch on that to be a good patient reversal of the prior administration, what they potentially could need for debt issuance, once we get to that stage and also, without regulations on the rating agencies in general, I'd love to hear your thoughts on that, will that change and impact on ESG, perhaps favorably?
Rob Fauber: In regards to a potential increase in corporate taxes, I don't think it's the first priority of the Biden ministration. And I think, you know, the COVID recovery, and then the economic recovery are really the near term focus. So, we may see discussions in the back half of this year for potentially something in 2022. And in terms of how it could impact insurance, maybe we'll roll the clock back to when there were all these questions about what would happen when the decrease in corporate tax rates, and remember all the concern about the reduction of the value of the of the tax shield and was that going to reduce negatively impact the debt issuance. And our answer at the time was, well, it's certainly a factor, but it's just one factor that drives debt issuance. And I guess I would say kind of looking the other way, that in theory, the tax shield is going to be increased. But we, it could also be limiting, to some extent the free cash flow of issuers. But I think, in general I would expect this to be pretty modest. I mean, they're talking about a 28% rate that's still lower than where the tax rate was, before any of this change. I think I would just look at things like, the pandemic economic growth, low rates for longer geopolitical factors, I think they're going to be more impactful than, what looks like a relatively modest change in the corporate tax rate. You mentioned the EGA, certainly, the Biden administration is very focused on climate change. They've already announced an incentive to rejoin the Paris Agreement. It's one of their top priorities. I think what we're going to see is more ESG disclosures for one in the United States. I think there's a real desire to just get more comparability consistency, availability, verifiability, if that's even a word, and a desire to kind of harmonize around a framework. And I think ultimately, that'll be good for the market, that'll be good for us as a provider of ESG data and analytics, I think we're very well positioned to capitalize on the increased focus on ESG.
Operator: From Kevin McVeigh of Credit Suisse.
Kevin McVeigh: Just a follow-up on ESG. Just any thoughts as to the restructuring of how that relates to agreeable business as part of the restructuring and how it's going to impact the rest of Moody's?
Mark Kaye: Kevin, this is Mark here, just confirming -- just because the audio broke up a little bit there, you're specifically asking about the restructuring programs that we're putting in place or something different?
Kevin McVeigh: Nope, that's right, Mark.
Mark Kaye: So, Kevin, in late December, we approved a new restructuring program that we estimate is going to result in annualized savings of something between $25 million and $30 million per year and that's going to -- that program specifically relates to the strategic reorganization within the MA reportable segment. We also put in place just as a reminder, in July, a separate restructuring program primarily in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and that was around the rationalization and the exit of certain real estate leases. So if I put those two together, total restructuring charges in 2020 were around $50 million and we expect that those 2020 actions are going to generate a little bit more than maybe $30 million in run rate savings. Now if I broaden the lens just for a second and I step back and I think in total since mid-2018 and including our expectations for 2021, our rationalization and efficiency initiatives will have created almost $180 million in run rate savings and we probably rough order of magnitude invested about 50% of that towards expanding the margin. We certainly saw the benefit of that in 2020 and about 50% of that reinvesting back into the business to support future growth.
Kevin McVeigh: That's super helpful. And then with the issues that was -- does that factor any of the 1.1 trillion [Technical Difficulty].
Rob Fauber: Yes. I think in general, we have an assumption that there will be a stimulus package. I don't think we've necessarily tried to quantify the size of it in our assumptions around issuance, but if there were no stimulus package that would be a negative to our outlook and I think in terms of things like infrastructure, I think that was sufficiently uncertain enough for us as we were thinking about our outlook that we hadn't incorporated specifically or explicitly some sort of infrastructure package and what the upside. So if there were a meaningful infrastructure package, bill, I think that could provide some upside, I think you'd see that in our PPIF segment and ratings.
Operator: Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: I just want to hone in a little bit on that Cortera acquisition. Rob, Cortera besides focusing on banks and providing some of the information for your scores and stuff like that, their trade credit is actually pretty interesting and have been kind of a perennial thorn in the side of DNB. Is that something that you guys are planning to pursue further to be more in the trade credit area? Can you elaborate on kind of the strategy and that part of their business?
Rob Fauber: Yes. So maybe I'll go back to -- you're right, that trade credit data is really interesting valuable data, was part of the appeal of that acquisition and as we've said, I think you're going to see us thread that through our offerings ranging from know your customer. We've got a procurement catalyst that supports supply chain risk management. It will be useful there. You can imagine us we're thinking about integrating that into our commercial lending solutions. So a number of ways that we see monetizing that trade credit content and I mentioned earlier, we have a lot of content. Obviously, through not only Orbis, but all of our credit capabilities and so we think there is some opportunities to enhance their core offering. We have a big sales force here in the United States and better serve their core market.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. So is that a, yes, we could be more heavy in the trade credit area. Is that the way to understand besides, obviously, enhancing the other part of your business?
Rob Fauber: There are multiple ways to win here, would be my answer.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. And then just, Mark, is Cortera part of your guidance as well in terms of the growth or not?
Mark Kaye: Shlomo, we have incorporated Cortera into our guidance for 2021. And maybe if I just step back and I think about both Acquire Media, VM Financial, Cortera and Catalyst just in aggregate this might be helpful, the relative adjusted EPS impact for our 2021 guidance is relatively small, probably around $0.05 or so. The margin impact, as we spoke a little bit earlier on the call is a bit more impactful. We see around 130-ish basis points impact to the MA adjusted margin and around 60 basis points negative impact obviously to the MCO adjusted margin. So that might give some color in terms of those recent acquisitions and how they impact our guidance for the year, fully incorporated.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll now hear from Simon Clinch of Atlantic Equities.
Simon Clinch: I was wondering if you could cycle back to what you are building within RD&A. And really I'm interested in how competitive the environment is for acquiring these data assets that you are hoping to continue doing because obviously it's not our notice that this is a very desirable part of the market. And so I'm just wondering how you think about that competitive environment and how and why Moody's should win in sort of getting the assets that you need and want?
Rob Fauber: It's a very competitive market. It's a frothy market. You see the valuations are quite expensive. And we have always had a very disciplined approach to M&A, which I think puts a real premium on the industrial logic of these acquisitions, because we want to make sure that we are the natural owner for these assets and that the industrial logic gives us ways to really enhance and monetize what we're buying. You go back to Cortera as a good example. I talked about the value of the data, putting it through multiple of our product offerings. When we looked at Cortera and I think they felt the same way, they felt we were the natural owner for that business. I feel the same way about RDC. And that's because when you think about what's going on with our customers, back to some of my prepared remarks, our customers have huge pain points around understanding the risk of who they are onboarding as customers and monitoring those and it has historically been a fragmented manual approach. And so the real promise of RDC was to be able to put all that together for our customers and that then allows us to be competitive in our process where there are other parties that are looking at these assets. Certainly other companies are investing in anti-financial crime and know your customer because it is very high-growth space, attractive place to be. So that industrial logic allows us to be not only be the ultimate owner, but also to meet our acquisition criteria at the same time.
Simon Clinch: And then just following up on ERS, I just want to make sure I understand this right. There is some fantastic growth in the recurring revenue line. But you're effectively winding down the sort of one-time transactional side of that business. So I just wanted to make sure I understood sort of how -- I guess how long that sort of wind-down should last and when we should start to see that really strong growth from the recurring side flows through more optically?
Rob Fauber: Through the total revenue line. Yes. And, Simon, you've got it exactly right. Mark touched on it earlier. We've got low double-digit recurring revenue growth. That is the focus for us. It's building up the recurring revenue, the subscription part of the business and as you saw in the fourth quarter that was almost fully offset by that decline in one-time sales. Now, we had talked about one-time sales being soft back in 2020. We also had a very tough comp on one-time sales. But the reality is, I'm not sure I'd say winding down, but I would say de-emphasizing. There are some customers who still only want an offering through a licensed solution and in that case, we're probably going to sell it to them. But our real focus is on recurring revenue. So we are kind of pushing through right now where you're seeing the overall top-line is a little bit soft relative to what it's been historically but that recurring revenue line is very strong. And what Simon maybe to give you also just a little bit of insights into what is driving that low double-digit revenue growth for recurring revenue. There are really three main things I would say. One is insurers, they're seeking our help in getting compliant. You've heard us talking about IFRS 17 regulatory requirement. That stuff is very computationally demanding. And some of you may remember, we bought a company called GGY a few years ago. And the GGY product suite, along with our own internal product development has really set us up nicely to capture the demand there. So we're not only just adding new customers, but we're building new modules, we're adding analytic capabilities and we're deepening our penetration with the existing insurance customer base. That's a great story. Second, we've got ongoing demand from U.S. financial institutions to comply with the credit loss reporting requirements. And then third, you've heard us talk about credit lends, right, our commercial lending application in the past. Again, we're deepening our penetration with our existing bank customers. We're adding modules and capabilities that they need. This is another land and expand story and a great example that we launched an automated spreading tool called QUIQspread that came out of our accelerator. It's really an employee-driven innovation that worked its way through the accelerator and that's now -- we're selling that alongside credit lends and it's in use at over 40 global banks. So that's what's driving the demand. And as you said, we're going to continue to have some headwinds. I don't know exactly how long that's going to be. I would imagine in the next couple of years as that as that one-time line continues to decline.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And it appears there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call over to our presenters for any closing or additional comments.
Rob Fauber: Yes. I guess, I would just say thank you for joining today's call. I hope you all are well and we look forward to speaking with you again in the spring. Thank you very much.
Operator: And this does conclude Moody's fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings section at the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 PM Eastern Time Today on Moody's IR Web site. Thank you. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-30 11:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Moody's Corporation Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shivani Kak: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's third quarter 2020 results as well as our outlook for full year 2020. I'm Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the third quarter of 2020 as well as our outlook for full year 2020. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Mark Kaye, Moody's Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures referenced during this call and GAAP. I call your attention to the safe harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Towards -- today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, our quarterly report form on 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the SEC's website. These, together with the safe harbor statement set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media maybe on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. Before we begin, we would like to comment on the succession plan that was announced last week. Ray McDaniel will retire as President and CEO of Moody's on December 31, up to nearly 34 years with the company, including over 15 years as CEO. We are very pleased that the Board has appointed Rob Fauber, Moody's Chief Operating Officer, as Ray's successor. Ray will remain on the Board upon his retirement and will assume the role of Chairman effective January 1.  I will now turn the call over to Ray.
Raymond McDaniel: Thank you, Shivani, and good morning, everyone. Before we discuss the company's performance, I want to take just another minute to reflect on the leadership succession plan. As Shivani mentioned, I'll be retiring from Moody's at the end of the year. And with the unanimous approval of the Board of Directors, Rob Fauber will succeed me as President and CEO. I will continue to serve on the Moody's Board, while I will assume the role of Chairman. Rob has now joined the Board, and we will work closely together as well as with senior leadership and our fellow directors to ensure a smooth and successful transition. Leaving a job you love and people you respect is not easy, especially at such a great company. I'd like to thank our employees for their unyielding commitment to quality and rigor and trust holding Moody's purpose to bring clarity, knowledge and fairness to an interconnected world. It has been a privilege working with you all. While it's difficult to leave, I'm confident that this is the right time in the company's evolution for this transition to take place. Moody's is stronger now than ever before, and the company is well positioned for the future. Rob's impressive record of achievement during his 15 years at the company, combined with his deep knowledge of our businesses and the needs of our customers, make him the ideal leader to take Moody's into its next chapter. I think you all know Rob well. Since joining Moody's in 2005, he has shown himself to be an innovative, strategic and results-oriented leader and someone who cares deeply about our people. He has grown with the company and has served in a number of leadership roles, most recently as Chief Operating Officer, where he's overseeing both MIS and MA as well as strategy and marketing for the corporation. I am confident he will continue to maximize our strengths and champion collaboration, innovation and efficiency across the company. Moody's future is in excellent hands. And with that, let me turn the call over to Rob to say a few words.
Robert Fauber: Yes. Thanks, Ray. It's been our privilege to work alongside Ray and have benefited from his mentorship over the past 15 years. I'm also proud to be able to call him a friend. Under Ray's leadership, Moody's has experienced the strongest growth in its history. And during his tenure, Ray implemented some very important enhancements to the company's business, including growing and strengthening the ratings and research business, expanding the company's international presence in building the company's data and analytics businesses. He's positioned the company for continued global growth and success. And as we look forward, I believe we have an enormous opportunity. In this rapidly changing world, understanding and managing risk is more important than ever, and we're focused on offering our customers solutions that leverage integrated data and technology that's grounded in our history of insights and analytical excellence. I thank Ray for his mentorship and support, and I look forward to working with him, the Board and the entire Moody's team to continue providing trusted insights and standards to help decision-makers act with confidence. We've got an exciting journey ahead. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Ray.
Raymond McDaniel: Rob, thanks for the gracious words. And congratulations to you again. I'll now move on to provide a general update on the business, including Moody's third quarter 2020 financial results. Mark Kaye will then provide further details on our third quarter performance and also comment on our revised outlook for 2020. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. I want to commend our employees on their hard work during these trying times. Your dedication and focus on delivering best-in-class customer service help Moody's achieve strong third quarter revenue growth of 9% and adjusted diluted earnings per share growth of 25%. Both Moody's Investor Service and Moody's Analytics performed well, despite the difficult environment, exhibiting the resiliency of our organization and the relevance of our products, insights and solutions. Underlying this performance were highly active credit markets, which continued to benefit from fiscal and monetary stimulus, coupled with issuers looking to opportunistically refinance debt and fortify their cash positions. And we continue to innovate and integrate our award-winning suite of products in response to increasing customer demands for easy-to-use unified solutions. Finally, given our outperformance year-to-date, we've significantly raised and narrowed our full year 2020 adjusted diluted EPS guidance range to $9.95 to $10.15. Looking at third quarter 2020 results. Moody's total revenue increased 9%, with 11% growth from MIS and 7% growth from MA. Moody's adjusted operating income of $721 million was up 17% from the prior year period. Solid revenue growth from our 2 businesses outpaced the relatively small increase in operating expenses, driving 370 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion. Third quarter adjusted diluted EPS of $2.69 was up 25%. Turning to the credit markets. And as I've talked about on prior calls, this year, we've experienced a dichotomy between the real economy and the credit markets. The real economy remained in flux as resurgent COVID-19 cases within certain parts of the U.S. and Europe caused these areas to begin rolling back reopening measures. While friction between China and the U.S. continue to escalate in the third quarter, the geopolitical environment remained largely as the same, but with increased focus on the upcoming outcome of the U.S. election in November.  Meanwhile, incremental macroeconomic responses were mixed with the implementation of new stimulus measures in certain jurisdictions and uncertainty or lack of actions in others. This is in stark contrast to the credit markets, where fixed rate bond issuance reached new records as issuers bolstered their balance sheets and opportunistically refinanced debt. The M&A pipeline showed positive indicators of recovery among investment-grade issuers. However, activity was still muted in comparison to the prior year. Leverage loans also showed signs of improvement but remained relatively weak in comparison to bonds as demand for floating rate debt was limited.  I'd now like to go into more detail on corporate finance, which was a key contributor to MIS' strong performance. The chart on the left shows the percentage of MIS' total rated issuance by line of business over the last 7 quarters with corporate finance issuance in 2020 increasing to approximately 50%.  As shown on the right-hand side of the slide, activity for this sector grew 10% year-over-year. Favorable mix with more infrequent issuers coming to market resulted in a 23% increase in nonfinancial corporate or CFG transaction revenue. Over the years, we have purposefully oriented ourselves towards more transaction-based pricing agreements. Our data shows that this strategy creates greater value over time, and you can see that positive dynamic in this quarter. As I noted earlier, refinancing and liquidity issuance were the main drivers this quarter, similar to the trend we observed in the second quarter. As spreads tightened and overall yields declined, refinancing took on a more opportunistic top, while activity related to shareholder payments and M&A continued to lag. While refinancing was a key issuance driver this quarter, the refunding needs over the next 4 years for North American and European issuers increased 10% year-to-date to approximately $3.8 trillion. Of that total, approximately 20% is forecast to mature in 2021. Furthermore, of the 2021 maturities, only about 1/3 are in the U.S., where we have seen the greatest amount of issuance this year. Our views that a portion of 2020 activity represents what we think of as contingent pull forward where companies issue debt to fortify their cash positions until they become more confident in the future operating environment. The extent to which this may then impact the refinancing of some 2021 maturities through cash on hand remains to be seen and depends heavily on how the economic outlook develops.  The refinancing needs shown on this slide represent a robust base of future issuance, even though the average maturity has lengthened for investment-grade. Specifically, due to lower benchmark rates and steady spread tightening, U.S. investment-grade issuers have been incentivized to lengthen the maturity of their bonds to take advantage of low overall effective yields. This is evidenced by the higher year-to-date average investment-grade maturity of 14.5 years compared to 12.4 years in 2019. This was partially the outcome of a nearly 60% increase year-to-date in 11- to 30-year issuance, as shown in the light green bar on the left-hand chart. This was especially pronounced in the third quarter where 50% of investment-grade issuance was longer than 10 years.  Many have asked us where the longer average bond maturities would have a dampening effect on refinancing needs in the medium term. While this is an important trend to follow, the impact to date has been relatively muted for 2 primary reasons. First, year-to-date, the increase in maturities was limited to investment-grade as speculative grade bond issuance saw a decrease in average maturity to 7.5 years due to the substantial rise in the use of medium-term maturity bonds.  Second and perhaps more importantly, while there has been an uptick in longer-dated investment-grade supply, the absolute rise in issuance volume has resulted in a significant increase in 1- to 10-year bond maturities. Specifically, investment-grade issuance volumes with 1- to 10-year maturities rose by more than $160 billion year-to-date as compared to full year 2019 or more than 43%, supporting healthy future refunding needs. Turning to Moody's Analytics. The business continued to show resilience, delivering strong sales growth, despite the challenging COVID-19 environment. High demand for our insights and analytics supported solid customer retention across both lines of business and an overall retention rate of 94% reflects the relevance and importance of our solutions during uncertain times. Stable retention rates, together with growth in subscription sales, led to better-than-expected performance in the third quarter. M&A continues to successfully convert the existing sales pipeline as our sales force and customers have adapted to the virtual working environment. The pipeline for 2021 is encouraging especially for high margin, recurring revenue subscription products, partially offset by softness in onetime project sales. We have a busy season in the winter months, and we'll provide our 2021 outlook early next year after we examine the sales mix and performance in the fourth quarter. Maintaining healthy sales pipeline and strong customer retention rates requires ongoing innovation to ensure that we continue delivering solutions that meet emerging customer needs. By combining new modules with our established products, we provide our customers with the tools they need to make better decisions. This quarter, we launched 2 new integrated solutions that bring our capabilities together and offer more powerful solutions.  Leveraging natural language processing and machine learning, our credit sentiment score provides customers with early credit-relevant warning indicators. We are pairing this tool with our corporate credit scoring products, CreditEdge and RiskCalc. Together, these capabilities deliver a solution that helps customers monitor their portfolios for potential credit deterioration. Similarly, we've incorporated ESG and climate assets within our flagship product CreditView, also known as moodys.com.  Using data from Vigeo Eiris and Four Twenty Seven, customers are now able to see the sustainability risk metrics of their portfolio companies, along with their credit ratings, providing them with the tools and data needed to take a more holistic approach to evaluating credit decisions. In addition to enhancing our current portfolio organically, we are also investing in the business via acquisitions and partnerships. In the past, we've spoken about our strategic growth priorities of regional expansion and business adjacencies. And we recently made a number of exciting investments in both areas. Starting with business adjacencies. Our acquisition of Acquire Media and AI-powered curated real time news aggregator expands our growing KYC capabilities. The acquisition bolsters our ability to provide customers with counterparty screening and surveillance as well as early warning signals to help them make better decisions.  We have also made significant progress on our ESG initiatives. The formation of the ESG Solutions group in September combines our internal capabilities with our strategic investments in Vigeo Eiris and Four Twenty Seven. The team will facilitate coordinated efforts across Moody's as well as unify innovation and product creation.  Turning to regional expansion. We recently acquired a minority stake in MARC, a Malaysian rating agency, which strengthens Moody's presence in Southeast Asia and positions us as a leader in Islamic finance. In China, we created the commercial strategies group to help identify and capture growth opportunities for MA. The team will ensure that our new product development and innovation plans align with market opportunities as well as help support the advancement of China's domestic markets and global economy through data, analytics and insights.  Over in Latin America, we continue to build on our Moody's local platform with the recent expansion into Argentina and Uruguay, which combines the strength and expertise of our brand with understanding of the domestic credit markets. As we continue to invest in our capabilities to fulfill customer needs, we are also looking internally at our workplace of the future. We're excited about the level of engagement from our employees in helping to define our new working environment as their input is key to maintaining our strong culture. By leveraging our existing technological capabilities, we are confident we will not only be able to execute on expense-saving opportunities but also uphold the exceptional level of service our customers have come to expect.  I'll now turn the call over to Mark Kaye to provide further details on Moody's third quarter results and our revised outlook for 2020.
Mark Kaye: Thank you, Ray. As Ray mentioned earlier, MIS continued to demonstrate strong operating leverage in part through disciplined expense management. This quarter's 11% revenue growth outpaced the 4% increase in issuance due to favorable revenue mix in both corporate and financial institutions lines of business. The largest contributor was corporate issuance, which exhibited 18% revenue growth as compared to a 10% increase in global activity, as both investment-grade and speculative-grade issuers bolster their liquidity positions and opportunistically refinance debt ahead of potentially volatile for the quarter. Similarly, financial institutions revenue benefited from favorable mix as the top line grew 12%, despite a 12% global issuance decline. This was due to a 77% increase in activity from infrequent U.S. bank issuers as the larger, more frequent U.S. banks were more subdued, having issued heavily in prior quarters. In public, project and infrastructure finance, revenue rose 11% mostly due to a 25% increase in U.S. public finance activity we issued to take advantage of receptive credit market conditions and historically low all-in coupon rates. Meanwhile, structured finance revenue declined 16% compared to a 22% decrease in global issuance, stemming from weakness in CLOs as the lack of new loans supplying wider spreads hindered new CLO creation.  We are pleased to see an uptick in first-time mandates in the third quarter through a combination of increased high-yield bond issuance and early signs of resumption in M&A activity. Overall, approximately 540 mandates have been signed year-to-date, which was ahead of our prior expectations. A significant revenue growth and ongoing expense discipline led to an expansion of adjusted operating margin by 410 basis points.  Moving over to MA. Third quarter revenue grew 7%, or 8% on an organic constant-currency basis. By collaborating with customers to power their decision ecosystems, we help them measure, manage and understand risk. This is even more important in times of uncertainty and underpinned our impressive mid-'90s retention rates. Furthermore, MA's recurring revenue base represents 90% of the total, up 6% year-over-year, providing ballots to Moody's overall revenue mix.  Focusing first on RD&A. The growing importance of knowing your customers, suppliers and supply chain helped MA expand its KYC and compliance business this quarter. This, together with robust sales of research and data feed products, have a 22% increase in revenue or 12% on an organic basis. Within ERS, revenue grew 8% or 7% on an organic basis. Strong performance in credit assessment and loan origination solutions such as credit lines drove growth with additional support from our suite of insurance products.  In the third quarter, the MA adjusted operating margin increased 220 basis points. In conjunction with the growth in revenue, incentive compensation accruals increased but were partially offset through expense discipline and lower travel and entertainment costs.  Turning to Moody's full year 2020 guidance. Moody's outlook for 2020 is based on assumptions regarding many geopolitical conditions and macroeconomic and capital market factors. These include, but are not limited to, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, responses by governments, regulators, businesses and individuals as well as the effects on interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, capital markets liquidity and activity in different sectors of the debt market. The outlook also reflects assumptions regarding general economic conditions and GDP growth in the U.S. and Euro area, the company's own operations and personnel and additional items as detailed in the earnings release. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty, and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook.  Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. Specifically, our full costs for the remainder of 2020 reflects U.S. exchange rates for the British pound of $1.29 and for the euro, $1.17. The guidance also assumes a previously announced restructuring program around the rationalization and exit of certain real estate leases estimated to result in total pretax charges of $25 million to $35 million. Of this total, $25 million to $30 million is expected to be recorded in the second half of the year, including the $23 million charge incurred in the third quarter. This program is expected to result in estimated annualized savings of $5 million to $6 million.  For full list of our guidance, please refer to Table 12 of our earnings release. We have raised our full year 2020 guidance for most key metrics as compared to the prior forecast and now anticipate that Moody's revenue will increase in the high single-digit percent range. Our upward revision outpaces that of our operating expenses, which we now expect to increase in the low single-digit percent range. The resulting improvement in operating leverage supports our upwardly revised adjusted operating margin guidance in a range of 48% to 49% to approximately 50%.  We are reaffirming both the net interest expense and full year effective tax rate guidance ranges of $180 million to $200 million, and 19.5% to 21.5%, respectively. The diluted EPS full cost has been significantly raised and narrowed to a range of $9.30 to $9.50 and adjusted diluted EPS to a range of $9.95 to $10.15. Free cash flow is now expected to be approximately $1.8 billion.  In prior quarterly earnings calls, we noted uncertainties surrounding the impact of the pandemic. As a result, temporarily paused share repurchases as we monitored the effects of COVID-19 on our business. After careful evaluation, we are pleased to announce that we expect to resume share repurchases in the fourth quarter, and we are providing guidance of approximately $500 million in buybacks for the year.  Our full year 2020 guidance is underpinned by the following macro assumptions. 2020 U.S. and euro area GDP to decline approximately 6% and 9%, respectively. The U.S. unemployment rate to end the year at approximately 8%. Benchmark interest rates to stay low with U.S. high-yield spreads of approximately 500 basis points and the global high-yield default rate to rise to approximately 8% by year-end. We continue to closely monitor both the macroeconomic backdrop and credit market activity as we head into the fourth quarter.  Turning to the operating segments. For MIS, with the surging issuance year-to-date, we now anticipate full year revenue to increase in the low double-digit percent range with rated issuance growing in the high teens. MIS guidance assumes investment-grade activity for the full year increases 60%, up from our prior assumption of 50%. High-yield issuance increases 25%, up from 5%. Bank loan issuance declines 10%, up from a 20% decline. Constructed issuance declined 35%, slightly higher than our prior expectation of a 40% decline.  Additionally, with the increase in first-time mandates in the third quarter, we have raised our full year expectation from approximately $550 million to a range of $600 million to $700 million. As a reminder, first-time mandates are an integral part of MIS' future growth, enabling us to generate incremental revenue not only through issuance but also through future annual monitoring fees.  Given the likely contingent pull-forward activity that we have discussed, we believe that the majority of issuers that we're looking to refinance of [indiscernible] liquidity in 2020 have already done so. Furthermore, we anticipate that M&A, although on a positive trend compared to activity earlier in the year, will remain relatively limited during the fourth quarter.  Turning to MIS' adjusted operating margin. We are also raising our guidance by 2 percentage points to approximately 60%. This is driven by both year-to-date revenue growth continuing to outperform and disciplined expense management inclusive of our incentive compensation accruals. With over 50 quarters of consecutive growth in MA, we are pleased to reaffirm full year 2020 revenue growth guidance in the mid-single-digit percent range. Our guidance reflects a net unfavorable impact of approximately 2 percentage points from the divestiture of MAKS and FX, partially offset by growth from targeted acquisitions, including RDC, RiskFirst, ABS Suite and Acquire Media. We expect RD&A revenue growth in the fourth quarter to a gain, driven by KYC and compliance solutions as well as research and data feeds. Similarly, continued strength in ERS from lending software and analytics such as private lendings and IFRS 17 solutions support steady growth in 2020.  MA's reaffirmed adjusted operating margin guidance of approximately 30% is driven by operating leverage created by the ongoing transition to scalable subscription-based product and focused expense management initiatives.  Before turning the call back over to Ray, I would like to highlight a few key takeaways. First, we are pleased to raise guidance metrics for the full year due to better-than-expected performance in the third quarter, driven by the high demand for Moody's award-winning suite of products, insights and solutions. Second, we continued to innovate and reinvest in our business to further enhance our relevance and meet our customers' evolving needs, positioning Moody's for sustainable long-term success. Third, in this increasingly complex environment, we remain committed to all of our stakeholders. Our thoughtful approach to expense management, our future workplace environment and prudent capital allocation is designed to ensure ongoing operational and financial flexibility.  I am also personally excited and energized by Rob Fauber's appointment as the incoming President and CEO of Moody's, given his impressive record of achievement and his deep knowledge of our businesses and the needs of our customers. I also want to sincerely thank Ray for his leadership, guidance and friendship over the past several years. I've thoroughly enjoyed working with and learning from him. And with that, let me turn the call back over to Ray.
Raymond McDaniel: Thank you, Mark. This concludes our prepared remarks. So Rob Fauber, Mark Kay and I would be happy to answer any questions that you might have. So please, operator, if we can open this up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we'll first hear from Kevin McVeigh of Crédit Suisse.
Kevin McVeigh: Congratulations to you, Ray, Rob as well and really just all around really, really good results. It's good to go on, on top, Ray, and you set a tough bar for Rob, but it's a lot of hard work there. I wanted to start with just the margins in Moody's Analytics, really nice improvement. Just wondering if you could help us frame that out a little bit in terms of what drove it and how sustainable it is going forward?
Mark Kaye: Thank you for the question. And perhaps before I address the question directly, I thought, for context, it's worth noting that we had over 500 basis points of margin expansion in Moody's Analytics over the past 3 years, a very impressive result on a continued trend. For the third quarter specifically, the reported MA margin expanded by 220 basis points to 31.4% this quarter. And that was primarily driven by over 300 basis points of core expansion. And so I think about RD&A being 200 basis points of that and maybe ERS being around 100 basis points of that.  And that was offset in part by incentive compensation trips during the quarter. We have maintained our 2020 MA segment margin guidance of approximately 30%. That represents over 200 basis points of margin expansion on a trailing 12-month basis from 2019. We do expect continued margin expansion over the long term. We may see some pressure in the next 12 to 18 months, depending on the ultimate duration and severity of the ongoing COVID-19 economic impact, but we do feel very positive about this business.
Kevin McVeigh: That's great. And then Mark, maybe just within the context of MA as well, almost a 95% retention rate in this environment seems really, really impressive. Maybe some puts and takes around that in terms of what's driving that? And then ultimately, even within the context of with bankruptcies a little bit better, client losses, anything like that, because really just a really, really nice outcome.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. Rob, did you want to address that?
Robert Fauber: Yes, sure. Yes, the overall retention rate across MA, as you say, has remained very strong. In fact, probably ticked up slightly. That's led by our research products and 96% retention there, very, very strong. I think what you're seeing is in an environment of uncertainty, our customers really, really value the insights and expertise that we're able to offer them. So I think that's supporting the retention. But you also see the retention rates in our ERS and BvD businesses. We have that on the webcast. And I think that goes to the fact that these are embedded into customer workflows and viewed as kind of must-have solutions. So when you think about the ERS suite of solutions, these are being used for loan origination, regulatory capital reporting, accounting, all sorts of things. So that supports those retention rates. And just like with BvD, a lot of that data is being used to support the compliance solutions, which again, really supports those retention rates.
Raymond McDaniel: Thank you, Kevin, and thank you for your comments at the beginning also.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Manav Patnaik of Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: And my congratulations to both Ray and Rob as well. The first question I had was just to try to think about some of the moving pieces, particularly around issuance in the fourth quarter. Clearly, there's going to be some election volatility, and that depends on how the markets should act. But what I wanted to ask was the surge in investment-grade and high-yield issuance that we saw that surprised a lot of us after the first set of lockdowns, in your sense, do you think a lot of the IG companies have raised cash in terms of maybe what they anticipate they needed? Or do you think if there's another lockdown, you could see some kind of a repeat of that coming?
Mark Kaye: Manav, this is Mark and get off today, and I think given the nature of your question, what I'll do share is maybe a little bit different from what we've done in the past. And I'll start really by talking about what we're hearing from the banks and then we'll open it up for any further next follow-on questions from that.  So starting with the U.S. investment-grade. The banks have seen record issuance, which was increasingly driven by opportunistic issuers looking to take advantage of historically low rates and tight spreads in the third quarter. Our fiscal and monetary responses have facilitated markets stability but companies continue to build liquidity reserves in case of uncertainty. As a result, the cash balances have surged over the last two quarters. The banks view it as likely that while a portion of this cash will be deployed in 2021 as business fundamentals normalize, the majority may be used to fund near-term debt maturities contingent upon the future operating environment. Specifically, the banks have also seen strong interest in longer 40-year bond durations and a notable increase in ESG and sustainability bond issuance.  For the remainder of the year, the banks believe that activity will slow as many companies have completed their necessary funding for the year. However, some may continue to take advantage of favorable low rates and type spreads. And then to date, M&A activity or M&A-related issuance has been significantly returned. The pipeline looks relatively muted. However, there are indications that M&A volumes may be bottoming. Further uncertainty around the occurrence and timing of fiscal stimulus, rising infection, vaccine trials, election results and tenant rates, of course, are going to continue to weigh on the market. They've given their view for investment-grade issuance to be up 50% to 60% for the full year. Moving on to U.S. spec grade. Similar to the investment-grade market, active high-yield bond issuance has been driven by record low rates and tightening spreads. The volume of the high-yield bond issuance year-to-date has passed full year 2019 as well as the yearly totals for the last 10 years. Conversely, leverage loan issuance has lagged and that a weak technical backdrop slowing CLO formation and low demand. And for the remainder of the year, high-yield bond and leverage loan issuance is expected to slow in the fourth quarter. Given that most refinancing needs were funded ahead of the uncertainty for next week's election and, obviously, a second wave of potential COVID-19 cases. Turning to European investment-grade. Despite the recent spike of COVID-19 cases, our Central Bank's support and strong investor demand have continued and spread narrowing, with investment-grade spreads recovering to about 80% of their levels before the pandemic. Our ESG issuance continues to increase with around 10% of corporate bond issuance in 2020 label this ESG bonds. Reverse Yankee issuance remains muted with volumes down more than 20% year-to-date, and that's due to the favorable rates in the U.S. For the full year, the bank's full cost of European investment-grade issuance to be up 5%. And then finally, for European spec grade, issuance has been similarly supported by proactive monetary and fiscal policies as well as returning investor demand for high-risk investments. This has allowed the leveraged finance market to remain relatively healthy, with the forward pipeline looking more robust than previous months. And so far, October has been a busy month, obviously, also in anticipation of volatility that may be caused by the U.S. election. And with that, let me pause there to see if there are any further questions.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. I guess, I'll have to digest that more. But maybe just a follow-up with me. Just on the KYC business, could you just help frame what the competitive landscape there looks like and perhaps also if that means there could be many more tuck-ins coming here for U.S.?
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. Rob, I think this is for you.
Robert Fauber: Yes. I'd be happy to take that. And Manav, what I might also do is maybe provide you a little bit of color on kind of what we're seeing in the KYC space. So as you know, we've got a leading position in that market. We're competing against players like Refinitiv, LexisNexis, Dun & Bradstreet and a number of others. But there's some interesting trends going on in the KYC space. So first, COVID's really accelerated a digital transformation in KYC and customer onboarding. And I think lockdowns have made the old-fashioned way of doing all this stuff quite challenging. Companies are looking for more precise filters and ways to focus what and when they look at individuals and entities. And we actually had a very large bank tell us recently that for the first time, their legal and compliance teams are pushing for their KYC teams to use external vendors and solutions that better leverage data and technology than what they're doing in-house. So automation not only brings efficiency, but also improves reliability and quality control. And you see what happens in the market, some of these headlines when these banks get this stuff wrong, the fines can be in the billions.  The second regulation continues to develop and evolve in this space. And it's requiring companies to know more about their customers than ever before. So you've got new regulations that expand the number and nature of offenses that must be screened for. So things like reputational risk, social risk, tax crime, cybercrime, environmental issues. And to be able to screen and monitor for risks like that, customers need more sophisticated platforms around adverse media like what we've got with RDC in which we further enhanced with our acquisition of Acquired Media. So we're very excited about that. I think the third thing is that financial crime is getting more and more sophisticated. And that requires more intelligent solutions. So you've got institutions increasingly trying to understand their exposure, not just to their customers but to their customers' customers. And again, that's where we're merging banks' own internal data with our external entity in hierarchy and risk data from BvD and RDC, and we can give a deeper understanding of risk than these institutions can get on their own. So we're really focused on offering smarter content to existing solutions, providing new insights in some of these new areas and providing the market with really trusted sources of insights and analytics that we think is best-in-class and really positions us well in that competitive landscape.
Raymond McDaniel: And I would -- yes, I'll just add real quickly that 4 firms wanting to be able to demonstrate to the risk committees or their Boards of Directors or their regulators that they are taking a robust approach to knowing their customers and others. Using a standard is very valuable in demonstrating that robustness. And we are very much a standard in this area. So just add that in as a positive networking effect to our position.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Toni Kaplan of Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan: Rob, congrats on the new role. And Ray, congrats on your retirement. And on the 2020 issuance and all the color earlier in the call, and I know you don't like to give the forward year at this point but -- and there's a lot of moving pieces in the next few weeks, potentially with stimulus and the election. But just help us out preliminary -- on your preliminary thoughts on 2021 issuance scenarios. I think your closest competitors forecasting issuance at about down three. So just hoping to understand if you'll take the over or under on that one.
Robert Fauber: Toni, hey, I'll take that, and appreciate the well wishes. 2021, I think, remains uncertain, just like the balance of 2020. So we're going to give -- as you noted, we're going to give our guidance on the fourth quarter earnings call like we normally do. I think in particular, this year, it's going to be very important to see how 2020 ends in terms of issuance. Because that's going to be a material factor in pulling together our 2021 outlook. We see a real drop-off in issuance after the elections, then we may have some pent-up demand starting off in 2021. I guess, I would say, in general, from where we sit right now, I think the headwinds probably outweigh the tailwinds. And very importantly, because we've had 2, and I'm including this year, too, very strong issuance years. And that obviously creates some very tough comps for issuance, and in particular, for corporate issuance and investment-grade issuance. In terms of kind of thinking about the supporting factors going into next year, I'd maybe highlight a few things. One, obviously, the potential for improving economic growth and an increase in M&A activity. We've certainly seen an uptick in M&A activity this past quarter. And I think we could see more sponsor-driven and distressed activity next year. Sustained Central Bank's support, along with potentially another round of stimulus. And obviously, I think a continued low rate environment that's going to be supportive of refinancing those maturity walls that we showed in the webcast deck. And that means that we may see growth in some areas like our rating assessment service that works with companies around M&A activity.  I think we could see an improvement in bank loans off of a very low base this year. Various parts of structured finance. We could see ongoing U.S. public finance and infrastructure issuance taking advantage of very low rates. Then we weigh that against the potential headwinds. And starting with, like I said, a very elevated issuance that we've seen this year, particularly in investment-grade, which, as we said, we expect to be up around 60% versus 2019. That's a hard act to follow. And we've talked about the elevated liquidity at a lot of issuers. You heard that from Mark in terms of what the banks are thinking. That raises the potential for cash-rich companies either to defer issuance or pay down debt, depending on how next year unfolds. And then I think in addition, the virus is obviously a wildcard. That's likely going to impact the trajectory of any economic recovery in both consumer sentiment and corporate investment and balance sheet management. So hopefully, that gives you some insight into our thinking today, but I can assure you we'll provide a firm view next quarter.
Toni Kaplan: Very helpful. And then on MIS margins, there's an incredibly strong quarter-over-quarter acceleration. And I would have expected costs returning following the 2Q lockdowns, et cetera. And so just maybe a continued increase in incentive comp, given issuance has been so strong. So just maybe talk a little bit more about the strength in MIS margins and maybe parse out some of the more permanent versus temporary savings, could some of the COVID-related reductions eventually return?
Mark Kaye: Toni, good afternoon. You're absolutely correct. MIS margins this quarter were very strong. The 64.2% result was up around 410 basis points compared to the same period last year. And there were 2 very strong underlying drivers to that. The first was very strong revenue performance, obviously, in the quarter. And the second was very strong cost discipline that we showed throughout the quarter. As I think through what the potential temporary and the permanent related items could be in the quarter, we looked at a variety of factors. And that includes activities the management team is taking around restructuring, increased automation within MIS, the utilization of lower cost locations or procurement efficiencies, and then obviously, a real estate optimization. Then there's a good portion of that, that we believe will carry through into future quarters. On the other hand, we do want to make sure that we are sufficient and adequately stopped with the right expertise. And so there are definitely elements of the leverage that we created this quarter, we're going to use to reinvest back into the business. So that puts us up for stable views in 2021.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alexander Kramm: I appreciate that you -- when I look at 2021, you had provided a lot of color. One thing I would ask, though, about 2021, Rob, you just mentioned the loan business having some very easy comps next year, and I guess, that makes a little bit more bullish on that business next year. But what other factors should we be thinking about in the loan business in particular? Is it just about the rate picture, near-term rates? Or are there other reasons where -- why that business could actually make a nice comeback next year?
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. With respect to loans, in particular, I think we have to acknowledge that generally, the borrowers are at the lower end of the credit continuum, and as such, are more susceptible to the pace and strength of recovery, whether we have a second wave that forces closings of parts of the economy that have been able to open. So again, this whole -- there's really a set of interdependencies between what's happening politically, what's happening with the disease and what's happening in the economy more broadly, and they play off of each other. And I would say the loan market is particularly sensitive to both positive or negative developments around that set of interdependencies. So hopefully, that's helpful to getting to your question.
Alexander Kramm: Yes. No, that's fair. And then just a quick one here. Also, again, sorry that I'm thinking about '21, but to me, 2020 is already over, I think. But when I think -- well, I think everybody hopes it will to be over, right? So if you think about the recurring side of the MIS business, I think year-to-date, you've grown that 5% and you cited the strong issuance over the last couple of years. Is it fair to assume that given the strong issues that we had this year that the recurring revenues, the monitoring fees and -- continue to appreciate at that pace?
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. Rob, do you want to take that? I'm sorry.
Robert Fauber: Yes. Yes. Alex, I think so. I mean, obviously, we've had a little bit of slowdown from the rate of recurring revenue growth that we saw in the second quarter. I think it was something like 5%. And that's -- typically, what's contributed to that is ongoing pricing initiatives. I think that remains intact. As you know, we had a little bit lower first-time mandates while we're in the height of kind of the pandemic that has, obviously, picked back up. So I think that improvement in mandates will continue to support a growth rate that looks something like what we're seeing now.
Alexander Kramm: Okay. Very good. And also -- go ahead.
Raymond McDaniel: Alex, just real quickly, I just wanted to add, do keep in mind that the growth in this year related to first-time mandates -- for the first-time mandates we brought on board last year. Those will be somewhat higher than the number of first-time mandates we get this year. So there's a bit of a headwind, even though we will continue to have growth. I just want to make sure you're able to model that correctly.
Alexander Kramm: Absolutely. And then again, also congrats to all the new roles and enjoy, I guess, semiretirement from here. Take care.
Raymond McDaniel: Thank you.
Operator: Judah Sokel of JPMorgan.
Judah Sokel: I'll also just echo those congratulatory messages to both you, Ray and Rob. Looking forward to continuing the great work with you guys. Just wanted to ask a couple of questions about free cash flow. You touched on the cost expense management that will help free cash flow. It seems like while things have been strong and obviously, guidance has taken up, generally, it seems like that maybe there was a little bit of a slippage, a little bit of a disconnect in that conversion from EPS to free cash flow and EPS, taking up a little bit more. So maybe you can just touch on what's going on there? And then also just touch on the rationale for restarting the share repurchase program. How you guys thought about the timing and the amount for getting back into that?
Mark Kaye: Thanks for the question. Let me start with the first question on free cash flow. So this morning, we raised both our full year adjusted EPS and free cash flow guidance by approximately 12%. And based on those midpoints, we are expecting our full year adjusted EPS to grow approximately 21%. And our free cash flow to grow approximately 12% for the year. And that's really the numerical disconnect that you're highlighting. And the primary driver behind that is really simply due to working capital headwinds that we mentioned earlier this year. So specifically, the Q1 retirement pension plan funding, the higher 2019 incentive comp payments that were paid earlier this year and then CapEx. And if we adjust for those items, our growth in free cash flow this year is very much in line with our adjusted EPS growth for the year. And then I'd simply add to close this out that our forecast free cash flow conversion of net income is expected to be around 100% this year. On your second question around share repurchases, we have not changed -- I think it's important for me to state upfront that we've not changed our long-term strategic approach to capital allocation. We did take several steps earlier this year to ensure that we were very robust working capital available to us under any sort of stress environment. And we pull share repurchases just out of an abundance of caution. I'm obviously very pleased to announce this quarter that we are recommencing our share repurchase program, and we are guiding to a full year 2020 amount of approximately $500 million, subject to available cash, market conditions and obviously, other ongoing capital-allocation decisions. Longer term, our plan remain to optimize our balance sheet. We're going to obviously use our first use of excess cash to invest for growth. After which, we'll continue to look to return capital to shareholders by growing the dividend and continuing to repurchase shares. And in terms of your question around why now? And we feel very comfortable with our very strong financial performance year-to-date. And we are very successful in opportunistically early refinancing our 2021 debt in August, and that really means that we've got a clear pathway for 2021.
Operator: Craig Huber of Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Rob, congratulations as well. Ray, I just want to say as well, I think you've done a fabulous job here in the last 15 years. I think if there was a hall of fame out there for CEOs, you'd be in it, my friend.
Raymond McDaniel: Thank you, Craig, I appreciate that.
Craig Huber: That's true. It's a high bar you've put in place for Rob and the team there. I guess, as we think about the election here, a lot of people obviously think there's a potential for a blue wave here, Democrats sweeping everything here. What do you and Rob, I think, Ray, that the implications of potentially higher taxes on the consumer as well as corporations, more regulations out there, et cetera, what that could mean for debt issuance that you think of in the coming years after that may be put in place?
Raymond McDaniel: So Craig, I'll start, and maybe Rob might want to add on. But as a starting point, we recognize that there are not going to be identical policies and priorities, depending on whether there's a blue wave or whether the Republicans win, hold the Senate, win the presidency, there's a number of combinations, none of which will produce exactly the same set of priorities and policy elements that we'll have to address just as other business as well. That being said, we've done very well in both Republican and Democratic administrations as well as in unified and divided government. So in a lot of ways, what we think about is accommodating what the policy priorities are in terms of managing our own business, and I think we'll be able to do that usefully. I think we are -- our view, particularly during this pandemic period as having been a very constructive force in the markets with data analytics information. And so I'm pretty optimistic, whichever way this goes that we will have a successful business. Now what that means in terms of debt issuance, the devil is going to be in the details there. And I'll pass this over to Rob for a couple of his thoughts on this.
Robert Fauber: Yes, Craig, it's interesting because this is really the converse to the questions that we were getting just a few years ago with the lowering of corporate tax rates. And recall [Technical Difficulty].
Raymond McDaniel: Sorry, we lost Rob. And so yes, let me just step in because I think Rob was going to discuss the fact that when we were looking at lower rates a few years ago, there was a lot of speculation and questioning about what it means for what happens with not just lower rates, but interest deductibility, tax shields, the prefunding of municipal debt, a host of details that really ended up, in some cases, being pretty immaterial compared to what had been anticipated in terms of debt issuance. But in other cases, caused that issuance to either be accelerated in the case of parts of the municipal sector or did have some effect at the margin. And so again, it sounds like a cliché, but the devil will be in the details in terms of the drivers on debt issuance for 2021 and probably beyond.
Craig Huber: My other question, Ray. Your outlook, given the importance of M&A out there historically for debt issuance, it's obviously very weak this year that M&A. Why can that part of debt issuance not pick up significantly here over, say, the next 12, 18 months, assuming this virus gets under control, the economies keep picking up in Europe and U.S., what's your thoughts on M&A here, given the interest rate environment, et cetera, over the next 12-plus months?
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. We've seen an uptick in M&A pipelines just recently. And so that flunk we had back in the second quarter is showing signs of getting up off the Kansas. So I'm actually reasonably optimistic about M&A-driven debt issuance over the next 12 to 18 months. And it could take a couple of different flavors. This could be a fairly rapid and strong recovery -- economic recovery, in which case you'll have businesses pivoting to thinking about how to grow and secure beachheads in attractive adjacencies, et cetera, through inorganic activity. Even if that doesn't happen, the recovery is slow, there are going to be firms that are increasingly distressed, and stronger firms are going to be looking to a distressed M&A market, and I think are going to be more inclined to pull the trigger. So I can see a couple of pathways to a more promising M&A environment in 2021 than we have this year. But I'm not sure which path is going to eventuate.
Craig Huber: If I could also just ask, Mark, the incentive comp number for the quarter, if you would please on how it's done year-to-date.
Mark Kaye: Sure. The incentive compensation for the third quarter was at $77 million. We are now expecting incentive compensation to be approximately $225 million to $235 million for the full year, and that will compare against the initial guidance at the beginning of the year of around $50 million per quarter or $200 million for the full year.
Operator: Next question from Jeff Silber of BMO Capital Markets.
Jeffrey Silber: And Ray, let me add my best wishes to you and Rob, congratulations. And Ray, I just want to thank you again for all your help over the years. I know you had a previous question that thought that 2020 was over, but we do have a couple of months left, so I just want to ask about your 2020 guidance. If I look at the implied 4Q guidance for MIS, I think, it's implying a low single-digit revenue decline, but pretty adverse decremental margin impact. Is there some spending going on in the quarter that we should know about? Or is my math off?
Mark Kaye: Your math is correct. Specifically, for the fourth quarter, our guidance would imply sort of a low double-digit decline in MIS revenue. And on the expense side would imply sort of a high single-digit low -- high -- low single digits or the low end of mid-single-digit increase in expenses. Specifically, if I think about the expense ramp really from the first to the fourth quarter, that's really now expected to be around $50 million, and that's really related to costs associated with incentive comp, other charitable contributions. And then specifically, ongoing investments in technology to support our infrastructure to enable better automation, innovation, efficiency as well as business growth. So I hope that gave you a little bit of color on your question.
Jeffrey Silber: Yes, that's actually very helpful, Mark. I appreciate it. And just shifting gears over to what your company is doing or planning on doing an ESG. We're getting a lot of questions from investors, a lot of companies that have different strategies. Can you just give us a little bit more color on what your strategy is there?
Raymond McDaniel: Sure. Rob, do you want to kick it off?
Robert Fauber: Yes, I'd be happy to take that. I think you might want to think about it. We've got 3 ways that we're thinking about ESG. One is integrating ESG considerations into our ratings and research. And that's really, really important to the ratings business to ensure the ongoing relevance and thought leadership. I think you'll also see that eventually be commercialized with our research business in MA.  Speaking of MA, we've got a broad customer base of financial institutions, banks, insurance companies, corporates, who have an increasing demand and need for ESG and climate content to be integrated into the various risk-management offerings that we have today. So if you think about whether it's loan origination, now there are climate stress testing. You can imagine our commercial real estate platform, where we've started to put our physical risk scores related to climate from Four Twenty Seven. So I think you'll see a good bit of integration and commercialization of our ESG and climate content through our existing and new MA products and services.  And then lastly, we've got a stand-alone ESG and climate businesses with Vigeo Eiris and Four Twenty Seven. We recently put all that together into an ESG solutions group. And so there, we are -- we've got scores on thousands and thousands of companies around the world. We're selling those to investors and financial institutions and others. But I think you'll also see us start to develop and we are developing the sustainable finance offerings for issuers. And there, we've got a sustainability rating through Vigeo Eiris as an issuer-paid rating, and we've done close to 40 of those year-to-date. And we have a second-party opinion on labeled bond issuance. So this started in the green bond market. It has moved. Now there's all sorts of labeled issuance, transition bonds, green bonds, blue bonds, social bonds and so on. And so we're providing second-party opinions on that issuance through Vigeo Eiris.  I'd also note that our affiliates are starting to do the same thing. So CCXI has a green bond assessment offering and our affiliate in Korea has just gotten its first mandate. So I think you'll see us monetize this a variety of ways.  And maybe one last point on indexes because we get this question a lot, how are you going to be able to monetize ESG through indices. We obviously don't have a scaled index business. And so what we're doing is working to partner with other index providers to provide them the data to power their indices. And so a good example of that Euronext, Sole Active are 2 index providers that we partner with. We just recently launched a very interesting index with Euronext around energy transition. So I think you'll see us monetize that index opportunity in a different way.
Operator: Jake Williams, Wells Fargo Securities.
Jake Williams: I wanted to pass along our congratulations to both Ray and Robert as well. My question is related to the RDC. And I was wondering if you could provide an update on how those synergies are trending? And maybe kind of any discussion around absolute margin level in the RDC business.
Robert Fauber: Yes, I'd be happy to. I'll take that. We're changing...
Raymond McDaniel: Sorry, Rob. Jake, just wanted to welcome you to the call. I know or I believe this is your first time on. So I just want to say hello and welcome. I'll turn the substance over to Rob now.
Robert Fauber: I appreciate that. Look, we feel good about RDC in the combination with BvD. It's a great business, a super group of people and really a good fit with the MA portfolio. And I was talking earlier about these trends that we're seeing in the KYC market. So I think this was a timely acquisition. So far this year, we've really focused on a joint sales program between BvD and RDC. And that, I think, has been successful. We've seen, I think, some tangible sales wins that neither BvD nor RDC would have closed without this combination. We've got an initial phase of our integrated compliance offering that's going to be released next month. So that's a key milestone in the integrations of our product offerings. And then we've got the acquisition of Acquire Media, and that further strengthens our capabilities, specifically with RDC. So Acquire Media is a very important supplier to RDC and the Moody's overall. And that's going to be an opportunity to leverage their sophisticated AI-driven news aggregation engine to build new early warning signal offerings that are going to further enhance our KYC business as well as actually have some benefits to our credit and ESG offerings. In regards to maybe how it's performing, slightly better than expectations from a revenue standpoint due to the momentum that we had coming into the year with subscription growth. Our current sales may be a little bit behind expectations. But that's really just the same overall challenges we've had caused by social distancing. So I think that's very much a temporary issue.
Operator: Shlomo Rosenbaum of Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Rob, I'm going to congratulate you also, but I do want to tell Ray that he does seem a little young to be put out to pasture.
Raymond McDaniel: I don't feel young.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Well, you seem energetic on these calls. There are questions that I want to ask you, just some of the strength in RD&A. Are you -- is the strength of going to like 12% organic growth, how much of that is new sales versus the strong retention. Are you seeing a pickup in sales over there as well? Or is it really just west calling out of the funnel or just a little bit more color there.
Robert Fauber: Yes. So yes, we're not -- Ray is not being put out to pasture by any means. But thanks for the well wishes. So maybe 3 primary drivers of that RD&A organic constant dollar growth that we're seeing, and it's really research data feeds and these compliance solutions, the KYC solutions in the BvD, RDC business. In research, I touched on there's really strong retention rates. That 96% in research is actually slightly up over the last 12 months. That's a remarkably good figure. And the yield on this existing base from upgrades and price-related to our enhanced credit view platform is, I think, what's driving that growth. In data feeds, it's interesting. We did some things around sales deployment to get both new logos, but also to sell more product into existing customers to serve a little bit broader range of use cases at these customers. And we've seen really nice growth in organic growth and data feeds. And then, of course, BvD, RDC, I think I've talked about that a good bit. To give you a sense, the BvD revenue was low teens this quarter. And as you've heard from us, we think there's good ongoing demand in the KYC space.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. And then maybe this one is for Mark. If we encounter a situation in 2021, where you're dealing with the confluence of -- we drove much weaker year-over-year issuance just because of what we saw the strength in this year, together with the fact that we will hopefully have more of an opening up of the economy in general in terms of people traveling and more expenses creeping in. What are the main levers that you have to go ahead and kind of manage the margins? And just like philosophically, when you manage the business, is that something that you focus on in the heightened way in the near term? Or is that something that, like, hey, the margins can just go down year-over-year, and that's just the nature of the business? Or how should investors be thinking about that?
Mark Kaye: Yes, Shlomo, it's a very interesting question, and it's certainly one that the management team and I think about on a fairly regular basis. Maybe the way I'll address it is by talking through some of the expense actions that we've taken this year are implementing now. And with the idea that you could infer that those will carry through to 2021 to create the financial flexibility that we need as a firm. For this quarter itself, you did see that the adjusted operating expense growth was 1% for MCO, and that's against that 9% revenue growth for the quarter. And then maybe just an early signal, demonstrating how strongly we're managing against our expenses. If I carry that forward to the full year, you can see here that our guidance again is for low single-digit percentage growth against a high single-digit MCO revenue number. So that same sort of theme carries forward to the full year. And that's despite absorbing expenses this year related, for example, to COVID-19, bad debt reserves, higher incentive comp, M&A activity, et cetera. And then if I carry that forward a little bit further into 2021, we are targeting to manage our core expenses down with the idea of self-funding between $80 million and $100 million of reinvestment back into the business to support underlying business growth, promotion activities, some strategic investments like KYC, ESG, et cetera. And that's going to be achieved through some of the cultural expense discipline around, again, managing those core expenses down to self-fund, and that we're going to achieve those savings from procurement activities, IT efficiency, travel and entertainment, real estate, et cetera. So I think it gives you a little bit of color around how we're thinking of managing our expense base to create that financial flexibility in 2021.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from George Tong of Goldman Sachs.
George Tong: Ray, you will be missed. Congrats on a great run. And Rob, congrats on the new role.
Raymond McDaniel: Thank you.
George Tong: So you noted that you're continuing to increase your mix of transaction-based pricing within MIS. Can you talk about where you are in this process? And which of your debt categories you expect to be more focused on with this change?
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. So I'll just start, George. But Rob may have additional thoughts. I would really say it's not so much that we have a target ratio or percentage between the recurring and the transaction. But we are noting that a lot of the growth we're seeing is coming from speculative grade issuers, and those tend to be less frequent issuers and more inclined to pay on a transaction basis. If we believe and I do that, that trend will be continuing, that is going to be pushing in a transactional direction over time in terms of the mix. And Rob, Mark, please weigh in.
Robert Fauber: Yes, I think that's exactly right, Ray. Nothing really to add to that.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. Okay.
George Tong: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And then looking forward to the remainder of the year, how would you expect the mix of issuance between investment-grade and high-yield to change, especially given the strong rate of high-yield issuance we saw in the third quarter?
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. Rob?
Robert Fauber: Yes, I'd be happy to kind of take that. Maybe let me just talk to you about kind of what we're seeing right now. We -- given how strong investment-grade has been year-to-date, we are seeing some, I'd call it, headlines impacting the investment-grade market, similar to the equity markets. It's elections, earnings and section stimulus. I would note that funds flows into investment-grade continue to be strong. We've had something like 28 consecutive weeks of inflows, and the fed continues to be a small buyer in the secondary market, and that provides some support. Meanwhile, the conditions in the leveraged finance markets are very conducive to issuance. And that's interesting because usually that doesn't happen when we see this kind of equity market volatility. But up until very, very recently, we've seen some relatively aggressive deals, dividend recaps, LBOs, and that's even corresponded with an uptick in leverage loan activity. So we may see the balance of issuance a little bit weighted to leverage finance. But I think some of the strength that we're seeing in the activity has just been issuers trying to get ahead of the election-related volatility. And as we talked about, and I think we're going to see that activity slow to the end of the year. The last thing I would say is with the upcoming holidays, there are just -- there are fewer and fewer windows for issuance for the remainder of the year.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Owen Lau of Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: So first of all, Ray, congratulations on your successful career duties. And also Rob, congratulations on the well-deserved promotion. So for my question, I want to go back to buybacks. If I'm doing my math correctly, dividend and share repurchases in total is above 50% of free cash flow this year. Is there any room to be more aggressive, given that you had targeted 80% in the past and where the share is trading?
Mark Kaye: Owen, thank you for the question. We target to really manage our capital that is with an anchoring. Maybe that's the best way to phrase it, with an anchoring really around a BBB+ rating. We don't propose and we don't set targets based on percentage of free cash flow return. With that said, over the past several years, specifically 2015 to 2019, our free cash flow conversion of net income has actually been 115% when adjusting for the DOJ settlement. This year, we expect, as I mentioned earlier on the call, the number to be slightly over 100% or approximately 100%. In terms of the year-to-date, the expectation for dividends has been around $315 million year-to-date and then share repurchases has been around $253 million. If we hypothetically carry forward the dividend rate through to year-end, that would put dividends at roughly $420 million and share repurchase guidance of approximately the $500 million we spoke about earlier, which would be about 50% of our approximately $1.8 billion free cash flow guidance. You are absolutely correct there.
Owen Lau: Okay. Got it. And then finally, for ERS, I think ERS had a pretty strong quarter. And you mentioned the credit assessment, loan origination solutions and IFRS 17. Maybe could you please provide more color on the reason of that strength? And in particular, why it happened in the third quarter and also the sustainability of these projects going forward?
Raymond McDaniel: Rob?
Robert Fauber: Yes. I'll touch on this. Overall, ERS growth has been supported by, obviously, RiskFirst. And as we said, strong sales of credit wins and IFRS solutions and insurance solutions. So we've seen, as we sunset one of our origination products, we've seen a very good kind of renewal cycle around that. And in fact, subscription growth for our credit origination -- credit assessment origination has been something like north of 30% year-over-year. And that's, again, driven by that -- those year-to-date sales of the CreditLens software. But IFRS 17 continues to contribute to that as well.
Operator: Simon Clinch of Atlantic Equities.
Simon Clinch: I wanted to just follow-up with just on the KYC business opportunity that you have. And I was just wondering in terms of the data sets you have and the assets you've acquired, are there any natural ancillary kind of opportunities for the use of that data beyond the sort of KYC market that you're currently targeting?
Robert Fauber: Yes. Good question. So I think what we're likely to see is the broadening of KYC to go beyond simply serving regulatory requirements at financial institutions. And you heard me talk a little bit earlier about, in addition to increasing regulation, you've got institutions who also just want to have a better understanding of who they're doing business with. And going beyond, for instance, financial crime into things like reputational risk, data security, social issues around modern slavery and things like that. So I think what that means is, in addition for drivers for KYC, I think we may start to see -- customers start to look at this kind of data to understand their supply chain risks to -- we've talked about on calls before, kind of a know-your-supplier use case. So I think you're going to see this broaden over time.
Simon Clinch: Okay. Interesting. And just in terms of other areas within sort of regulatory tech or compliance tech, are there any opportunities there as well?
Robert Fauber: So going beyond, for instance, our KYC offering? Is that...
Simon Clinch: Yes, within the space of regulatory tech beyond KYC. This one [indiscernible] market.
Robert Fauber: It is. I think more broadly, we've shown before that the broader regulatory and accounting drivers for our MA business. So there's a whole host of different kinds of regulation, not just KYC but things around stress testing, regulatory capital calculations, Basel, solvency, a whole range of things that I think are driving demand for both the existing MA products as well as opportunities for us to fill product gaps to meet more and more of these regulatory requirements as they evolve.
Simon Clinch: Okay. That's interesting. Great. And maybe if I could just follow-up on the ESG comments you had before. Just in terms of -- across all those different opportunities you have, how you think monetization of those will develop over time? And I'm thinking because over the next decade, I would imagine that a lot of the ESG data that were -- that companies and investors and companies using would ultimately become just part of the existing process that we have today. So I was just kind of curious as to how you view that opportunity to monetize that beyond what you have today?
Robert Fauber: Yes, great question. I think that's right. It's what you're getting at is eventually the data, which right now is hard to get, right? So there's real value in good, high-quality data. But over time, as there are standards around disclosure requirements, as there is automation on -- through XBRL, the data itself, I think, will become more commoditized. And what will really be valuable is the insights. So I think you're going to see part of the industry evolve. I talked about the sustainability ratings and second-party opinions. I think that is going to grow over the medium to long term.  We're already seeing a pickup in demand there. And then I think you're going to see, like I talked about earlier, the integration of this content into risk-management offerings, right? So every financial institution, bank insurance company in the world is going to have to be really thinking about these nonfinancial risks, ESG, climate, and they're going to have to be integrating them into their origination platforms, they're monitoring up their portfolios. I talked about stress testing. We're seeing Bank of England with a climate stress test and banks are going to have to comply with that. So I think you're going to see the monetization of that ESG content through the risk-management segment. And back to my point around indexes, we don't have a big scaled index business, but we do have a big scale risk-assessment business serving financial institutions.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Ray McDaniel for additional closing comments.
Raymond McDaniel: Okay. Thank you. And by the way, Simon, I forgot to welcome you to the call as well. So before ending the call, I would like to reiterate my gratitude to our employees. Your resilience, dedication, support really amaze me. I'd also like to thank all of you who have joined on these earnings calls over the years. I think this will be my 63rd and for those of you who've been along for some or all of the journey, I very much appreciate the interactions we've had. So thank you, everybody, and I'll enjoy the last two months.
Operator: This concludes Moody's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the third quarter 2020 earnings section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 p.m. Eastern time on Moody's IR website. Thank you. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-31 11:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded, and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for question-and-answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shivani Kak: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's second quarter 2020 results, as well as our outlook for full year 2020. I'm Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released it's results for the second quarter of 2020 as well as our outlook for full year 2020. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference is available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Mark Kaye, Moody's Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures mentioned during this call and GAAP. Before we begin, I call your attention to the safe harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, and in SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the SEC's website. These, together with the safe harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I will now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Shivani. Good morning and thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. I will begin by providing a general update on the business, including Moody's second quarter 2020 financial results. Mark Kaye will then provide further details on our second quarter performance and also comment on our revised outlook for 2020. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. I want to start off by both acknowledging that the strength of Moody's has always been in our people and reiterating our appreciation for the hard work and dedication of our employees around the world. During this challenging time, we remain committed to our corporate social responsibility efforts as we and the rest of the world deal with both the global COVID-19 pandemic as well as civil unrest. Our mission to provide trusted insights and standards that help decision-makers act with confidence has never been more relevant, and our operating results reflect that. Echoing the first quarter, Moody's strong second quarter was once again driven by robust top line growth at Moody's Investor Service as issuers sought liquidity and opportunistic refinancing amid broadly receptive credit market conditions. Also aligned with our long-term strategy, we continue to build toward the future as we embrace our sustainability efforts and develop new products and solutions that meet the evolving needs of our customers. As the second quarter exceeded our expectations, we are raising and narrowing our full year 2020 adjusted diluted EPS guidance range to $8.80 to $9.20, while still expecting debt issuance to taper in the second half of the year. Amidst the global pandemic and with the emergence of civil unrest focused on racial equality, the safety and well-being of our employees remains Moody's top priority. We are committed to providing a safe work environment for everyone. As such, we have been conducting awareness and training campaigns and encouraging our employees to speak out and engage with each other on these important topics. We are also building better programs to attract, retain and advance black talent. We pride ourselves on being an inclusive firm where diverse viewpoints lead to better decisions and where everyone's contributions matter. On our prior earnings call, we noted how our early adoption of technology enabled us to transition smoothly to a virtual environment. We are building on this experience by working with our employees to design our future workplace models. We believe this approach will enable us to attract and retain the best talent, not only in locations in which we have a presence, but potentially anywhere. Moody's strives to be a constructive force in all of the communities in which we operate. We mentioned in our prior earnings call that in response to COVID-19, we made our research, insights and certain products accessible to the public at large, including our customers and policymakers. These offerings within the first half of the year translated into about $12 million of in-kind contributions. In addition, we've committed $1 million to promote equal justice and the advancement of the black community while also increasing financial support for our partners focused on empowering black-owned businesses and enhancing diverse recruiting. Finally, before I get to the results for the quarter, I would like to draw your attention to the recent announcement made on the enhancements to our environmental sustainability program. As part of this effort, we have committed to remaining carbon neutral, agreed to procure 100% renewable electricity and set science-based targets for reducing our greenhouse gas emissions. Through these commitments, we are proud to further Moody's purpose to bring clarity, knowledge and fairness to an interconnected world. Moving on to second quarter 2020 results. Moody's achieved a robust 18% increase in total revenue, with 27% growth from MIS and 5% growth from MA. Moody's adjusted operating income of $766 million was up 28% from the prior year period. Strong revenue growth, combined with ongoing discipline and expense management, drove 410 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion. Adjusted diluted EPS of $2.81 was up 36%. I will now provide an update on the credit markets in the second quarter. The pandemic has had a significant negative impact on the global economy, resulting in widespread unemployment, negative global GDP estimates and other recessionary conditions as countries shut down their economies in order to contain the spread of the virus. This morning's reported second quarter U.S. GDP contraction of nearly 33% is a stark reminder of this. To mitigate the economic impact, governments have undertaken unprecedented global monetary easing efforts and fiscal actions which have thus far enabled supportive fundamentals and robust activity in the credit and equity markets. Most recently, we've observed the EU proposal to raise debt to fund the EUR 750 billion stimulus plan to aid its member nations hardest hit by the pandemic. In the U.S., the Federal Reserve has extended its emergency support facilities to the end of the year, and the U.S. government is in discussions to extend fiscal stimulus measures. As the credit markets continued to read through severe economic stresses and governments quickly took actions to mitigate them, the dichotomy with the real economy remained. Investment-grade issuers responded to economic uncertainty by shoring up their balance sheets with record levels of bond issuance. Additionally, after being inactive for most of March, high-yield bond issuance surged as spreads tightened. The leveraged loan market reopened but has been slower to recover. Looking towards the second half of the year, we expect issuance to moderate as many countries and institutions have completed their balance sheet and liquidity strengthening initiatives, and governments may see less of a need to intervene in support of their economies. As I just noted, given uncertain economic conditions, companies look to bolster their balance sheets in the first half of the year while capital markets were receptive. As you can see from the chart, working capital and debt refinancing became more prominent drivers of issuance, whereas mergers and acquisitions has historically been a more often cited use of funds. This rush to liquidity also helped to explain the dichotomy between the performance of the economy and capital markets as many issuers took advantage of low rates to create fortress-like balance sheets to help see them through this period of uncertainty and stress. I'd like to further highlight second quarter issuance, specifically within the corporate finance sector. As you can see, second quarter corporate investment-grade issuance was up significantly, together with solid high-yield supply, but bank loans continued to lag. This mix caused the rate of corporate finance issuance growth to outpace transactional revenue growth due to larger, more frequent issuers coming to market. Despite this headwind, issuance growth was beneficial to our operating results, and MIS exhibited significant top line growth, which Mark will discuss further. COVID-19 has had wide-reaching impact on nearly every sector of our global economy. In the second quarter, the default rate rose, and as Mark will touch upon later, our guidance assumes it will continue to do so through the end of the year. During these turbulent times, the quality and consistency of ratings becomes even more important. Therefore, investors look for transparent methodologies that follow a measured, thoughtful and systematic approach. Moody's processes ensure that we are consistent and rigorous in delivering our rating opinions and research. Our starting point is to assess and rank the impact of an event, such as COVID-19, and what it has on various sectors. This then flows through to the underlying issuers, as shown in the chart on the bottom left, which list the most impacted sectors and the percentage of issuers downgraded within each of those sectors. It is important to note that ratings quality remains MIS' top priority, and we continually strive for exceptional ratings performance. As you can see from the graph on the bottom-right corner, Moody's ratings have performed very well on an ordinal ranking basis with lower-rated debt exhibiting higher default rates for the trailing 12 months as of the end of June 2020. Through Moody's long history of ratings quality, investors have come to expect our ratings to look through the credit cycle so that in uncertain times like these, investors can compare ratings not just by issuer but also over time. Turning to MA. I want to update you on how the business continues to adapt to the current environment. Last quarter, we discussed how COVID-19 could impact our customer renewals and new sales activity. We are encouraged by the observed trends in both of these categories as they are proving to be better than expected. MA's retention rates remained strong at 94%, demonstrating the relevance of our products during times of stress, while sales grew despite the lack of in-person meetings, providing us with momentum as restrictions begin to ease outside the U.S. Looking toward the sales pipeline for the second half of 2020, we are more optimistic than in our prior outlook as compliance and accounting products have provided better-than-expected growth opportunities despite current headwinds. Throughout this challenging time, we've remained focused on our customers' rapidly evolving needs for integrated and holistic risk solutions. This slide highlights some of our second quarter innovations and enhancements that increase the collective value of our offerings. I will focus on the recent additions and improvements to our ESG and climate product suite as well as the new Pulse tool. Thought leadership in ESG and climate risk remains a key strategic priority for Moody's as its importance for our customers continues to grow, and we are encouraged by the demand for these products. In the first half of this year, Vigeo Eiris completed 29 issuer paid sustainability ratings, 46 second-party opinions and nine sustainability-linked loan assessments. During the second quarter, Vigeo Eiris launched its enhanced second-party opinion service, which enables more impactful issuer communications and provides increased transparency for investors. We are also excited to announce that through partnerships with Euronext and Solactive, we continue to build our presence serving the index space, including the creation of the new Euronext ESG80 and Solactive VE Developed Markets ESG Quality Indices, which use Vigeo Eiris data to screen its constituents. In addition to these new ESG and climate risk initiatives, we are further integrating Vigeo Eiris and Four Twenty Seven content into multiple MA platforms, including moodys.com and REIS, which should provide additional channels for exposure and monetization. Moving on to Pulse. This tool was launched by the Moody's Accelerator to help our customers quickly consume and digest the ever-increasing news flow. Pulse utilizes machine learning and natural language processing to gauge sentiment around news, such as COVID-19, on a chosen company or sector, enabling investors to more quickly assess the impact of a news article on their portfolios. We continue to invest in these types of product innovations, which allows us to provide better value and insights to our customers to help them make better decisions. I will now turn the call over to Mark Kaye to provide further details on Moody's second quarter results and our revised outlook for 2020.
Mark Kaye: Thank you, Ray. In the second quarter, record investment-grade activity drove MIS revenue growth of 27% from the prior year period as issuers look to ensure sufficient liquidity in addition to opportunistically refinancing their debt portfolios amidst ongoing economic uncertainty. High-yield issuance also increased in the quarter as issuers took advantage of broadly receptive credit conditions. Strong activity in the fixed rate bond markets was partially offset by weakness in bank loans as investor demand remain muted for floating rate instruments in a low for long rate environment. Structured finance was the only line of business that experienced an overall decline in revenue, primarily due to a decrease in asset origination. Total MIS rated issuance growth of 53% exceeded total transactional revenue growth of 39%. As Ray noted, issuance mix was skewed towards large frequent issuers in corporate finance, and this was also the case in public, project and infrastructure finance. MIS adjusted operating margin expanded by 390 basis points as revenue growth significantly outpaced the increase in operating expenses. MA's second quarter revenue growth of 5% or 8%, excluding the impact of the MAKS divestiture and acquisitions, along with FX headwinds, demonstrated resilience as customers came to Moody's in search of integrated risk solutions. RD&A revenue grew 16% or 7% on an organic basis driven by strong demand for know your customer solutions as well as credit research and data feeds. In ERS, revenue grew 12% or 7% on an organic basis led by software sales of IFRS 17 products that enable compliance with new accounting standards for banks and insurers as well as credit assessment and loan origination solutions. In the second quarter, the MA adjusted operating margin increased 50 basis points, primarily due to top line growth and ongoing expense discipline. Before I turn to our full year 2020 guidance, I will mention some of the macro assumptions that have changed since our last earnings call and which continue to shape our outlook for 2020. Notably, we have shifted the majority of our key directional markers from decelerate to accelerate, as shown on the right-hand side of the slide. We consider these markers in our updated base case scenario, which assumes a continuation of the nascent economic recovery into the second half of 2020 and nonlinear improvement in COVID-19 cases. Our macroeconomic assumptions include: 2020 U.S. and Eurozone GDP to decline approximately 6% and 9%, respectively; the U.S. unemployment rate to end the year at approximately 10%; benchmark interest rates to stay low with high-yield spreads remaining in excess of 650 basis points; and the high-yield default rate to rise to approximately 9%. As we head into the second half of the year, we will closely monitor both the macroeconomic backdrop and credit market activity that Ray highlighted previously. Moody's outlook for 2020 is based on assumptions regarding many geopolitical conditions and macroeconomic and capital market factors. These include, but are not limited to, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the responses to the pandemic by governments, businesses and individuals as well as the effects on interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, capital markets liquidity and activity in different sectors of the debt markets. Our assumptions also include general economic conditions and GDP growth in the U.S. and worldwide, on the company's own operations and personnel and additional items as detailed in the earnings release. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty, and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. Specifically, our forecast for the remainder of 2020 reflects U.S. exchange rates for the British pound of $1.24 and for the euro of $1.12. We have raised our full year guidance for most key metrics as compared to the prior forecast and now anticipate that Moody's revenue will increase in the low single-digit percent range. Our upward revenue revision outpaces that of our operating expenses, which we now expect to be approximately flat year-over-year. The resulting improvement in operating leverage supports our upwardly revised adjusted operating margin guidance from a range of 46% to 48%, 48% to 49%. We are reaffirming both the net interest expense and the full year effective tax rate guidance ranges of $180 million to $200 million and 19.5% to 21.5%, respectively. We have increased and narrowed the diluted EPS forecast to now be in the range of $8.15 to $8.55 and the adjusted diluted EPS forecast to now be in the range of $8.80 to $9.20. Free cash flow is now expected to be between $1.5 billion and $1.7 billion. The guidance assumes an anticipated restructuring program in the second half of 2020 around the rationalization and exit of certain real estate leases estimated to result in total pretax charges of approximately $25 million to $35 million and estimated annualized savings of $5 million to $6 million, respectively. For a full list of our guidance, please refer to Table 12 of our earnings release. For MIS, we anticipate full year revenue to increase in the low single-digit percent range and for rated issuance to grow in the low double-digit percent range. MIS' forecast assumes investment-grade activity for the full year increases 50%, up from our prior assumption of 10% growth. High-yield issuance increases 5%, up from a 20% decline. Bank loan issuance declines 20%, up from a 40% decline. And structured issuance declines 40%, in line with our prior expectations. As Ray mentioned, after a record first half, we expect total issuance to moderate. Many issuers have fulfilled their near-term funding needs, some having come to market multiple times. As COVID-19 has been more impactful on first-time issues than anticipated, we have reduced our first time mandate forecast from 600 to 550. We also anticipate that M&A activity will remain constrained in the second half of 2020. Finally, we believe that there will be a lower proportion of infrequent issuer activity leading to a less favorable mix. The MIS adjusted operating margin is forecast to be in line with the prior year at approximately 58%. We are pleased to reaffirm MA's full year top line growth and margin improvement guidance due to its strong recurring revenue base and renewal activity. MA's revenue guidance reflects two to three percentage points of net unfavorable impact from the MAKS divestiture and FX, partially offset by growth from acquisitions. We continue to expect the MA adjusted operating margin to expand over 200 basis points in 2020 to approximately 30%, primarily driven by the ongoing transition to scalable subscription-based products and expense discipline. I would like to address our capital allocation approach given the current environment. Although performance in the first half of 2020 has been better than expected, there remains significant uncertainty for the remainder of the year. As such, we believe it is in the best interest of our stakeholders to continue to evaluate, at least for the time being, our share repurchase program on a quarterly and opportunistic basis. As we consider the resumption of share repurchases in the future, we will closely monitor the COVID-19 pandemic and its effect on both our business and the broader economic environment. We will also closely review market indicators and volatility, along with the prospects for and certainty surrounding our free cash flow generation. Our overarching goals remain to concurrently ensure financial flexibility, effective liquidity management, strategic investments in our business and prudent allocation and return of capital to achieve profitable and sustainable long-term growth and value. Finally, our capital allocation levers remain unchanged. Before turning the call back over to Ray, I would like to highlight a few key takeaways. First, Moody's remains committed to investing in our business to support key stakeholders and demonstrating sustainable stewardship. Second, especially in times of uncertainty, the relevance of our rich product and service offerings increases which is reflected in our second quarter performance. Last, given the strong first half and early signs of economic recovery, we are pleased to be able to upwardly revise our 2020 outlook. I will now turn the call back over to Ray.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. Thank you, Mark. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining Mark and me in the virtual format for the question-and-answer session is Rob Fauber, Moody's Chief Operating Officer. We'd be pleased to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Judah Sokel with JP Morgan.
Judah Sokel: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Wanted to start off by asking just about your outlook for MIS and embedded inside of that, your issuance outlook. You gave helpful color certainly on the changes to that guidance. I was hoping that maybe you could pull back the covers a little bit more just in terms of what you're expecting in so far as that tapering down of issuance. To what extent is this just a function of tougher year-over-year comps, how much pull forward you perhaps think that there was into the first half? And then thinking longer term perhaps, maybe that there's some sustainability in those higher liquidity-driven fortress balance sheet increases.
Mark Kaye: This is Mark. What we'll do here is similar to what we've done in the past where I'll talk a little bit about issuance drivers that we're hearing from some of the banks, and then I'll turn it over to Rob to follow up with our internal viewpoint. Starting with the U.S. investment grade, the banks have seen record activity in the first half of the year with year-to-date issuance volumes already above full year 2019 levels. Early in the quarter, many issuers that came to market were towards the higher end of the investment-grade spectrum, but access broadened considerably when spreads tightened as a result of the Fed's liquidity programs. The main issuance drivers were liquidity and refinancing, as you mentioned. The latter of which was opportunistic in nature, in some instances, as issuers capitalized on low effective yields. For the remainder of the year, what we're hearing from the banks is that while market conditions remain favorable, many investment-grade borrowers have already issued at least once in the first half, and the M&A pipeline remains relatively light. Furthermore, I'd say the pandemic, the pace of economic recovery, the upcoming U.S. election and relationships between the U.S. and China continue to be prominent concerns as the banks have expressed. Looking forward, the banks are expecting a much lighter second half of the year. Nevertheless, for full year 2020, they expect U.S. investment-grade issuance to be up 40% to 50%. And then just from my side, one item just to keep in mind is that for comparative purposes, the banks seeing investment-grade issuance are inclusive of financials. Moving on to U.S. speculative grade; once activity resumed following the slowdown in March due to COVID-19, issuance recovered with a record second quarter. The Fed's expansion in scope of its asset purchases to include high-yield corporate debt was supportive of the market, and that helped spreads narrow considerably from the peak in late Q1. This, in turn, broadened market access and enabled a greater number of corporates at the lower end of the speculative grade to complete transactions. On the other hand, leveraged loans remain weak overall despite some positive bursts of issuance in the second quarter, and this was due to a significantly reduced M&A pipeline, lower levels of new CLO formation and a greater preference for fixed rate debt. Despite the improvements that the banks noted that they saw in the speculative grade market, they did have some concerns that remained around credit quality, default risk and secondary market volatility. For the full year, the banks indicate that U.S. high-yield bonds are expected to be flat to up 10% and that U.S. loans are likely to decline by approximately 20% to 30%. Turning briefly to European investment grade; year-to-date issuance volumes have been robust with record second quarter volumes as the market recovered from the COVID-19-related volatility in March. While monetary policy and increasing fiscal support have helped narrow spreads, they do remain well above pre-COVID-19 levels. Furthermore, low effective yields in the U.S. investment-grade market have made reverse Yankee issuance less attractive. And given the record supply in the first half of the year and the limited M&A pipeline, the banks expect a significant decline in issuance in the back half of 2020. For the full year, the banks forecast European investment-grade issuance to be within the range of flat to up 10%. And finally, European speculative grade has seen a mixed recovery following the market disruption in March, with improvement in high-yield bonds, while loans remained quite weak. Although spreads have tightened, they have not fully recovered from prior widening, and access to the market remains concentrated towards the higher end of spec grade. While there have been a few recent M&A announcements, in general, the banks believe the pipeline remains light. And with that, I'll hand it over to Rob to update you on MIS' issuance expectations.
Rob Fauber: Thanks, Mark. And Judah, nice to have you on a call. So let me focus on what this means for our full year outlook for issuance, and in particular, what it implies about the second half of the year because I know that's an area of real interest to many people on this call. So as we indicated on the webcast, we're now looking at low double-digit growth and global-rated issuance for the year. And that implies issuance in the back half of the year is going to be down in the neighborhood of mid-teens percent versus the second half of 2019. The outlook that we've got for the second half of the year is pretty consistent with that actually, it's probably slightly more constructive than our outlook for the second half on our last earnings call. So what we've done is essentially taking the excess issuance from the second quarter into the forecast and maintained a fairly consistent outlook for the second half of the year. So, let me just break it down by segment. Again, I know there's some interest in this. If you round numbers, we've done about $1 trillion in global investment-grade year-to-date. We expect that, as we said, to be up 50% for the year. That implies essentially flat for investment-grade corporates for the second half of the year. So what that really means then is that we're expecting essentially a business as usual environment like we had in the second half of 2019 for the investment-grade market. That's contrasted obviously to what we saw in several months here in the beginning of the year. There are a few things underpinning that. Obviously, all this significant opportunistic activity we've had. Mark just took you through the bank outlooks. And I think our outlook is quite consistent with what you're hearing from the banks. And then finally and we've been signaling this since the beginning of the year, just the potential volatility in the second half around U.S. elections and any kind of second wave. On leveraged finance, we're slightly more constructive, as I think you saw from the numbers in the webcast deck, than we were back in the first quarter. But that said, we still expect both markets to be down meaningfully for the back of the year. And that's due to the all that surge in financing Mark touched on as well as the expectation of credit issuance Ray and Mark touched on our view in defaults. So we're looking for high yield to be up 5% for the full year, loans down 20%. On structured finance, looking at down 40%, and that is a little bit we've moderated that outlook a little bit since the first quarter. So we've taken that down just a little bit given what we're seeing in CMBS and CLOs just being very heavily impacted with a much softer investor bid there. And then finally, maybe just to add, U.S. public finance, that's been very active in the first half of the year, and we're looking for that to be up somewhere in the neighborhood of about 5% for the full year. I can talk about the drivers around that later.
Judah Sokel: That was great. Maybe just one quick follow-up just around MA margins. Just you guys reiterated your guidance for the top line and for margins, which implies that the back half is going to see a stronger year-over-year impact in terms of that margin. Maybe you could break down the components of what happened in 2Q margins and then really what's going to pick up in the back half as far as those MA margins are concerned.
Ray McDaniel: Mark, do you want to take that?
Mark Kaye: Thanks, Ray. In the second quarter, we reported margin expansion of 50 basis points from 28.2% to 28.7%. If I think about the breakdown of that, that's around 130 basis points of growth from core MA, primarily driven by RD&A, 90 basis points of growth from the MAKS divestiture, offset by some of the inorganic acquisitions. And then around 160 basis points of contraction from incentive comp true-ups and FX. As you noted, we have maintained our 2020 MA segment margin guidance of approximately 30%, which represents, I'd call it, around 250 basis points of margin expansion on a trailing 12-month basis from 2019. We do expect continued margin expansion over the longer term, but we may see pressure in the next 12 to 18 months, depending on the duration and severity of the ongoing COVID-19 economic impacts. And I'd go through maybe just a quick a few more points here. The plan for really MA margin improvement is to continue many of the initiatives that are already underway. So for example, first in ERS' ongoing transition to a Software-as-a-Service model which is multiple benefits beyond just increasing recurring revenue. Second is the synergies between BvD and RDC. We previously mentioned strong growth we're seeing from BvD, and we have already said in past earnings call that we expect a nearly 20% CAGR for those compliant solutions in the combined BvD, RDC business. And then third is the increasing efficiencies across Moody's Analytics, and that's by a combination of new cost savings initiatives, increasing operating leverage as the business scale up, etc. So there are a number of things that we're doing to maintain and continue to grow margin over time.
Judah Sokel: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Alexander Kramm with UBS.
Alexander Kramm: Yes. Hi, good morning everyone. I guess good afternoon. Just coming back to the MIS, and maybe this is for Rob or maybe for Ray. Obviously, you gave guidance last quarter, and the second quarter surprised a lot of people, right? So you're definitely too conservative, and that's not wrong. I mean unprecedented times. But if you look forward here, I mean, I guess, why should we have confidence in that outlook? And maybe to ask better, like, what are the areas where things could still fall significantly one way or another? Like what are the things that we should be watching the most where it could be different to the outcome?
Ray McDaniel: Well, I'll just begin with a couple of remarks, Alex, and then let Rob jump in. But you're right, we were much too conservative about second quarter activity at the time of our prior earnings call. And that was in part an underestimation on our part of the scope of emergency support that would be coming from the government, extending down into the speculative grade area and really providing a lot of market confidence against what was happening in the real economy. And as we look forward, certainly, the extension of that emergency support and, again, the continuation of market confidence because of that could be one source of upside going forward. And that's in addition to the obvious things like creation of a vaccine sooner rather than later, the recovery of the economy taking on a sharper V-shape and really a return to confidence in business expansion that comes from that. Let me turn it over to Rob for any additional commentary. Rob?
Rob Fauber: Yes. And Alex, maybe just to now kind of maybe tie it a little more specifically to how we're thinking about the issuance outlook and how you might think about upside and downside to where we are. A few areas, I think there could be some upside. There can be some more runway for non-U.S. issuers, and we've obviously seen enormous issuance in the United States. Very strong in Europe but not as strong as the United States. So there's the possibility we could see something there. Some sort of sustained run of supply in the leveraged finance market, fall in angel issuance, improvement in the outlook for the bank loan sector. M&A, we touched on that, down very sharply. I mean we're seeing levels that we haven't seen for years. Announced M&A is down something like 50% year-to-date. But there's the possibility that we could see some distressed M&A. There are some deals getting done. So any kind of uptick to the M&A environment would provide some upside. And then and this may not materialize in 2020. But if there were an infrastructure bill, if there were ultimately changes to the Tax Reform Act and the refunding restrictions that impacted the public finance market, like I said, that's probably a next year thing rather than this year. And then on the downside, I touched on it, but and Ray did as well. Potential second wave, increased defaults and credit stress that cause slippage in the leveraged finance markets and just, in general, again, more volatility around the elections than we've already anticipated. So that's kind of how we're thinking about the pluses and minuses.
Ray McDaniel: And Alex, one area that could be a plus or a minus is the nature of the borrowing that has been going on and the question of whether it's pull forward or whether it's not. And so I think of that as what we've seen in the second quarter and what we probably will see in the second half of the year is what you might think of as a contingent pull forward in that as companies become more comfortable that they don't need to hold as much liquidity and hoard cash to the degree that they are currently, they could use that cash on the balance sheet to pay maturing debt. If they don't remain confident with the ability to use that cash, if they feel they need to hold dry powder back into the market. We don't know which way that's going to play out, but it's an important potential plus or minus.
Alexander Kramm: Okay, great. Mark, switching to you just very quickly, I guess. The restructuring that you're doing here on the real estate side, I mean, is this already making decisions around where workforce is going to be in the future, how your real estate is going to look coming out of this? And maybe very quickly related to that, what does this mean for REIS? I mean the obviously the real estate business if you're turning more negative on real estate, what is does that impact the business at all?
Mark Kaye: Alex, thank you for the question. I would like to maybe first highlight that this real estate-related restructuring program is one aspect of the disciplined cost management that we've exhibited in this challenging environment. As we talked about in our prepared remarks, our adoption of technology and the ability to transition smoothly to working virtually has enabled us to consider by working with our employees to design and develop the beginning of the format of our offices going forward. This will include what we think of as an enhanced capability to attract and retain the best talent, not just in our standard locations, but potentially anywhere. I mean to your point, for those who have not seen it yet in the press release, our guidance assumes an anticipated restructuring charge in the second half of 2020 around the rationalization and exit of certain real estate leases that are estimated to result in total pretax charges of $25 million to $35 million. And we expect the majority of those charges to be recorded in the second half of this year, and that's going to result in an estimated annualized saving of $5 million to $6 million. The program is COVID-19-related in that we've assessed our real estate footprint given the success during the pandemic and, of course, the degree to which we can continue to be more flexible on work-from-home arrangements post-COVID-19.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Alex, I think probably a positive for REIS. I mean we're in an environment of heightened uncertainty. Everyone in residential market is having to really manage risk. Having to connect many, many dots, we're hearing from our customers that there's a desire for integration of the kind of content that we have all across Moody's, not just what we acquired with REIS. So we think we can bring some very interesting solutions to bear for our customers to help them just make better decisions around real estate.
Alexander Kramm: All right, thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan: Great. Thank you. Just looking at margins within the ratings segment, the margins were a little bit below your largest competitor there. Whereas in first half of 2019, they were above. And I understand you can't really comment on their margins. But just looking at your business, I guess how would you like talk about whether are you reinvesting more in ratings now versus last year or maybe just didn't cut back as much? I know it's a comparison, so hard to do that, but just trying to understand the delta between the margins.
Ray McDaniel: Sure. Mark?
Mark Kaye: Sure, Toni. I maybe start off by noting that Moody's fully allocates our corporate expenses out to our business segments, which could be different than the approach taken by some of our peers. Now second quarter 2020 MIS expenses were $369 million, which are up actually 5% over the prior year period. However, if we adjust for several one-off expense items this quarter, including, but not exclusively, things like a legal accrual, prior M&A and higher incentive compensation related to strong business performance, then MIS expenses would actually have been down 5% quarter-over-quarter. And that would have translated to an additional 300 to 400 basis points of margin that you would have been able to see in our reported results.
Toni Kaplan: Got it. That's helpful. And in terms of I know this has been asked in the first question. But Rob, I'm wondering if there's a way to talk us through the bridge of how low double-digit increases in issuance results in low single-digit increases in MIS. And I know you attribute it to mix, but is there some way to quantify or frame the mix impact just so that when we're thinking about our estimates going forward, we sort of have some inputs in terms of being able to understand what the mix impact looks like?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. Rob, are you okay with that? Yes.
Rob Fauber: Yes. And maybe let me just start with kind of how it worked out in the quarter, and I can talk a little bit about then how we think about that for the outlook. But obviously, this quarter, we saw a less favorable mix. The primary drivers of that were just all this investment-grade issuance, where we've got a greater mix of issuers on frequent issuer contracts. And we also saw some strong issuance from the PPIF segment, including sub-sovereign. And there, we tend to have a little bit lower yields and also infrastructure where we saw some lower-yielding jumbo issuance. So we had said this, I think, earlier in the year that we thought mix was going to be uncertain factor and could actually provide a little bit of headwind for us. And I think our view is that, that is consistent for the back half of this year.
Ray McDaniel: And to simplify it a bit, looking at the relative strength of the investment-grade sector versus the spec grade sector, provide to clue as to whether we are likely to grow ahead of issuance rates or behind issuance rates simply because most of the entities on frequent issuer pricing agreements are in the investment-grade sector. We don't get the same bump when issuance goes up in that sector as we do in the speculative grade sector.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks a lot.
Operator: And we'll go next to Kevin McVeigh with Credit Suisse.
Kevin McVeigh: Great, thank you very much. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about RDC synergies and also the acquisition that you alluded to kind of across synergies, across BvD and what that can mean to the enterprise longer term.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. I'll let my colleagues address this, but Kevin, I just want to welcome you to the coverage and the call. So let me turn the subset of that over to my colleagues.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Kevin, so let me talk a little bit about how we're working together between BvD and RDC and the kinds of synergies that we're seeing. Obviously, we've got a challenging sales environment. But the sales teams at both companies have been working together have an opportunity to offer a more complete solution, even though we haven't fully integrated those solutions yet, can still offer those solutions together, and we're doing that for our customers. And we think that ultimately, that's the most compelling end-to-end offering in the market. We're also cross-selling into the existing relationships at one or the other companies. And as you know, BvD had a bigger European customer base, historically, RDC, a bigger U.S. customer base. So there's a very concerted sales effort there and lots of demand. And so we're building a pipeline for that. We've talked about out in the past, there's a myriad of use cases for all of the BvD and now RDC data and maybe give you an example of that. We're seeing more and more companies, and I'm talking about very large corporations who are looking to address financial crime and reputational risk concerns. This is basically trying to understand who they are doing business with, and it's not just the banking community. So they're looking to use our beneficial ownership data, our adverse media tools. And COVID, I think, has actually prompted the need to get this work done through automation rather than just relying on manual back-office functions. And that again is really playing to the opportunity that is in front of us. So we're seeing some very nice opportunities both in sales and in terms of pulling the products together to meet emerging needs of our customers.
Kevin McVeigh: That's super helpful. And then just switching gears real quick to ERS. Just any thoughts in terms of any change in the competitive landscape with nCino recently going public?
Rob Fauber: Yes, Kevin. That's a great question. In fact, it's something that we, as a management team, have been quite focused on. Just because, obviously, this company went public recently with an IPO. They've been valued, I think the market capitalization is something like $6.5 billion. So I think it actually helps to illuminate the value of our ERS business. I think everybody in the call knows we've got a pretty similar SaaS-based software business that sells to financial institutions. But I would say, our business is a lot bigger. I mean, just looking at the numbers, if I recall right, we generated over $500 million in revenue in 2019. I think they were something under $100 million. And our strategy over the last few years has been to shift to more subscription-based revenue models. And that means that almost 80% of our revenue in ERS is recurring. And we've got, as you saw, very high retention rates given the business-critical nature of the software. So that our ERS business is really selling a broader range of solutions to a broader set of financial institutions, right, it's not just banking, it's also insurance, to help them make better decisions around credit and risk. And specifically, in regards to kind of thinking about the competitive landscape and the overlap, we've got an offering called CreditLens in ERS. It's a SaaS-based platform. It helps lenders by pulling together our datasets, our analytic tools, our software. And we have some common customers with nCino, but nCino is really focused more on end-to-end workflow. And what we found is that in some cases, our solutions are actually complementary or part of their broader offering. But a very interesting comp, I think, for our ERS segment versus the more traditional business information companies.
Kevin McVeigh: It's very helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Good afternoon. I guess I wanted to focus just on ESG. Clearly, there's a lot going on in the world out there. Seems like there's a lot going on in your company as well. You've got the majority stake in Vigeo Eiris. It sounds like they're partnering with Solactive and so forth. Are there any limitations to the angle you can come at ESG from? And is the ultimate goal more around partnerships or actual acquisitions and so forth here?
Rob Fauber: Yes. Manav, I'll take that one. So I don't think there's any limitations. I'd say it's still a relatively nascent market but certainly growing quickly. There's a lot of demand across the financial markets and certainly across our customer base. And we've talked about this before. We don't have the operating leverage that's afforded by the index business. You did hear that we are starting to partner with index businesses to provide them with the data. So that's a way for us to get access to the index space without actually owning an index business. So I think there, you would look for us to build our presence through partnerships and partnering with index players who don't own ESG businesses. We've done a few things here, and I think you'll see that a lot of this is organic. We're doing a lot of organic investment because we have the capabilities in-house. We bought some assets that bring some very valuable domain knowledge. We just recently appointed a new head of ESG and climate business internally. Before that, she was running all of our moodys.com business, a very big business for us. So it gives you a sense of how important we think this is. We're integrating these ESG considerations into our credit work. Subscribers are starting to see that on moodys.com. This past quarter, we began featuring ESG and climate content from Vigeo Eiris and Four Twenty Seven on our flagship CreditView platform. And then, Ray talked about some of the numbers around rating products for issuers. So there's an emerging opportunity to provide the sustainability ratings and second-party opinions on labeled bond issuance for issuers, paid for by issuers. This is still a we've given a number before that we're expecting something like $15 million to $20 million of revenue for the year. It'll take some time for this business to grow and scale, but there's certainly demand, and we're certainly making investments in it.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. That's helpful. And just obviously, you have those SPO, second-party opinions of bonds. Is that in addition to what you already do on the ratings side? So is that kind of like a consultancy or something?
Rob Fauber: Yes. Certainly, I don't use the word consultancy, but think of this as a natural complement. So as you're issuing a green bond or a social bond, it's going to most likely get a rating from Moody's, and we have an opportunity to provide a second-party opinion on the use of proceeds and its consistency with the green bond framework. So it's a natural thing for us to be offering to our issuers alongside each other.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you, that's helpful.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo.
Bill Warmington: Good afternoon, everyone. So a question for you on the China domestic rating business given the political tensions that we're seeing. I'm not sure if today they're getting a little better, a little worse. But I wanted to ask what your thoughts were in terms of the opportunity there, whether you're feeling a little better about that, a little worse about that? And what would you need to see evolve there for that opportunity to really start to take off?
Ray McDaniel: Yes, Bill, it's Ray. I would say in the near term, we're probably in more of a holding pattern than we would have anticipated six to 12 months ago. We're still very satisfied with our joint venture investment in CCXI. CCXI continues to grow nicely and is the largest and most profitable of the domestic Chinese rating agencies. Clearly, the tension between the U.S. and China is not encouraging business activity between the two countries, is not encouraging favorable decisions on a whole range of things. And so what I think for the short term we're going to be doing is continuing to support CCXI, continuing to provide the range of services on the cross-border market and through Moody's Analytics that we're already providing, grow those businesses and wait for tensions to hopefully ease, which may not come until we get through the election, but then see how much the friction reduces and how quickly we can get back to thinking about other ways to expand the business in the domestic market.
Bill Warmington: Got it. So my follow-up, I was going to ask about the U.S. public finance market there. You've hinted at the strength there. Maybe you could talk a little bit about what's driving that and what's behind your outlook for that.
Ray McDaniel: Sure. Rob, do you want to take that?
Rob Fauber: Yes. Sure. You're right. We've seen very strong issuance out of the public finance sector in the United States and actually the public finance sector around the world. And I think that's not surprising. A lot of issuers have used this as an opportunity to mitigate revenue shortfalls. So that's really been a catalyst for issuance and combined with the fact that you've got very conducive market conditions. And I think, ultimately, if the sector experiences further credit stress, the nature and amount of Fed and other stimulus programs is going to be very important in terms of mitigating the impact and thinking about market access. Obviously, to date, the Fed has rolled out the muni support program, and I think that runs through early next year, and that's been very important in terms of supporting investor confidence. The other thing is that ultra low rates have meant that the taxable financing market has been more favorable. And you might remember a couple of years ago, coming out of the Tax Reform Act of 2018, there were restrictions on the fundings. And that really reduced some of the volume in the public finance market in the subsequent quarters. But with rates being so low, taxable deals have now become more economic. So we've seen a lot of that activity that's continued to support the public finance market.
Bill Warmington: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets.
Ray McDaniel: Please check your mute button. We are unable to hear you. Maybe Jeff can dial back in.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Yes, hi. Thank you. My first question, maybe you could touch a little bit further on the strength you saw in financial institutions in your ratings business and what your outlook is there for the second half of the year. It's obviously not normal to see this segment jump this much one way or the other this way positive. But do you think this is sustainable as we get further into the second half of the year?
Ray McDaniel: I think we're expecting to see some tapering in the financial institution sector in the second half of the year just as we've talked about it in other sectors. It's not going to be as material because it is a pretty stable line of business in terms of revenue generation and has because financial institutions are generally investment-grade, has a high proportion of recurring revenue in the form of frequent issuer pricing agreements. So we do expect to see a reduction as against the second half of last year, but again, not as material as we would see in some other LOBs.
Rob Fauber: And Ray, I think to build on that, I think also you saw these financial institutions tapping the market and getting their funding needs earlier in the year. So we benefited from some excess issuance above and beyond those relationship-based pricing constructs in the insurance and banking sector. And I think Ray is exactly right, I think some of that has been just pulled forward in terms of the calendar year.
Craig Huber: That's helpful. And then, I also want to ask on the cost side, maybe if you could just, anything out of the ordinary that we should be aware of in the third and fourth quarter costs and also be curious to hear what the incentive compensation was in the quarter, please.
Ray McDaniel: Sure. Mark?
Mark Kaye: Yes. Second quarter incentive compensation number was approximately $60 million. We are expecting incentive compensation to be approximately $40 million to $50 million per quarter for the remainder of 2020, and that would compare to the prior $25 million to $30 million we had previously guided given strong performance. On your point around unusual items, maybe I'll talk about this in the context of our outlook for the adjusted EPS result for the year. And we've guided at the midpoint to $9 primarily due to the reflection of the actual operating performance in MIS in the second quarter. And if I think about at $9, this is not necessarily an exhaustive list, but just a list of considerations for items that we have not adjusted for within that number. And that would include things like the prepayment penalty from the early calling of the June 2021 notes, the increased bad debt allowance for COVID-19-related exposures, the legal accrual or even things like the opportunity cost of forgoing share repurchases, at least on a temporary basis in the first and the second quarter. And if I add up those sort of items as non-exhaustive list, they get to around $0.30 on an adjusted EPS basis, which is worth around three to four percentage points of growth that we are not adjusting for.
Craig Huber: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: Good afternoon and thank you for taking my questions. I just want to get a better understanding of your margin guidance. So what does it take to get to your high end or even exceed your 48% to 49% margin guidance? What kind of expense assumption you have baked in? For example, do you assume some kind of reopening and maybe bank loan will come back in the second half of 2020?
Ray McDaniel: Owen, I'd again just like to welcome you to the call, and I'll let Mark Kaye try to address your question.
Mark Kaye: Our full year adjusted operating margin guidance is in a range of 48% to 49%. And at the midpoint, that means we are increasing our 2020 adjusted operating margin guidance by approximately 100 basis points to 48.5%. And that's 100 basis points higher than the 2019 actual results of 47.4%. The majority of that is driven by organic activity. We do have a slight offset from inorganic or the net impact of inorganic acquisitions. I would also say that the increase versus the April investor call is really because of the creation of incremental operating leverage. And that's given our primarily because of our updated outlook for issuance in the low double digit but also the strong performance in the second quarter. On the operating leverage side, certainly, scalable revenue growth is a critical driver, and we also benefited a little bit this year from the reset of incentive comp accruals. On the efficiency side, we spoke a little bit early in the call about restructuring benefits. And then, of course, there's increased automation, the utilization of lower cost locations for more routine operational matters, procurement efficiencies and then ongoing real estate. And all of that coupled together means that we've built a good basis from which to grow operating or adjusted operating margin.
Ray McDaniel: And Owen, it's Ray. I would just add briefly to that, that remember, we're also in a period where MIS is growing at a faster rate than Moody's Analytics, and MIS is the higher-margin business. So when the higher margin business is growing at a faster pace, that provides lift for the margin for the corporation as a whole. I realize that's probably obvious, but just wanted to get it in.
Owen Lau: That's very helpful, Mark. And then maybe ERS, I got some questions about this segment as well. I think you mentioned some strength in the software and analytics sales, but some delays of IFRS 17 and CECL. I just wonder like from a modeling perspective, how should we expect this line item for the rest of 2020 and also maybe 2021? Should we expect higher growth in BvD and RDC but lower growth in ERS?
Ray McDaniel: Sure. Rob?
Rob Fauber: Yes. So obviously, we haven't changed our guidance. And I would say that in general, the impact from the social distancing and the challenges to sales have impacted our ERS business a little bit more than they have our RD&A business. And that is all reflected in the guidance that we've got today. So the other thing I might say is that just in general across the portfolio that the retention has been quite good. It's been a little bit better than we had expected back in the April earnings call. And our sales performance has been a little bit better than back in April as well. So both of those things have helped, not enough to change where we are in the guidance range, but that sales experience and retention has been pretty consistent across really most of the product line, and that includes ERS. And again, part of the reason for that is, these are business-critical software applications that are difficult to turn off.
Owen Lau: Thank you. That's helpful.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from George Tong with Goldman Sachs.
George Tong: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon, Mark, I want to take another crack at your margin and expense commentary. Obviously, your upwardly revised margin guidance assumes flat OpEx. So could you provide some additional color around perhaps expense assumptions by segment, including what planned cost savings and investment spending is baked in to achieve your target?
Mark Kaye: Well, I would start maybe by commenting, George, that we're very pleased to highlight that disciplined expense management continues to create operating leverage and investment capacity for our business. We've mentioned previously that we have evolved our selling approach, and we've adapted to meeting formats to be more virtual rather than in person. That naturally results in lower T&E and marketing costs. In addition, we've also been very active in reducing expenses through procurement activities, and as I mentioned a moment ago, through the use of, I'd say, lower cost locations for more routine operational activities. Structurally, we have taken a number of cost actions, including the 2018, 2019 restructuring program, which resulted in around $60 million of run rate savings this year. We also created an additional $30 million in efficiencies that we outlined back in February to support our 2020 operating income and investment back into the business. And if you take that together with the $5 million to $6 million in run rate real estate savings that we spoke about this morning in our earnings release, that creates an almost $100 million in ongoing savings from actions that the management team has taken. If I specifically look towards our updated guidance for full year 2020 operating expenses of approximately flat, the comparison vis-à-vis 2019 shows around 1.5 to two percentage points related to ongoing expenses to support the company's initiatives to enhance technology infrastructure, to enable automation, innovation, efficiency, etc., and business growth. Probably 0.5 percentage point to acquired and divested companies or the net of, and then we get a small offset through a restructuring charge that doesn't reoccur quite to the same extent this year and FX.
George Tong: Got it. That's helpful. And Mark, earlier on the call, you'd indicated that you would be revisiting share repurchases from time to time opportunistically. If you look at your share repurchase program or just capital allocation in general from a philosophical perspective, how has the pandemic changed your views from both the near-term and intermediate-term time frame?
Mark Kaye: I think maybe I'll give a little perspective, and I'll answer your question, George. I think from 2015 to 2019, free cash flow conversion of net income has been approximately 115%. That's adjusting for the 2017 DOJ settlement. We are expecting 2020 to be slightly above 100% despite what I think of as some working capital headwinds, like, for example, the higher 2019 incentive comp payments that came through in the first quarter this year, the retirement pension funding from the first quarter or even higher CapEx. And the growth in the 2020 free cash flow adjusting for some of those items is going to be greater than 10%, which is better than the full year adjusted EPS growth at the midpoint. I'd say specifically to your question, we are a capital-light business. Investment would have to ramp up considerably in order to change the dynamic between adjusted net income and free cash flow over an extended period. And that's why I really wanted to focus our guidance around share repurchases again, really looking at it on a quarterly and an opportunistic basis as we have more clarity on the economic outlook.
George Tong: Thank you.
Operator: And it appears there are no further questions at this time.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. Before ending the call, I'd like to reiterate my gratitude to our employees. You've done a phenomenal job adapting to the evolving environment, and your dedication and support have been vital during these challenging times. So thank you all for joining today's call, and we look forward to speaking with you again in the fall. Have a good summer.
Operator: This concludes Moody's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS review breakdown under the Second Quarter 2020 Earnings section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 P.M. Eastern Time on Moody's IR website. Thank you.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-30 11:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the Moody's Corporation First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for question-and-answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Shivani Kak: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's first quarter 2020 results, as well as our outlook for full-year 2020. I'm Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the first quarter 2020, as well as our outlook for full-year 2020. The earnings press release and the presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Mark Kaye, Moody's Chief Financial Officer.  During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures mentioned during this call and GAAP. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the SEC's website. These together with the Safe Harbor statement set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Shivani. Good morning, and thank you, everyone, for joining today's slightly delayed call. We apologize for that delay. I'll begin by providing a general update on the business, including Moody's first quarter 2020 financial results. Mark Kaye will then comment on our outlook for 2020. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. Much of today's call will be focused on the effect that the COVID-19 pandemic has had on the economy and our business, along with Moody's preparedness and response. I'd like to start by saying how incredibly proud I am of the dedication and hard work of our employees across the globe. They've made it possible for Moody's to continue operating respectively, demonstrating that the resilience of our business lies with our people. This importantly includes our technology staff, who were proactive in upgrading our infrastructure and planning for remote work. Amidst these turbulent times, we remain confident in Moody's long-term growth fundamentals. As our expertise is increasingly relied upon in this environment, our mission has become even more critical, to provide trusted insights and standards that help decision makers act with confidence. We have maintained a healthy balance sheet and ample liquidity, which will help us manage through this period of uncertainty. While we have had a strong first quarter with robust growth in both revenue and earnings, we expect the implications of COVID-19 to be more pronounced throughout the second half of the year. As a management team, we prepare rigorously for a multitude of contingencies. After careful consideration, we have aligned around the base case scenario with relatively wide-ranging outcomes. This is reflected in our full-year 2020 adjusted diluted EPS guidance, which we have lowered and widened to a range of $7.80 to $8.40 this is a material change from our previously communicated guidance, and we will discuss the changes to our assumptions that drive this updated outlook. As everyone is aware, the COVID-19 virus has taken a significant toll globally. It has required heroic efforts from the health community to treat millions of patients, and we would like to express our sincere gratitude for these frontline professionals. As the pandemic continues, the health and safety of our more than 11,000 employees remains Moody's top priority. Like other organizations, we have transitioned to remote work. We continue to monitor the situation on a local level, and will align our future working arrangements with guidance from the relevant authorities, such as considerations for adequate testing and contact tracing. Likewise, we are taking steps to ensure we can provide a safe work environment. In response to the pandemic, we've made our research and insights accessible to the public-at-large by creating a microsite at moodys.com/coronavirus, which contains a wide range of content related to COVID-19 and its impact on the markets. In addition, we are regularly engaging with market participants via virtual meetings and webcasts to share our knowledge and opinions. We are also supporting our local communities, including providing our employees with virtual opportunities to volunteer, and the recently announced $1 million program of charitable donations and other supporting measures addressing both the immediate and long-term impacts of the pandemic. This follows an initial donation in January to aid in medical relief in China. The program includes global and local brands that are a mixture of humanitarian and other aid to address the impact of COVID-19 on small businesses and education systems. I encourage you to learn more about these and other key corporate social responsibility initiatives in our CSR report published earlier this week, and at our microsite, moodys.com/CSR. Lastly, we are lending our expertise to governments and policy makers to help mitigate the Coronavirus's impact, and plan for recovery. Our information and analysis has been critical, for example, in helping to inform stimulus programs and the allocation of fiscal support. These commitments to our stakeholders exemplify Moody's purpose to bring clarity, knowledge, and fairness to and interconnected world. We continue to proactively engage with our customers in order to provide unique insights specifically relevant to this time of stress. One example, as I mentioned, is our COVID-19 microsite, which aggregates content from across our businesses, and includes over 1,000 published reports that have been visited more than 120,000 times. We have seen a 120% increase in usage on our website, and over 35,000 people participated in Coronavirus related online events that we have organized. During this crisis, we are investing in our customers and communities by enhancing existing products and developing new offerings. For instance, we've built out our macroeconomic scenarios to reflect the potential implications of the Coronavirus outbreak in January, and these scenarios have helped hundreds of banking customers project the impact of the virus on their businesses. Moody's Analytics also recently announced its Know Your Supplier Portal. This innovative tool aids hospitals and other healthcare providers identify and screen suppliers, as sourcing medical and personal protective equipment for frontline staff remains a critical challenge, and unfortunately, also invites fraud and scams. Finally, MA enhanced its credit decisioning solutions to help lenders underwrite loans on the first day the Paycheck Protection Program was made available to banks and borrowers under the CARES Act. In addition to our COVID-response. We are also remaining focused on key growth initiatives, ensuring that when we emerge from this situation to a new normal, Moody's will be strongly positioned for continued growth. I'd like to update you on three of those initiatives, where we've been investing in these areas recently, and our strategy is beginning to coalesce into unique and powerful customer solutions. First, Know Your Customer, or KYC, where we recently acquired Regulatory DataCorp, RDC, in order to create a leading global player in this space. We have a compelling and hard-to-replicate suite of solutions, bringing together decades of experience in customer and supplier screening, proprietary databases, and AI capabilities to improve speed and effectiveness in identifying risks. We are well underway in the integration process, and the recently launched Know Your Supplier Portal that I mentioned earlier demonstrates this. We have also continued to add new features to our compliance product, Compliance Catalyst, including the ability for customers to create their own list of entities with whom they do not want to transact, as well as enabling compliance with U.S. OPAC and EU sanctions regulations regarding entities that are majority owned by a sanctioned company or individual. We remain excited about the growth prospects in KYC, as our customers will be searching for new tools and solutions to improve their efficiency in this crucial function.  Another area of focus for us is ESG, which we are embedding across Moody's. Last week, to commemorate Earth Day, we rolled out our new ESG and climate risk hub, moodys.com/ESG. The site showcases our ESG and climate risk capabilities across both lines of business. The products provided by 427, Vigeo Eiris, and SynTao Green Finance alone re immensely powerful. But when we bring together these companies' world-class data and analytics with MIS and MA's core competencies, we have unrivaled offering for our customers.  Finally, we continue to enhance our CRE platform. The commercial real estate market, like many other areas, is under intense pressure right now, and many of our customers are trying to think through the impact to their investment portfolios. We continue to build on our proprietary REIS database, recently launching a new website with a dedicated COVID-19 topic page. With the REIS network, paired with our tools and expertise in ESG, structured credit, and risk, we can provide a comprehensive solution with a wide range of use cases to help our customers. So we remain focused on creating long-term growth, and are optimistic about our prospects for these markets.  Before reviewing our first quarter results, I thought it would be helpful to provide a recap of how COVID-19 affected the credit markets. The virus has had a starkly negative impact on the global economy, resulting in widespread rising unemployment in recessionary conditions. In response, governments have undertaken unprecedented global monetary easing efforts and fiscal actions. While we've seen market disruption, we've also observed somewhat of the dichotomy between the impact of these macro shocks on the real economy, and the functioning of the credit markets. For instance, investment grade companies have responded to economic uncertainty by bolstering their cash balances and capital positions, with record levels of bond issuance in March and April. On the other hand, we've observed substantial spread widening in speculative grade issuance markets, and leverage finance activity curtailed as the contagion intensified. The high-yield bond market has begun to reopen, especially at the higher end of the speculative grade rating scale, while the leveraged loan market has been slower to recover. Nevertheless, the banking system has remained stable, allowing for a wave of borrowings under revolving credit facilities by corporates seeking liquidity. We have seen similar trends outside the corporate sector, and that higher rated names, notably financial institutions, have retained access to the credit markets, and use that access to bolster liquidity. We've seen a slowdown in structured finance activity, notably in CLOs, as spreads widen during March, given underlying credit concerns. U.S. public finance was also active early in the first quarter, yet issuance slowed as funding rates escalated. As credit markets increasingly read through severe economic stresses and focus more on post-virus underlying fundamentals, we expect that this dichotomy with the real economy may continue until companies and financial institutions have completed their balance sheet and liquidity strengthening initiatives. I'd like to further highlight the progression of corporate issuance over the course of the first quarter. As you can see, leverage finance was relatively active early in the quarter, given tight spreads and healthy investor demand. However, issuance tapered as high-yield spreads significantly widened in March to exceed 1,000 basis points, levels not seen since 2009. The simultaneous surge in investment grade activity drew a contrast, as March issuance more than doubled from the prior year period. These diverging trends inform our issuance outlook, which Mark will elaborate on shortly. Moving to the first quarter 2020 results, Moody's exhibited strong performance, as both business segments contributed to a 13% revenue increase overall from the prior year period, with 19% growth from MIS and 5% growth in MA. MA grew 9% organically, excluding acquisitions and divestitures. Moody's adjusted operating income of $649 million was up 25% from the prior year period/ Aided by ongoing cost discipline, the adjusted operating margin expanded by 490 basis points to 50.3%. Adjusted diluted EPS of $2.73 grew by 32%. I will now turn the call over to Mark Kaye to provide further details on our revised outlook for 2020.
Mark Kaye: Thank you, Ray. I will begin by discussing how the rapidly evolving events over the last several weeks have affected Moody's outlook for 2020. Since our investor call on March 11, COVID-19 was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization, leading to the implementation of shelter-in-place policies across most of the U.S., Europe, and Asia Pacific. With the shutdown at non-essential businesses and reduced staffing needs across many sectors, over 30 million Americans have now filed for unemployment. This economic disruption has materially impacted the normal functioning of markets, and added extreme points so far. [Indiscernible] surged to over 80, oil prices hit multi-decade lows, and high-yield spreads widened to over 1,000 basis points. On the other hand, as Ray mentioned, governments have implemented unprecedented fiscal support and monetary easing actions, helping to allow credit markets to function a degree better than what's implied by developments in the underlying economy. With the net effect of these indicators, we have selectively revised downward our 2020 base case assumptions to reflect a more adverse operating environment. Specifically, our base case scenario assumes that economic activity will remain relatively weak into the third quarter and possibly fourth quarter. We currently assume 2020 U.S. and European GDP to decline 5.7% and 6.5% respectively, the U.S. full-year unemployment rate to be approximately 10%, benchmark rates to stay low with high-yield spreads remaining in excess of 700 basis points, and high-yield default rates to be between 11% and 16%. All of these figures and assumptions or materially more negative than what we anticipated in mid-March. We continue to closely monitor both the macroeconomic backdrop and the credit markets, and we'll update our assumptions as we gain increasing insight into the impact of COVID-19. Moody's outlook for 2020 is based on assumptions about many geopolitical conditions and macroeconomic and capital market factors. These include, but are not limited to, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the responses to the pandemic by governments, businesses, and individuals, as well as disruptions in the energy markets, the effect on interest rates, capital market liquidity, and activity in different sectors of the debt markets. Our assumptions also include interest and foreign exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions, and the level of debt capital markets activity. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty, and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. Our forecast reflects U.S. exchange rates for the British pound of $1.24 and for the euro of $1.10. We anticipate that both Moody's revenue and operating expenses will decline in the mid-single digit percent range. The full-year 2020 adjusted operating margin is forecast to be in the range of 46% to 48%. We're targeting net interest expense to be between $180 million and $200 million. The full-year effective tax rate is anticipated to be in the range of 19.5% to 21.5%. Diluted EPS and adjusted diluted EPS are forecast to be in the range of $7.25 to $7.85, and $7.80 to $8.40 respectively. Free cash flow is expected to be in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion. For a full list of our guidance, please refer to Table 12 of our earnings release. For MIS, we anticipate total revenue to decline in the high single-digit percent range, and for issuance to decline in the low double-digit percent range, with an estimated 600 new mandates. MIS's internal forecast calls for investment grade issuance to increase 10% with a 20% decline in high yield and a 40% decline in bank loans. We assume that liquidity driven issuance will continue. However, fewer M&A financings will reduce total rated issuance. Additionally, we expect there to be a lower proportion of infrequent issuer activity, leading to a less favorable mix of issuance. The stable recurring revenue base, along with cost discipline, will provide balance to the margin for these downwardly revised revenue drivers. The MIS adjusted operating margin is forecast to be in the range of 55% to 57%. We remain confident in MIS's long-term fundamentals, despite COVID-19 related headwinds. As the graphs on the slide show, at the start of the year, MIS rated non-financial corporates had over $4 trillion of refinancing needs in the following four years to five years. This provides a future base for issuance, although the recent surge in investment grade issuance has likely steepened the last few years of these charts and resulted in new maturities begun the time periods we show here. Furthermore, as I previously indicated, speculative grade default rates are likely to increase, and these refinancing amounts may be reduced or the time periods delayed as a result. Aside from refinancing, we expect that M&A will at some point reemerge as a prominent use of proceeds for debt capital markets activity. For MA, we forecast total revenue to grow in the mid-single digit percent range, due to the business's strong recurring revenue base, robust organic performance, and the contribution from recent acquisitions. This growth reflects the offsetting impact of MAKS's divestiture. For strong expense discipline, we still expect the MA adjusted operating margin to expand over 200 basis points in 2020 to approximately 30%. As I just noted, MA's ability to continued growth on a reported and organic basis during 2020 is enabled by its high recurring revenue base, with only around 10% of MAs 2020 revenue anticipated to be derived from new sales. However, due to the disruption from COVID-19 related social distancing guidelines, we have curtailed in-person sales meetings, and as a result, have prudently included an impact to renewal yields and new sales development in our forecast. I'd like to highlight here that MA has had a stable history of strong retention rates between 94% and 96% since 2012, and its track record of retaining customers spans multiple products and services. Research, ERS, and BvD all had retention rates of 92% or higher in 2019. As such, we expect that MA will provide overall stability for Moody's in mitigating the revenue impacts associated with COVID-19 in 2020.  During this period, MA's increasing its emphasis on proactive customer support, while focusing on our customers' evolving needs through innovation, new value propositions, and enhanced product features. MA has adapted to the current situation by holding substantially more virtual meetings, which has led to an increase in the total number of sales meetings compared to the prior year period. The effectiveness of these virtual meetings has yet to be fully determined, and as such, we anticipate that the sales cycle may extend beyond the typical average of nine months to 12 months. I'd like to provide additional color on our plan to reduce expenses in the mid-single digit percent range in 2020. In recent years, we have been actively managing our expense base, and our guidance increased to $60 million benefit related to the restructuring plan we completed in mid-2019. We also assumed $30 million in additional cost savings from increased utilization of lower cost locations, M&A synergies, and improved process efficiencies through technology. As you can see on the bottom chart, the guidance we provided during the Investor Update Call on March 11 was for an increase in expenses in the low single-digit percent range, rather than the decrease in the mid-single digit percent range that we now assume. The incremental savings from our prior guidance is substantially due to lower incentive compensation and reduced expending in marketing, and travel and entertainment costs, along with reprioritization of investment and project spends. I'd also note that we expect to continue investing in key areas, such as ESG, KYC, China, and enabling technologies to support future growth opportunities. We've developed our investment plans on a contingency basis, in case our assumptions on the impact of COVID-19 vary significantly. I also want to make it clear that supporting our stakeholders through COVID-19 through the heightened relevance of our insights, analytics, and data means that maintaining our employee base remains a high priority. As such, we have not factored in material headcount reductions into our expense guidance. Moody's remains focused on proactively managing expenses and preserving strong liquidity, and at the end of the first quarter, we held $2.2 billion of cash and short-term investments, and maintained an undrawn $1 billion revolving credit facility. In March, we issued $700 million of five-year notes, which illustrated investor confidence in Moody's and our capacity to access the capital markets, even in turbulent times. our maturity schedule is well balanced, while our weighted average coupon is over a percentage point lower than it would otherwise have been without the benefit of our hedging programs. We continue to be anchored around a BBB plus rating, indicative of the appropriate level of leverage to provide both financial flexibility and capital efficiency. And finally, while we have confidence in the resilience of the business and the strength of our balance sheet. Given the uncertainty around the extent and duration of COVID-19, we have temporarily suspended share repurchases in favor of prioritizing liquidity management. Before turning the call back over to Ray, I would like to emphasize a few key takeaways. Moody's continues to operate effectively, demonstrating the resilience to impact of COVID-19. We are highly engaged with our key stakeholders, who look to the insights and expertise we provide, especially during times of stress. We are actively adapting to meet the current circumstances, innovating new products and leveraging technologies to stay connected. Last, our strong balance sheet and disciplined expense management position us well for sustainable long-term growth. I will now turn the call back over to Ray. 
Ray McDaniel: Thank you, Mark. This concludes our prepared remarks. Joining Mark and me in a virtual format for the question-and-answer session are Rob Faber, our Chief Operating Officer; and special guests, Steve Tulenko and Mike West, the Presidents of MA and MIS respectively. We'd be pleased to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will ask that you please limit your questions and yourself to one question with a brief follow-up. You are then welcome to rejoin the queue for any additional questions you may have. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Alex Cram with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Cram: Hello, everyone. I think you gave a lot of guidance on the updated forecast already, but just maybe a little bit more color on the MIS side. It seems like high yield and levered loans are the biggest culprits here, so maybe you can just flush this out a little bit more. I mean, high yield, as you noted yourself, spreads have already tightened. The month has started very well. So just wondering where that conservatism comes from. And then on the levered loan side, any reasons why that could be different or any more color you can provide there. Thank you. A - Mark Kaye Alex, thanks very much for your question. I think what we'll do here is similar to what we've done in the past where I'll talk a little bit about the issuance drivers that we're hearing from some of the banks, and then I'm going to turn it over to Rob to follow up with our internal viewpoint. Before I begin, it's probably worth noting that, in general, many of the banks we spoke with haven't yet updated their official issuance forecasts, especially for high yield, considering ongoing market volatility. Starting with U.S. investment grade, the banks are seeing a strong liquidity to start the year, with record March issuance volumes. Many of the initial issuance were towards the higher end of the investment grade spectrum. But access to the market was brought more recently as a result of the Fed's actions to improve liquidity, which has also led to narrower spreads. The issue with on balance showed a clear preference for longer-dated bonds, partially due to the temporary disruption at the front end of the curve in mid-March. And the majority of issuance was motivated by issuers looking to create additional liquidity and fortify their balance sheet, considering the uncertain environment. But with spread tightening and still low benchmark rates, there are favorable conditions for more opportunistic issuance later in the year. M&A driven issuance is expected to be considerably lower than 2019, with some estimating more than 50% decline in M&A driven refinancings. The upcoming U.S. election cycle could also create volatility. So in terms of outlook, what we heard from the banks is that they are calling for U.S. investment grade issuance to be down 5% to up 5%. One note that's important to keep in mind for comparative purposes is the banks' use of investment grade issuance are inclusive of financials. After getting off to a solid start to the year, the banks also noted that U.S. speculative grade issuance came to a halt for most of March, as spreads widened above 1,000 basis points. The strength of the first two months of the year is obviously demonstrated by the year-to-date issuance still being ahead where it was this time last year, both the fixed and floating rate notes. And then more recently, there have been some positive signs with strong fixed rate issuance month-to-date in April. So with the preference for the higher end of the speculative grade market, the leverage loan market is seeing some indications of opening as well, but with a handful of transactions in April. Turning to Europe, dynamics similar to the U.S. investment grade, though less pronounced with the ECB's corporate sector purchase program, and certainly their announcement this morning. Overall, the banks themselves estimate that year-to-date European denominated investment grade issuance volume is up about 30%, with the last week of March especially busy. Then finally, after getting off to a strong start to the year in January and February, the European high-yield market has seen significant dislocation as a result of the COVID-19, having been effectively shut for the last seven weeks to eight weeks. So, that's it. The banks are optimistic that conditions could improve in the near future, and that the recent ECB measures to improve liquidity in the European investment grade market would then have a correspondingly beneficial impact to the high-yield market, with a solid pipeline waiting for conditions to stabilize. And I suppose I could say more encouragingly, high-yield bond issuance has recently resumed, marking the first issuance since the market was shut down due to the impact of the virus. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob to update you on MIS's issuance expectations. A - Rob Fauber Great. Thanks, Mark. Alex. Thanks for the question. I know there's a good bit of interest around our overall issuance outlook so I want to give a fulsome answer and continue to build on what Mark talked about. As we said, overall we're looking at a low double-digit decline and global rate issuance. For investment grade, you heard Mark talk about we're looking for something in the range of up to 10% for the reasons that Mark cited, which is really issuers have been really hitting the market bolstering liquidity and balance sheets. We think we're going to see a continuation of that activity and good market access for investment-grade issuers. We should also see some improvement in some of the non-U.S. regions and we've certainly seen that so far in April. Although not completely to the same degree that we've seen in the U.S. Your question specifically Alex, was around leverage finance. I think that you honed in on an area there. The key headwind for corporate issuance really isn't in our mind in the leverage finance sector. Certainly, we're starting to see some signs of improvement after the market was effectively shot for much of March but that said, I think we're going to see a challenging environment for leveraged finance throughout much of the year. There are a few reasons for that. One, some industries like oil and gas, transportation, retail, leisure we were expecting to see an uptick in defaults through the balance of the year, particularly at the lower end of the rating scale. That means we're going to see some attrition in terms of the number of issuers and our forecast have considered the default outlooks for those highest risk factors. Economic uncertainty and rising defaults are going to keep spreads elevated for those sectors, and that's going to weigh on issuance as well as M&A activity, which we think is going to be slow given the economic concerns that Mark talked about. Really leverage loan issuance as you heard Mark talked about being down. We think something in the range of twice what we're going to see high yield. There is a couple of reasons for why we think that leverage loan issuance is going to contract more than high yield. First, the rating distribution of leverage loan issuers is skewed more heavily to the low end of spec grade so that means we should see more defaults, higher spreads and reduced market access for leverage loan issuance. Second, the current stress that we're seeing in the CLO market is going to dampen the investor bid for leveraged loans. Third, the fact that we've got benchmark rates that are expected to remain very, very low, for considerably longer, it is going to again, skew the investor preference towards high-yield bonds rather than floating rate leverage loans. I think we'll continue to see issuance in the high yield bond space certainly from the BA area and really the fallen angels and the more resilient sectors. We're happy to go into some of the other sectors but let me pause there.
Alex Cram: This is great. I'll have a quick follow-up and a little bit more I guess medium term. I think initially the view heading into this crisis was okay, there's going to be a recession and you will see massive deleveraging coming out of this, as we've probably seen in other recessions for short periods of time. But I think there is also a narrative here whereof the people say like, well, wait a minute. There is all stimulus. There's a lot of debt from governments but eventually, some of that debt is already today finding itself on corporate balance sheets or corporate debt. At the same time municipals are going to be struggling and will have to raise more and more debt. Is there actually a narrative here that when all said is done, there is going to be more debt in the world and more business for you to do and rates and more refinancing happening down the line versus maybe the easy to jump conclusion that the world is going to be leveraging and there's going to be less to do in the next few years? Any comments.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. Hi, Alex. It's Ray. There are obviously many narratives given the uncertainty that we have but I think there is a higher probability to the narrative that you just explained and is generally being assigned to that storyline in the market today. I think coming out of this with the banks going into the situation in much better shape than they were in during the financial crisis. The ability to supply liquidity, to allow M&A activity to move forward there will probably be distressed M&A coming out of this. The demands on the municipal sector to raise capital and a range of reasons for having debt in the market both opportunistically and out of need, I think is closer to a central case scenario as I said than I think people are generally giving credit for today.
Alex Cram: Okay, very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Cho with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Cho: Thanks, good afternoon. I'm going to switch gears a little bit and focus on Moody's Analytics for a second. I was just hoping to get a little bit more color on the changes of the MA revenue guidance and maybe you can talk through the various nuances when we think about pressure on renewal yield and then maybe comment on how pricing plays into that dynamic.
Rob Fauber: Sure. Hi, this is Rob and I'm going to ask Steve to give a little bit of color on the renewals in a second. As you see now we expect growth for the full year to be in that mid-single-digit range and that implies a bit of a reduction which includes about 1% from unfavorable FX movements. There is a little bit greater impact to the ERS business due to some of the one-time nature of sales than we expect to see in the research data and analytics segment. But we do think that revenue growth is going to be impacted by our ability to close on sales from our existing pipeline as well as the ability just to generate new sales opportunities in the upcoming quarters. Mark touched on that. I'd say we're also actively mitigating those factors in a couple of ways. First, the impact of social distancing, we're really ramping up these virtual sales meetings so we're keeping our sales teams very engaged with our customers. Second, the issue around customer purchasing behaviors, we're adapting our sales campaigns to launch new product features and address very immediate customer needs. Within call it six weeks of experience that we've had under these conditions, we've updated our sales outlook to incorporate the impact of all of this on our sales generation for the remainder of 2020. Like I said, we think we have a little bit lower growth in RD&A and ERS in general. Steve, do you want to add to that just in terms of the renewals?
Steve Tulenko: Yes, thanks very much. I would say that at least in my experience in renewing our accounts over the years, maybe the leading indicator, the most powerful indicator of a renewal problem is a lack of usage. I would say we have exactly the opposite going on here. Our usage levels are as high as they've ever been. In fact, we're showing 20% and 30% more usage this year than we saw at the same time last year. So quarter-on-quarter Q1 usage of our products and I mean across the board credit view The BvD products, the ERS products usage is up 20% and 30% across the board. Demand for what we do is very strong and I would say we're confident we'll renew most everybody according to schedule. There are some big macroeconomic factors that could affect the renewal yield and that's what we've tried to acknowledge in some of the slides that we presented earlier. A few of our accounts may face troubles and we wanted to acknowledge that. We see a little bit of an impact on renewal yield but that's probably measured in a point or two but not much more than that and the macroeconomy would be the biggest driver, not a lack of usage.
Michael Cho: Great, thank you. Then just on the cost side more broadly, for all Moody's. Is there a bucket costs or efficiencies that we can think about as more permanent in nature given the actions that you're taking with the economic environment? I saw you made a call-out around projects and investments. Can you give a little bit more color on what type of projects and investments are getting reprioritized or pushed out? Thanks.
Mark Kaye: Mike, it's Mark here, and thanks so much for the question and good morning. Maybe I'll talk a little bit more broadly and then I will narrow in on your questions. I think there are two pieces here. The first is as a result of obviously COVID-19. We've taken a number of actions to put in place additional cost savings asides from those that arose from our 2018-2019 restructuring program or the previously stated $30 million in the 2020 cost efficiencies. We mentioned a couple of those in this part of the prepared remarks, either due to reducing certain expenses from the implementation of social distancing. For example, moving meeting formats to be more virtual rather than in person. That obviously saves travel costs. Secondly, we have evaluated a number of our spending plans and really gone through a reprioritization process with some of the initiatives that are more infrastructural back end being delayed slightly but really making sure that we focus on the business and our customers as a priority during this time. We've also revised down with some of the operating metrics in the environment. For example, our incentive comp has come down but equally importantly, the $30 million inefficiencies that we started the year with, we continue to invest in KYC, in RDC and ESG and in China. That's really important because we want to make sure during this period we take advantage of the opportunity to continue that investment cycle. There may be one of the last quick comment I'd add. During the March 11 Investor Day we did give a margin waterfall and we spoke about a number of the attributes there. It's important just to point out that we will continue that organic investment, which does contribute to a 50 basis point reduction in our margin guidance this year so we are continuing to invest.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Bill Warmington: Good afternoon, everyone. The first question on the MIS side, any takeaways from the Chinese market in terms of an early lean on potential recovery for the U.S. markets?
Ray McDaniel: Obviously, at a macro level, there has been a substantial slowing of GDP growth in China similar to the decline that we're seeing now coming up in the U.S. numbers. Orders of magnitude have been similar in terms of the percent change and percent change for I think what we might consider the consensus outlook. So in that respect, we might see that the expectations for recovery we would follow fairly closely behind China having gone into this later. But again, I think at a macro level, there are expectations for a decent rebound in GDP in 2021, possibly in late 2020. I think that would impact both economies. That being said, there are elements of how the Chinese have handled the pandemic and how they are thinking about returning to a normal economy from a working standpoint than in the U.S. We're just going to have to see how some of the different approaches end up impacting the two economies because we have not taken identical approaches either to the shutdowns, handling the shutdowns or the reopening at this point. So TBD I think is the fair stance for both.
Bill Warmington: My follow-up question, I wanted to ask about BvD. It has been showing some very nice low double-digit, low teens type growth. Previously, some people would think of that business as having some countercyclical characteristics as well. I wanted to know how that was doing and whether you were seeing that kind of cyclicality.
Steve Tulenko: Hi, Bill. I would say counter-cyclical or maybe acyclical are words that we've used over the years. The BvD growth this year has been good, very much in line with expectations that we set forth at the beginning of the year. Usage is very strong and I would say our lead flagship product ORBIS and many of the know-your-customer activities have grown in accordance with what we had expected and so going very well despite that simple problem that it's hard to go see customers right now. I'd add one more comment there, which is internally, we've found a lot of the projects we're doing with customers, the availability of the BvD Orbis product and availability of data has been very helpful because a lot of the questions people are asking right now in terms of size and scale of opportunity, size and scale of risk the BvD database has been very useful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Nicholas with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Andrew Nicholas: Okay. Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. The first one just on relationship-based revenue in MIS obviously is strong again this quarter and the strength appeared to be pretty broad-based. I was hoping you could speak to the different puts and takes to that revenue in the current environment and whether there is any reason to expect moderation in that line going forward.
Rob Fauber: It's Rob. We had very good recurring revenue growth in MIS. That's been supported by a couple of things. One, our standard pricing initiatives and second, ongoing monitored credit growth from first-time mandates very minimal impact from FX. Also, includes a little bit of revenue contribution now from our ESG and climate businesses. I wouldn't expect any significant change in that line. Obviously, if we see a meaningful increase in defaults we could have some attrition from rated issuers but I don't think there will be a material difference.
Andrew Nicholas: Great, thank you. Then just one other quick one. In terms of the renewal process and M&A is there anything you could say about the typical timing of those renewals? At least how those timings are spread across the year and whether or not renewals in the back half of the year would potentially be better than in the second quarter for some of the social distancing reasons and rationale that you outlined?
Steve Tulenko : Sure, it's Steve. I would say, personally, we don't see any obvious indications of real troubles in the second quarter and then I'll say we do have a little bit of seasonality in terms of the renewal base. There is a big proportion or a larger proportion of renewals due. They come due in December and January. Those are our two biggest months. We're relatively well spread throughout the year but December and January are definitely the two biggest proportionately and therefore if COVID were to have diminishing effects later on in the year would be good news for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Toni Kaplan: Thank you. I was hoping you could talk about your expectation for structured for the remainder of the year. I know you talked about CLOs but any color on the other products and any potential offset from the Fed actions so far.
Rob Fauber: Toni, it's Rob. Thanks for the question. Yes, we think securitization broadly is going to be negatively impacted. It's probably in the range of 20% to 25% across most asset classes. I imagine their CLOs, we think is going to be more impacted-- more in line with what we're going to see for leveraged loans. That's really due to both the leveraged loan decline and leveraged loan supply as well as the spreads, the much wider spreads in the CLO space. The commercial real estate space is another area that we think is going to be adversely impacted so we can see CMBS will be down in the neighborhood of something like 25%. And then, the other consumer sectors I think, in general, we just anticipate a relatively slow recovery and that's going to curtail the creation of new mortgages and auto loans and in turn going to dampen the outlook for RMBS and ABS. But let me ask if Mike West wants to add to that answer.
Mike West: Yes. Thanks, Rob. I think there's two key variables here. First is the asset creation side and that’s particular to corporate-backed securitization and that has to materialize and obviously we're seeing some stress in the system there. And then the second one is that the overall spreads on the instruments have to narrow to make those economics work. So those are two major things that we're looking at and obviously the underlying assets that are in there that we look out through the fundamental. So hopefully that gives a little bit more color.
Toni Kaplan: That's great. And for my follow-up, Mark, I was hoping you could help us understand about repurchases and resuming those, I guess. How many quarters of stabilization do we need to see or I guess what -- what goes into becoming comfortable again with resuming the repurchase program? Thanks.
Mark Kaye: Thanks, Toni. I'll start with maybe by reiterating that we have not changed our long-term strategic approach to our capital allocation. And we proactively took a number of steps in the first quarter to meet what we think of as 2020 working capital needs under a stress environment. Just a quick summary of those, we drew down approximately $500 million in incremental one- to three-month CP in March, and we did cancel [indiscernible] first quarter 10b5, share repurchase program. We did issue $700 million in new 5-year senior unsecured notes. The decision to pause share repurchases was really done out of an abundance of caution given the uncertainty around the extent and duration of the virus and its impact on the global economy, and we prioritize liquidity for the time being consistent with the actions as many other companies at this point. Longer term, our plan remains to optimize our balance sheet with the first use of excess cash [indiscernible], after which we will look to return capital to our shareholders by growing the dividend and repurchasing shares. And then, I am just going to add, we don't have any plans to reduce or scale back our dividends at this point in time. Thanks, Toni.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
George Tong: Hi thanks good morning. You expect global debt issuance volumes to be down low-double digits this year. Can you clarify if this refers to total issuance volumes or issuance built specifically by Moody's? And if it refers to build issuance, can you discuss what accounts for the difference between your outlook and your competitors’ forecast of down mid-single digits and build issuance?
Ray McDaniel: I'll just introduce the answer by, it's Ray, by saying -- we're talking about global issuance, not -- this is not an anticipation of a change in Moody's coverage of that issuance, but rather the total issuance that we anticipate seeing in the market. And that being said, it is of course rated issuance. There are parts of the debt markets that are not typically rated. So let me -- let me pass this over to Rob, I know -- I know he might have some more color on this.
Rob Fauber: Yes, that's exactly right. The only other thing I would add is we typically don't look at issuance in domestic markets, as well.
George Tong: Yes. Got it. So, as my follow-up in the ratings business, you expect MIS margins to be 55% to 57% this year compared to around 61% last year. Is there room for margin upside in MIS given your cost actions? And how would you expect your cost savings to split between MIS and MA.
Mark Kaye: Sure. So good morning -- good morning, George. This is Mark here. So certainly on a trailing 12-month basis, we have seen the MIS margins increase this quarter by around 180 basis points to 59.3%. We think that's a better measure to use than sort of a single quarter-on-quarter basis. We do expect issuance to generally recover later this year in the third and fourth quarter, but we don't necessarily anticipate being able to re-reach sort of the record Q1 revenue levels again this year. The MIS, the cost initiatives are similar to those that we're deploying in MA. So it's sort of a one Moody's approach. And we anticipate that it will contribute similarly to that mid-single digit expense reduction from 2019 actuals to offset our lower revenue outlook and to ensure that we are protecting our margin.
George Tong: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Silber: Thanks so much. Mark, in your prepared remarks, you mentioned a less favorable issuance mix. I know we’ve had a lot of data points that you've given out throughout the call, but, specifically what were you referring to there? What would be the impact on margins from that being less favorable? Thanks.
Mark Kaye: Jeff, Good morning. As part of that definitely our attribution on a core key basis, we typically look at the mix of the frequent versus the infrequent issuance and what we've observed certainly over the last month or month and a half is that mix is slightly different from what we would have assumed going into the year, primarily because the motivations of companies coming into the market to raise liquidity and capital. It's different than necessarily those of prior periods who would have come into the market to raise cash for investment or reinvestment purposes. And so I think it was worthwhile to point out that may be a subtle mix change as we go through 2020 and that's part of our incorporated guidance outlook.
Jeff Silber: Again, I'm sorry, the margin impacts from that mix shift, what would that be?
Ray McDaniel: You can see it captured in the margin outlook that we have currently. When normally infrequent issuers are issuing, they are doing so generally on a transactional basis and pay transaction-based fees. The frequent issuers who actually have been the bulk of the issuers issuing very recently are more likely to be on recurring revenue plans and so we don't capture the upside or the downside to the same extent in that sector with the relationship fees or recurring revenue fees. And if any of my colleagues want to add on to that. Please do.
Rob Fauber: Yes. The other thing I'd add Ray, in addition to kind of frequency and the nature of the commercial construct. When we see issuance from existing rated issuers that tends to be more margin friendly than when we see issuance from first-time issuers. Obviously first time issuers are important because they are building the portfolio of rated credits. But the ratings, when we see issuance from those existing issuers, that tends to be again a bit more margin friendly.
Jeff Silber: Okay, great. That's what I thought. I just wanted to clarify that. Thank you so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Great, thank you. I want to first focus on cost if I could, please. Curious what the incentive comp was in the quarter? What your outlook is for the year? But more importantly, can you just update us please on your growth outlook for cost for the remaining part of the year, fourth quarter versus the first quarter? I’ll have a follow-up question as well. Thank you.
Mark Kaye: Sure. Good morning -- Good morning Craig. This is Mark here. The incentive comp accrual for the first quarter was approximately $31 million. We now expect the incentive comp accrual to be approximately $25 million to $35 million per quarter as a remainder of the year compared to the $50 million per quarter guidance that we had given previously. On the expense ramp, previously we indicated a first quarter to fourth quarter expense ramp of a $20 million to $30 million increase. We are now expecting expense ramp of a $10 million to $20 million decrease for the year.
Craig Huber: That's fourth quarter versus the first quarter you’re saying?
Mark Kaye : That is correct.
Craig Huber: Okay. And then also wanted to ask Ray, if you would like to answer this, and you think long-term about your business and when we get through this COVID-19 environment here and say it doesn't last any longer than 12 to 18 months, we get a vaccine, sooner the better of course. When you look at the long-term strategic consequences of your business, both in the Moody's Analytics side, but more importantly on the ratings side, what are the sort of positive the negatives here on the back end of this whole thing, like helpful or actually punitive to your business, Ray.
Ray McDaniel: Well, I mean people have talked about the downside quite a bit in terms of companies that are defaulting, companies that may be cutting back, but the opportunities are really pretty powerful as well when we think out past this cyclical although catastrophic event of COVID. The kinds of data that we collect, the analytics that we put on that data is really essential to managing a range of financial and financially related risks. Some of it -- that risk management is imposed by regulation and policies. Some of it by good business practice, but all of it is considered essential and so whether it's accurate credit ratings, whether it's, know your customer or know your supplier products, the underlying data that goes with all of that for use in new and innovative ways. I think there's going to be a broader and deeper set of products and services being offered that are considered essential coming for Moody's coming out of the COVID pandemic than there were going in. We have the raw material because of the investments we've made over the last three, four years, we've been developing the products, we can see the products are in high demand as Steve was talking about earlier with usage levels growing at pretty dramatic rates. And we're really just tapping the surface with things like know your supplier and the uptake that that's getting is terrific. So looking at longer-term, I -- frankly, I think there's more opportunity than risk, but we've got to get through this thing. Rob, do you want to add anything to that?
Rob Fauber: Ray, I agree. And we talked about it a bit at the Investor Day call that we had a couple of months ago, I think what we're seeing is that companies and enterprises are going to want and need an even better understanding of the risk of who they're doing business with. I mean, you certainly see that now with credit, with supply chain and it's things like cyber, it's things like ESG. So that I think is very consistent with the direction that we talked about back in March about, really, global integrated risk assessment. And we're seeing -- we expect to see more demand for that than ever coming out of this crisis.
Operator: And our next question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please, go ahead.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. My first question is just, on the MIS outlook, the bridge between the low-double digit issuance decline and then the high-single digit revenue decline, is there anything more in there other than maybe just pricing as has been historically? And I was wondering if you could just comment on your exposure to the structured market, if that's in the outliers [indiscernible].
Rob Fauber: Mark, hey. It's Rob. I might have to ask you to ask the second part of that question again. But in terms of the build from issuance to revenues, no, I don't think there's anything unusual there than kind of a standard algorithm. But if you could just repeat the second part of that question.
Manav Patnaik: Sure. Yes, I think it was more around your exposure on the mix to the structure. Is that different than the other players in the market, if there's anything to call out there? And also while I'm at it, I'll just throw my second question which is, around the 600 first-time mandates that you resumed, what is the -- And typically being around clustered housing, what are those 400 -- the profile of those 400 or so that you lose in this environment?
Rob Fauber: Yes, okay. So in terms of our exposure versus perhaps others in terms of Structured Finance, look, the CLO market we expect to remain very soft over the balance of the year. That has become a more competitive rating market. So -- but I don't think broadly in terms of structured finance, we have any greater exposure by sector. Second, in terms of first-time mandates, a good number of first-time mandates historically come from leverage loan issuers. And so as we see that sector contracting the most, we expect that to have an impact on first-time mandates. I mean, I'm not sure it's really different by region. We expect first-time mandates to be down by region, but it's really, I would say, going to be coming out of that leveraged loan space.
Manav Patnaik : All right. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please, go ahead.
Craig Huber: Yes, hi. I do have a couple of follow-ups, if I could, please. Pricing in this environment on Moody's Analytics side, but also the ratings, you're sort of pretty confident that you can get your normal 3% to 4% increase?
Ray McDaniel: Well, to some extent, Craig, that is going to be determined by what issuance activity looks like. As you know, at least on the MIS side, some of our pricing relates to things like monitoring fees and some of the pricing relates to debt issuance. So there is some relationship between pricing and issuance activities. Rob may want to comment further on that.
Rob Fauber: Yes, that's right. I guess what I would say is what you're hearing from us on this call is about the ongoing demand for our products and services for our expertise, for our analysts for our research. And we think all of that is supporting the value proposition, both on the MIS and the MA side, so I don't think we expect there to be any kind of meaningful difference in terms of our approach. And we're going to continue to invest in reinforcing that value proposition, certainly, on the MIS side. That's why we continue to invest in very, very experienced analysts. You've heard us talk about that in the past, but it's at times like this when investors and issuers really value the experience of our analytical staff, of our economic teams, and so we're going to continue to invest in that and support the value proposition to our customers.
Craig Huber: And my last follow-up question here is, on the high yield side, can you just talk a little bit further about default rates where you think it might be at the end of this year, how that number of compared to 2008, 2009 peak levels, and also maybe how you sort of think about recovery rates at this stage? Thank you.
Ray McDaniel: Yes, let's, let's ask Mike if he would comment on this, please.
Mike West: Yes, thanks. Thanks for the questions. We've got out there in our forecast a range of 11% to 16%. The low end of that doesn't differ materially from '08, '09 period, however, what's important here is that we have a large book of business here with regard to the overall impact on profile and the lower-rated credits that we have been warning about before. So overall, that's where we are. Not much different at the low end. Obviously, we've got our pessimistic scenario at 16%.
Craig Huber: I should probably -- did want to ask -- I'm sorry -- this -- the oil-related companies out there, was that, Ray, about 15% of your high yield work?
Ray McDaniel: Yes, it's probably a bit lower than that. Mike, do you happen to have the numbers or Rob?
Mike West: Yes, I'll talk about the debt outstanding and then maybe Rob can add. But it's in the range of 10% to 15%.
Rob Fauber: Yes, from a revenue standpoint, the transactional revenue that we've gotten from that sector's historically kind of somewhere in the $75 million to $85 million range over the last couple of years. And that's historically been split between investment grade and spec grade.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James. Please, go ahead.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Hey, good afternoon. Just a quick one from me, can you provide some more detail on the bad debt reserves that you noted in your earnings press release?
Ray McDaniel: Sure. Mark?
Mark Kaye: Patrick?
Ray McDaniel: Yes, please.
Mark Kaye: Patrick, this is Mark. We recognized $24 million this quarter in bad debt allowance, which mainly resulted from our COVID-19 exposures and impact to certain sectors geographies issuance of lower credit quality. Actually, absent the incremental bad debts accrual which was worth around three percentage points of the Q1 operating expenses, expense growth for the quarter itself would have been flat. And we proactively chose not to adjust out this item in our results.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Thank you.
Operator: As there are no further questions at this time, I will now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel for closing remarks.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. Just want to thank everyone for joining the call as always. We look forward to speaking to you again in the summer. And in the meantime, please, everyone stay well. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes Moody's first quarter 2020 earnings call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the first quarter 2020 earnings section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 PM Eastern Time on Moody's IR website. Thank you.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-12 11:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for question-and-answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shivani Kak: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's fourth quarter and full year 2019 results, as well as our outlook for full year 2020. I'm Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the fourth quarter and full year 2019 as well as our outlook for full year 2020. The earnings press release and the presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Mark Kaye, Moody's Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release, filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures mentioned during this call and GAAP. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the SEC's website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statement set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning, in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. Thanks, Shivani. Good morning, and thank you everyone, for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's fourth quarter and full year 2019 financial results, and provide an update on the execution of our strategy. Mark Kaye will then follow with further details on our results and comment on our outlook for 2020. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. I'd like to start with a few highlights. First Moody's achieved 16% revenue growth in the fourth quarter of 2019. With Moody's investors service rebounding from the market disruption we experienced in the prior year period, as well as strong organic performance from Moody's analytics, which delivered double-digit growth for the fourth consecutive quarter. Second, in the fourth quarter of 2019, adjusted operating margin of 45.3% was up 30 basis points as compared to the prior year period. Next, we are pleased to introduce our full year 2020 adjusted diluted EPS guidance range of $9.10 to $9.30. This guidance includes the expected diluted impact of the regulatory data core or RDC acquisition, as well as projected share repurchases of $1.3 billion. With the announced RDC acquisition, we continue to expand our risk assessment offering, hoping an increasingly wide range of customers make better decisions. The combination of RDC's compliance data with your Bureau van Dijk capabilities, positions Moody's to become a leader in the know your customer or KYC standards. And finally, I'm pleased that Moody's has continued to enhance its sustainability engagement and disclosure as a corporation, and to invest in important new ESG tools for our customers. I'll talk more about the work we're doing and the progress we're making in these areas shortly. During full year 2019, Moody's achieved a 9% revenue growth, driven by 13% and 6% increases in MA and MIS revenues, respectively. Moody's adjusted operating income of $2.3 billion was up 8%. Adjusted diluted EPS increased 12%, driven by strong business performance. Moving on to fourth quarter 2019 results, robust performance across both business segments contributed to a 16% revenue increase for Moody's overall, with 21% growth in MIS, and 10% growth in MA. Moody's adjusted operating income of $559 million was up 17% from the prior year period. Strong revenue growth combined with ongoing cost discipline, drove 60 points of organic adjusted operating margin expansion. This was partially offset by a 30 basis point combined impact from acquisitions and the divestiture of Moody's Analytics Knowledge Services or MAKS. Adjusted diluted EPS of $2 was up by 23%. Over the course of 2019, credit market sentiment became more positive. This was especially evident in fourth quarter in comparison with the significant market disruption experience in the prior year periods. Favorable progress on certain overarching geopolitical concerns, as well as generally benign macroeconomic backdrop with accommodative stances from Central banks, allowed for low benchmark rates, tight spreads and active debt capital markets activity. Notably, high yield bond issuance improved substantially following a period of minimal activity in December of the prior year. I'd like to spend a moment discussing another active sector U.S. Public Finance, where MIS rated issuance grow by 84% in the fourth quarter versus 2018. The favorable low rate environment incentivize public entities to issue taxable bonds as a source of refunding, as lower benchmark rates offset tax disadvantages. This resulted in levels of issuance not seen since the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was enacted at the start of 2018. We expect the tight credit spreads and low benchmark rates will continue to support elevated refinancing activity in 2020, which Mark will discuss shortly. Our capacity to operate successfully in the capital markets depends on our ability to provide trusted insights and standards that help decision makers act with confidence. To that end, our performance and historical rank ordering drives investor demand for our credit ratings. We remain focused on analytical expertise and robust credit methodologies to provide predictive, predictable and transparent ratings. As you know, our strategy is focused on continuing to enhance our core ratings and analytics businesses, while expanding our risk assessment capabilities into adjacent product areas and across new geographies. On that note, I'd like to take a few minutes to review our recently announced acquisition of RDC, and highlight our presence in the Chinese market. Starting with RDC, as I mentioned earlier, the acquisition provides Moody's with a strong leadership position in the know-your-customer market. RDC has a specialized and unique data set of over 11 million curated profiles, an individual and is expected to act as an accelerator for Bureau van Dijk's already fast growing set of compliance products. Together, they will offer more efficient, one stop to customer solution that otherwise will be time intensive and costly to build. Together, on a pro forma basis for 2019, Bureau van Dijk's compliance products and RDC generated sales of approximately $150 million. We expect this figure to more than double by 2023. In addition, their combined capabilities have the opportunity to establish a global assessment standard for a market that was worth $900 million, as of 2019. This market has been growing at a compound annual growth rate of approximately 18% over the last five years. We're very excited about the future opportunities the RDC acquisition presents, and its alignment with Moody's core purpose of bringing clarity, knowledge and fairness to an interconnected world. Moving to China. I want to first note that we are obviously following developments relating to coronavirus very closely, and have been working to ensure that we are supporting our teams in impacted areas. Our main concern is for the health and safety of the local populations and our employees. In this spirit, the Moody's foundation has donated to give to Asia, a non-profit organization serving health needs in the area to combat the spread of the outbreak. While the initial and most concerning impact is on human health. The risk of contagion could affect future economic activity in global financial markets. The immediate and most significant impact is in China itself. However, given its importance as the world's second largest economy, a broader slowdown is certainly possible. That being said, Chinese and other authorities have substantial policy tools at their disposal to mitigate the impact of global GDP. The situation remains fluid and we will continue to monitor it actively. And let's take a moment to discuss the U.S. China phase one trade agreement. The development of the domestic Chinese market is an important driver of our long-term growth opportunity. We are therefore pleased that China has taken important steps towards opening the market to credit rating agencies, and the bilateral trade agreement acknowledges and ensuring certain commitments which we support. Moody's views the trade deal as a positive for both Chinese and U.S. growth. MIS rates both the cross border market and in the domestic market through our 30% interest in CCXI, one of the largest domestic rating agencies in China. And as China's financial market continues to expand and deepen, we continue to explore ways to better serve customers and contribute to the development of that market. China related revenues including from cross border activity for MIS and MA, totaled $176 million in full year 2019, up 17% from the prior year. In addition, Moody's attributable income from CCXI totaled $17 million in full year 2019, up from $15 million in the prior year. Before, I turn this over to Mark, I'd like to highlight some of the key initiatives that we have undertaken, that underscore our commitment to our stakeholders and to a sustainable future. We joined the UN Global Compact or UNGC initiative and enhanced our voluntary ESG related disclosures in our securities filings, consistent with guidelines from the sustainability Accounting Standards Board, and recommendations from the Task Force on climate related financial disclosures. These disclosure enhancements are well recognized by the FTSE4Good and Bloomberg Gender-Equality Indices, for which Moody's satisfied the requirements for inclusion for the first time. On the business front, we made strategic investments in our ESG risk assessment capabilities, which are becoming increasingly important to investors and other stakeholders. In 2019, Moody's acquired majority stakes in Vigeo Eiris and Four Twenty Seven. We have now integrated data from Four Twenty Seven with the research from MIS and the REIS network in MA. In addition, Moody's acquired a minority stake in SynTao Green Finance, which provides ESG data and ratings to the Chinese market. We believe that these investments enable us to offer our customers a more holistic Moody's product suite, which our customers continue to recognize as industry leading. Employee diversity and inclusion remain integral to our culture and essential to our future growth prospects. 2019 was yet another strong year for third party recognition of our achievements in this area. We continue to work towards the goal of embedding our CSR strategy and mindset throughout our communities. And I'm pleased to report that Moody's was verifiably carbon neutral during 2019. In 2020 and beyond, we will continue to differentiate, evolve and demonstrate thought leadership in these areas. I will now turn the call over to Mark Kaye, to provide further details on our fourth quarter performance and our outlook for 2020.
Mark Kaye: Thank you, Ray. For MIS, fourth quarter revenue was up 21% from the prior year period, and above the 18% increase in overall debt issuance due to a favorable mix from infrequent corporate and financial institution issuers. As a result of this favorable mix, transaction revenue increased 31%. As Ray mentioned earlier, MIS also benefited from strong U.S. Public Finance issuance, including increases in refunding supply and taxable transactions. Strong business performance and cost discipline, resulted in 130 basis points of constant dollar organic adjusted operating margin expansion, partially offset by 50 basis points from acquisition. MA continue to deliver double digit revenue growth, driven by strong contributions from the RD&A and ERS lines of business. As Ray mentioned earlier, MA has now delivered organic double digit growth in the last four consecutive quarters. RD&A revenue grew 12%, driven by credit research and data feed, as well as strong demand for Bureau van Dijk products, specifically, compliance and loyal customer solution. On an organic basis RD&A delivered double digit revenue growth of 11%. In ERS revenue grew 20% for the quarter or 16% organically, led by strong demand for credit assessments and loan origination solutions and products, that enable compliance with new accounting standards for banks and insurance. Our RiskFirst acquisition also contributed to this growth. In the fourth quarter, the MA adjusted operating margin decreased to 160 basis points, primarily due to severance and divestiture related expenses. On a trailing 12 month basis, constant and organic adjusted operating margin expand by 180 basis points, partially offset by a 40 basis point contraction from acquisitions. We remain disciplined in managing expenses to drive strong operating performance. In the fourth quarter, total operating expenses increased 7%, primarily due to incentive compensation and operating expenses attributable to acquisition and the MAKS divestiture completed within the last year. These were partially offset by saving from the restructuring program. For the full year 2019, total operating expenses increased 10%, primarily due to higher incentive compensation, operating expenses attributable to acquisition for MAKS divestiture and the restructuring charge. Turning to Moody’s full year 2020 guidance. Moody’s outlook for 2020 is based on assumptions about many geopolitical conditions, and macroeconomic and capital market factors. These include, but are not limited to, interest in foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions and the level of debt capital markets activity. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rate. Specifically, our forecast reflects U.S. exchange rates for the British pound of $1.31, and for the euro of $1.11. Slide 19, outlines a variety of drivers we considered when setting our 2020 guidance. In particular, for MIS we believe that stable economic fundamentals with GDP growth of 1.5% to 2% in the U.S. and 1% to 1.5% in Europe will underpin global debt issuance. Relatively tight credit spreads and low benchmark rates should support a favorable issuance mix, with elevated refinancing and opportunistic activity. For MA, research and data feeds as well as Bureau van Dijk will drive RD&A revenue performance. Growth in ERS will persist, benefiting from demand for IFRS 17 product in contribution from the RiskFirst acquisition. The core business plus the MAKS divestiture will support strong adjusted operating margin expansion for MA in 2020. Our investments in RDC, and other recent acquisitions are expected to create margin headwinds in the short-term. I'd also like to highlight that starting with the first quarter of 2020, we will no longer report Professional Services as a separate line of business. Instead, Moody's Analytics learning solutions will be reported as part of RD&A. Moody’s full year 2020 financial performance will benefit from the $60 million, in run rate savings from the restructuring program, which will enable improvement to the 2020 adjusted operating margin. We have identified approximately $30 million of additional expense efficiencies in 2020, that we will fund like announced growth initiatives such as ESG, China and enabling technologies. We anticipate that Moody's revenue will increase in the upper end of the mid-single-digit percent range, and then operating expenses will grow in the low-single-digit percent range. The full year 2020 adjusted operating margin is forecast to be in the range of 48% to 49%. We are targeting net interest expense to be between $180 million and $200 million. The full year effective tax rate is anticipated to be in the range of 20% to 22%. Diluted EPS and adjusted diluted EPS are forecast to be in the range of $8.60 to $8.80, and $9.10 to $9.30, respectively. Free cash flow is expected to be in the range of $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion. For full list of our guidance, please refer to table 12 of our earnings release. In 2020, we plan to return more than $1.7 billion of capital to our stockholders through approximately $1.3 billion of share repurchases, and more than $400 million in dividends. We are expecting free cash flow to be approximately equivalent to adjusted net income similar to 2019. Today, we are announcing that Moody's Board has directed to create regular quarterly dividends of $0.56 per share of Moody's common stock, a 12% increase from the prior quarterly dividends of $0.50 per share. This dividend will be payable on the 18th of March to stockholders of record at the close of business on the 25th of February. This increased dividend is in line with our target dividend payout ratio of 25% to 30% of adjusted net income. In 2020, we forecast global debt issuance to be approximately flat. A supportive condition for refinancing activity is expected to be offset by moderating global economic growth and M&A. The chart on the right shows our forecast for 800 to 900 new mandates, in line with 2019. For MIS, we expect total revenue to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. A strong execution of our strategy enables revenue growth despite flat issuance in first time mandates. The MIS adjusted operating margin is anticipated to be 58% to 59%. For MA, we forecast total revenue to grow in the high-single-digit percent range. Even strong sales growth across the research data feeds businesses, as well as ERS and Bureau van Dijk, further bolstered by the RDC acquisition. We expect the MA adjusted operating margin to expand over 200 basis points to approximately 30%, inclusive of the impact of the RDC acquisition. Before turning the call back over to Ray, I would like to emphasize a few key takeaways. We continue to execute a strategy that is driving Moody's evolution into a globally integrated risk assessments company, helping customers make better decisions. The acquisition of RDC is another important strategic step forward in this regard, strengthening our position in the large and prospering KYC markets with potential for significant upside. Core business strength, disciplined investments and cost management will support continued revenue growth and margin expansion in 2020. Finally, consistent with prior years, we're committed to being good stewards of capital and anticipate returning more than $1.7 billion to our stockholders in 2020. I will now turn the call back over to Ray for his final remarks.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks Mark. I just like to remind everyone that Moody's will be hosting its next Investor Day on March 11, 2020, here in New York City. The event, which will be webcast live will feature presentations from management and showcase important aspects of the company's business. Please contact the Investor Relations team if you'd like additional information about this event. And finally, listed on this slide are the conferences that we expect to attend in the next few months in Orlando, London and New York City. Please contact your bank representative to request a meeting with Moody's management at these events. This concludes our prepared remarks, and joining Mark Kaye and me for the question-and-answer session is Rob Fauber, our Chief Operating Officer. We'd be pleased to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Good afternoon, almost afternoon to you guys. The first question is just on the ESG side, that you had this slide with all the initiatives, and I get, what you're doing for your own, I guess, corporate angle. You've acquired a lot of the data assets that I think helped the credit rating side, which you said has been doing that for a while. So, I was just curious, what else should we be looking forward to in terms of, incremental revenues, in terms of your ESG efforts down the road?
Ray McDaniel: Sure. I'll let Rob tackle those. Rob, please?
Rob Fauber: Yes, sure. Good morning or almost afternoon Manav. So, just to give you a sense of kind of where we are from a revenue perspective with ESG, we're generating somewhere between $15 million to $20 million in revenues there. Unlike, some other companies that are in that ESG space, we don't have an index business to help us monetize our ESG content. So, really, we see the opportunity across two broad customer segments. It's really issuers on one hand, and investors and financial institutions on the other. And we're leveraging the content from the Vigeo Eiris and Four Twenty Seven businesses that we've acquired, and integrating that also across a wide range of offerings in MA. Maybe, just to talk about the issuer stock for a second. So, we're seeing some real ongoing growth in what we call the labeled bond market, this has started as the green bond market and has evolved to kind of a broader sustainability bond market. We think that market is going to hit something like 400 billion in issuance this year and that's up almost 25% from 2019. And through Vigeo Eiris, we offer something called a second party opinion on label bond issuance for issuers. And we did something like 120 of those last year. So, that makes us one of the world leaders in that space and we're further making some refinements to that offering. And Four Twenty Seven, we've got a few other offerings for issuers, sustainability ratings, sustainability linked loan assessments, and we're working on rolling out a climate assessment for issuers. And then over that second segment and I talked about investors and financial institutions. We've got ESG ratings on something like 4700 publicly listed companies, climate risk scores and over a million facilities. We're selling that to people for portfolio construction monitoring. And we're also now as I said, integrating that content into our MA offerings and we're seeing demand from data feeds, green stress testing, fiscal risk scores on our REIS platform that we just mentioned, even ESG training. So, a number of ways that we're looking to monetize all those.
Manav Patnaik: Got it, that's helpful. And then reading your comments around China, you referred to the trade agreements and so forth. Does that change your strategy in terms of partnering with CCXI, or maybe going back after your license, and so the domestic side of things?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. The trade agreement, we view it as very positive. Certainly, for the financial services sector and the opening of the financial services sector, we think that's a positive for us, it's also should be a positive for the Chinese market. What it does, is, it really codifies and clarifies that we have some different options in that market, we can pursue a license, we can continue with our joint venture in CCXI, and we could think about changing our ownership position in CCXI that was made clear in the trade agreement. So, what we're doing is evaluating those options. As I've said in previous calls, we are very pleased with the position that we have in CCXI. It has been a very successful business today. So, I think the greatest likelihood is that we will want to continue with CCXI, and see what our joint venture partner would like to do as far as our combined future.
Mark Kaye: Just to add a couple of numbers around that. We have 30% ownership in the leading rating agency CCXI, which has, just a reminder a little over 700 employees and 1500 customer relationships. We estimate that CCXI had around a 42% share of its $280 million single rating domestic market in 2019, and that was up slightly from the 39% in 2018.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Cho with JPMorgan.
Michael Cho: Hi, how are you doing? Thanks for taking my question. My first question is just around the Moody's Analytics margin guide. I was hoping you touched on this in the opening commentary, but I was hoping you could provide a little more commentary on the MA margin progression from 2019 to the 2020 guide. I guess, I'm thinking about core operating leverage investments and dilution from impacts or dilution from acquisitions at balancing those kinds of variables.
Mark Kaye: Good morning, Michael. This is Mark. I'll start maybe with 2019 and then I'll move forward towards 2020. So, for 2019, certainly in the fourth quarter, we did report a decrease in margin of 160 basis points during the quarter. It's important to note that the margin itself would have been more than 250 basis points higher in the quarter, that if we excluded incentive compensation and severance expenses, over and above the prior year period. And nonetheless, we like to look at MA's margin typically on a trailing 12 month basis. And for 2019, we did see an increase of 140 basis points from 26.4% to 27.8%. It's worth noting that that 140 basis points increase included a headwind of approximately 40 basis points from the inorganic acquisitions we did in 2019. And so, we really saw a run rate of around 180 basis points or call it approximately 200 basis points or so in 2019. If we step forward to 2020, what we're expecting to see is on a constant dollar organic growth rate increase of around 260 basis points, for the MA fully allocated margins. And that will put us approximately 30 basis points. As a management team, it's also worth noting that that includes around 50 basis points of headwinds from ongoing investment in the business. So not only are we able to grow margin consistently, across the years, we're also able to invest in the business in terms of improving our profile.
Michael Cho: Okay. Great, thank you. That's a great color. I just wanted to pivot slightly around for regulatory data? I saw that you mentioned about $150 million of pro forma revenues looking to double in three years. So, I guess, how fast this regulatory data revenues growing today? And is there something that gives you so much confidence to double that in few years? Thanks.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. So, the combination of RDC and BvD as we talked about its really, we think a very natural fit between two very well established providers in the KYC space. And they have very complimentary offerings. So together, we're going to have an integrated kind of end-to-end solution for customers that's got the people data, the entity data all from one provider. We think that's relatively unique in the market and has the potential to be really ultimately the standard in the KYC space. So, RDC, I think has been growing generally consistent with what you've seen in terms of the market growth. But we think the combination and leveraging the sales capabilities and distribution that we've got at MA and BvD and particularly outside the U.S. as well, are going to give us an opportunity to really support the growth there. The compliance solutions at BvD are the highest growth product segment that we got there. So, we have a good experience in that segment already and we think RDC is just going to further support that.
Michael Cho: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Alex Cram with UBS.
Alex Cram: Hey, good morning everyone. Just wanted to - I know you gave obviously guidance on the rating side and issuance, but maybe just discuss a little bit more what you're seeing right now and how you expect the year to shape out? I guess, what I'm seeing so far this year is pretty good issuance strength and pretty good environment. But when I think about the second-half, you have an election, you have some other uncertainty. So, just wondering, what you're hearing from corporate? Could this be a year of two half's or how are you thinking about the year for now?
Ray McDaniel: I'll let Mark and Rob handle the bulk of this, but I just want to confirm. Yes, we have seen a good issuance environment in January and early February, even with the normal corporate blackouts that we have around this period. We expected, it was going to be good market conditions in the fourth quarter, have continued into the early first quarter. But, as far as we look forward, I'm going to let Mark and Rob tackle that.
Mark Kaye: Alex, again to your question, I think what we'll do here is similar to what we've done in the past. Now, I'll talk a little bit about issuance drivers that we're hearing from some of the banks, and then I'll turn it over to Rob to follow-up with our internal viewpoint. Starting with U.S. investment grade. The banks have seen solid activity to start the year with an expectation that volumes will pick up once more corporate come out of the earnings blackout period. Furthermore, spreads remain tight and the yield curve receptive also encouragingly. There are indications that some of the largest offshore cash holders will be mostly absent from the market in 2018 due to U.S. Tax Reform, are slowly starting to return to the markets. Despite a strong start to 2020 for U.S. Investment Grade issuance, a several factors are driving cautious full year outlooks from the banks. These include a tough comfortable M&A driven issuance, concerns around the economic impact of the coronavirus and potential volatility in the second-half of the year stemming from the U.S. election cycle. Overall, the banks call for U.S. Investment Grade issuance to be flat to down 5%. Similar to U.S. Investment Grade, the bank's outlook for U.S. speculative grade issuance is mixed, while issuance falling for both fixed and floating rate U.S. speculative grade deck has had a strong start to the year. And banks expected overall preference will fix rate issuance to merge over the years driven by ongoing low benchmark rates and tight spreads. Now the banks also indicated that they see refinancing in M&A driven issuance to be lower for U.S. speculative grade, and a high yield bond volume in particular face they're relatively tough comparable to a strong 2019. Additionally, the bank noted broader macro uncertainty in the U.S. elections later in the year, it also weighing on their forecasts. They are calling for U.S. speculative grade issuance to decline in the high single digit percent range in 2020. Now turning to Europe. Feedback from the banks is that the investment grade market they seem similar, but maybe, more accentuated dynamics, compared to the U.S. with tailwinds from the ECBs corporate bond purchases in both benchmark rates. Investment grade dynamics or relative value dynamics in Europe continue to encourage a Reverse Yankee issuing, which comprise more than a quarter of total investment grade issuance in Europe last year. Now, in addition, ongoing political uncertainty concerns around macroeconomic environment and lower expectations of the residual net investment hedge capacity for U.S. issuance, all contributing to relatively conservative 2020 outlook. As a result, the banks are expecting European investment grade volumes decline between 5% and 10% for the year. And then finally, interestingly, now banks expectations with European high yield are slightly more constructive, improved market sentiment around the easing of trade tension, dovish central bank policy, a greater confidence in the speculative grade M&A pipeline are offsetting fears around still weak economic data and the potential impact of the coronavirus. Overall, banks are expecting European speculative grade issuance to be largely flat, with stronger issuance for fixed rate debt or fitting a slight decline in floating rates issuance. And I'll hand it over to Rob to talk on MISs as 2020 issuance expectation.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Okay. So, just to kind of triangulate to what you heard from Mark, in terms of our own issuance outlook and consistent with what we talked about on the earnings call back in the third quarter, we're looking at flattish issuance. That is inclusive of bank loans. And we think that bank loans will be down slightly in 2020. So, our bond issuance outlook, I would say, is up very modestly over prior year. Just kind of comparing and contrasting to what Mark just talked about from the banks, we're also thinking about the potential for that second-half volatility due to the U.S. Presidential elections. And I'd say that, our view on M&A is that it's probably moderated a little bit versus what we were thinking four months ago or so, coming off some very elevated levels over the last couple of years. And we are starting to see that in the forward calendars. So, a little bit lighter M&A, and LBO acquisition financing in the forward calendar. Relative to the banks, actually we're a bit more positive in a few of the asset classes that Mark touched on. U.S. investment grade, I'd say we're a little bit closer to the high end of that flat to down 5% range. And by the high end, I mean, closer to flat. U.S. leverage finance, we think we're actually going to see some growth, modest growth in U.S. high yield after what was a really strong year, obviously, in 2019, that's supported by those tight spreads and what we think is going to be, healthy refi activity. And probably on leverage loans, pretty similar activity to last year. In Europe, again, we're probably at the high end of those investment grade estimates, that Mark talked about coming down to 5% and down 5% to 10%. And I think we're going to see, in leveraged finance, we're expecting to see some healthy growth and high yield, kind of offset with a decline in bank loans and so that, that puts us at probably flattish in terms of European leveraged finance, which is pretty close to I think what the banks are calling for.
Alex Cram: Okay, great. I'll ask a very quick follow-up on the same topic. In Europe, I mean, Europe issuance has been a little bit more anemic than the U.S. I think you said this yourself. And rates have been negative, which should have been favorable. But, I guess, what I'm wondering is, you saw one country Sweden recently get off the negative rates. I mean, has that changed anything in conversations? I guess, I'm hoping for maybe corporate seeing the bottoms are in and now let's go, or is that a little bit too optimistic at this point, any comments?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. As far as the influence of negative rates, obviously, that the intention is that, that is accommodated and encourages economic growth. But, in fact, it seems to me that that actually does represent a drag because of what it does for business confidence. And so, I think, the very attractive borrowing conditions are encouraging, refinancing and they are supportive of opportunistic issuance activity. But they're really not contributors to companies thinking about it being time to invest in property plant and equipment and business expansion. So, I think overall, those largely offset, and that's what's driving the outlook for modest declines for European investment grade and flat for high yield. It ends up being kind of a push, I think, actually.
Operator: The next question will come from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan: Thank you. So, there's a lot of moving pieces in MA next year. I guess, could you help us with what the organic growth rate implied in the guidance is for MA? And also, just with regard to ERS, just given the past four quarters or so benefited from this transition, should we expect continued high levels of growth, or does that start to fade a little bit, now that you have left that?
Rob Fauber: Yes. Tony, hi. This is Rob. So, I think when we think about organically for MA, I think our guidance would have been for organic will be in a low double digit range. So, excluding the impact of M&A, specifically, talking now about ERS, and obviously, we had some very strong growth both in the quarter and for the year. That full year revenue growth was driven by very healthy demand for our credit, assessment and loan origination products as well as our products for the IFRS 17 accounting solutions. And customers have continued to show a preference for purchasing hosted software instead of installed software. And as we've talked about that on some prior calls, that leads to a bit more steady revenue stream overtime and the subscription revenues for us to really kind of the high teens for the year. Excluding the revenue related to some multiyear installed software subscription sales in 2019, the growth rates for ERS would have been in a low double digit range for 2019. And that's probably the zip code of what we would expect for an ongoing run rate in the business, is somewhere in that low double digit basis on an organic basis, and probably around low teens when you include RiskFirst.
Toni Kaplan: That's very helpful. And then just on the free cash flow guidance, maybe a little bit lighter than what we had expected, but net income a little bit higher. So, just wondering, if there's anything impacting the free cash flow conversion in 2020 that's contemplated in the guidance, like anything to call out with regard to working capital or something else.
Mark Kaye: Toni, good afternoon. Maybe a big place for me to start is really just to put things in context, certainly, over the last five years, free cash flows exceeded more than 100% of our net income number. If I look at 2019 and 2020, and I thought it was a 2019 number of approximately $1.6 billion for free cash flow, that looks like a 9% growth rate to the midpoint of our 2020 guidance, which is $1.75 billion. However, there are two adjustments that are definitely worth considering to make it more of a comfortable apples-to-apples viewpoint. Those related capital additions, which were relatively light in 2019, at $69 million, vis-à-vis sort of the normal 100-ish run rate, which we're expecting in 2020. And the second impact relates to incentive compensation. Just a quick reminder here, 2018 incentive compensation is paid usually in the first quarter of the following year. So in this case, the first quarter of 2019 and that amount was $169 million. For 2019, the incentive compensation is paid in the first quarter of 2020, and that amount is $237 million. So, if you adjust the both capital additions and incentive compensation, the underlying growth rates in free cash flow is around the 15%, which is higher than the adjusted EPS growth rate of 11% at the midpoint, and that's something we as a management team feel very comfortable with.
Toni Kaplan: Thank you.
Operator: Next question will come from Andrew Nicholas with William Blair.
Andrew Nicholas: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Even she continues to be a big topic and you've spoken on both those on prior calls about the different things Moody's has done to incorporate ESG into your ratings process, in the business more broadly. I'm wondering as the industry continues to evolve and mature, what you view as the key areas of competitive differentiation between the largest players.
Ray McDaniel: Sure, Rob.
Rob Fauber: Yes, so you're right, just touching on the integration into credit ratings. I think, we're continuing to focus more and more on ESG and climate factors, both with our credit analysis and writing some very extensive research about that in leveraging the Four Twenty Seven and Vigeo Eiris content. So, we think that that presents an opportunity for us to really take a thought leadership position in the credit space around ESG and climate, and really reinforce the relevance of that business. I talked a little bit earlier in that first answer about, how I think we're going to monetize the ESG opportunity through both the issuer space, and through what I'll call kind of that risk channel. Because, if you think about MA, we've got a huge customer base of banks and insurance companies, as well as fixed income investors and commercial and non-commercial property players, who are coming to us and asking us for ESG and climate contents. And as I said, we're able to sell data feeds, we're able to bundle that into stress tests and scenario analysis. We're able to do training around that. We're bundling it into the REIS platform. So, there's a lot of ways I think we're going to be able to monetize that. And I see that banking and insurance customer base as a real competitive advantage for us, right. We have a huge installed customer base there. On the issuer side, as the ESG and climate solutions and these ratings and assessments become more and more important to companies, I think the companies are going to want to engage with companies like us, like we do in the credit rating process where you engage with us and the methodologies are transparent. And so, I think that'll be a real opportunity for us because it leverages the model that we have in engaging with our issuers around the world.
Andrew Nicholas: Great, that's helpful, Thank you. And then, just want to touch quickly on structured finance, I think structured finance revenue declined year-over-year which is a pretty big contrast the results of your largest competitor in the quarter. Is there anything you need to call out there with respect to the fourth quarter, whether it would be from a mix or the market share perspective? Thanks.
Ray McDaniel: Sure, I'll let Rob start with this and see if there's anything else I can add.
Rob Fauber: Yes. So the decline in the fourth quarter structure revenue was due almost entirely to CLO. So let me just touch on CLOs for a second and then a few of the other lines in structured finance. Around CLOs, this was primarily from lower MIS rated CLO volumes. And, we had market deal volumes that were down slightly on a year-over-year basis in the quarter, that continues to trend in the CLO market for the full year of 2019, where we saw total deal volumes by our countdown something like 10%. We're also seeing some headwinds in the CLO market given the wider liability spreads associated with deteriorating lending standards for the underlying collateral, the leverage loans. In terms of coverage, when structured finance investor concerns about risk are lower. We sometimes see less demand for MIS ratings, and that shows up in coverage over time, we're seeing that in certain asset classes that include CLOs in the quarter, given the current credit environment. Moving to a couple of the other asset classes. We saw some growth in U.S. RMBS, that growth in activity was spurred by pretty attractive spreads and the ABS volumes and revenues were essentially flat. U.S. CMBS which is another important line for us in structured, that revenue grew modestly. The deal activity was pretty robust in the quarter, weighted towards those single assets, single borrower deals. And in general, 2019 was a pretty strong year for CMBS activity. But, as I think we've talked about in the past, it's a particularly competitive rating market. Europe, I mostly have been talking about the U.S. and Europe was down a bit, again, CLO is the main driver there.
Ray McDaniel: And I just want to emphasize what Rob was saying, in particular, with respect to the very easy access to the capital markets that increasingly low rated credits have had, and in combination with deterioration in loan covenant quality, it's causing us to think very carefully about what the underlying credit quality of assets going into the CLOs are. And we don't think that this is a point in time or point in the credit cycle, where a more liberal approach is really suited.
Andrew Nicholas: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets.
Jeff Silber: Thank you so much. I know you don't provide specific guidance by quarter. But is there anything to kind of call out from a seasonal perspective? I'm more specifically interested on the margin side to help us model? Thanks.
Ray McDaniel: Mark anything on margin?
Mark Kaye: Jeff, typically there are key elements in the way that I'll think about this is sort of it's called above the line and sort of below the line, because there's a single element I definitely want to touch on in a minute related to tax. But, if I try to think above the line, at least, for 2020 we are expecting a better than expected or higher than expected revenue results, certainly, in the first-half of the year vis-à-vis the same comfortable period last year. And we're expecting slightly lower growth rates vis-à-vis revenue in the second-half of the year, just given the way that 2019 and 2020 are being developed. If I look to items below the line, I think the one item that I've caught here relates to tax. And that's specifically, because the bulk of an excess tax benefits are recognized in the first quarter of every year, is most of the restricted stock base in the first quarter. And we are expecting excess tax benefits and full year 2020 at this point to be around $46 million compared to last year, which were around $44 million. And I think that's something that's we've taken into account, as you think through maybe not margin but EPS seasonality for the year.
Jeff Silber: Okay, great. That's very helpful. And I know you talked a little bit earlier about some of the potential uncertainty going into the presidential election. And I know, it's way too early to call. But anything else from the political environment in terms of some of the proposals that are out there that could impact your business either positively or negatively over the course of the next few years? Thanks.
Ray McDaniel: Yes, certainly, to the extent that some candidates have taken positions that might be less capital market or business friendly. We like most businesses would be impacted by that. I don't really want to comment on any individual proposals or policy suggestions. But, as any business would, we are paying attention to what the different candidates are saying about how they would govern, if they were to be elected. So, I know that's an open ended answer, but it's really a sort of a stay tuned answer.
Jeff Silber: Okay, fair enough. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question will come from George Tong with Goldman Sachs.
George Tong: Alright, thanks. Good morning. You expect global debt issuance volumes to be flat in 2020 coming off of a relatively strong year in 2019. With net issuance growth moderating, what's the risk that pricing comes in softer in MIS, particularly among your high yield and infrequent issuers?
Ray McDaniel: No, I don't see that as being a risk to our outlook, particularly, given the fact that we're looking at strong relationships with investment grade issuers and high yield issuers looking to refinance at opportunistic points in time, are going to be most interested in getting to market. And so, I don't think that our expectations around pricing being softer would be a realistic concern at this point. I would say, that to the extent that issuance declines more than we are anticipating, some pricing relates to issuance, some of it relates to monitoring fees and things of that sort, but some does relate to issuance. And so, we're not immune in the pricing area from a downturn and absolute volumes, just to keep that in mind.
Rob Fauber: The other thing I'd add onto that, that's also why we just keep investing back into the rating business to support the relevance of thought leadership. I mean, that's what you see with Climate and ESG. We've recently started to roll out a portal for our issuer customers, which we've gotten very good feedback about, and all of that is about supporting the value proposition in terms of a relationship.
George Tong: Got it, very helpful. You expect $60 million in gross cost savings in 2020 driven by your restructuring program. How do you expect these cost savings to be split between MIS and MA? And what initiatives do you have to further drive MA margin improvement?
Mark Kaye: Sure. Maybe, I think, the most important point to make here which emphasize here, is that that $60 million run rate savings from the 2019 restructuring program are really what's enabling our 2020 adjusted operating margin improvements, over 100 basis points. And keeping in mind, also, that MA is expected to grow slightly faster than MIS in 2020, which will be high single digits versus mid-single digits. And MA obviously, goes with lower rates, it does naturally limit a little bit of the margin growth over the course of the year. The actual balance of splits between the restructuring charges that we took in 2019, which seen even between real estate, and people-based action. I don't think there was a particular strong line differentiated between two segments. There’s more between actions around individuals last year and real estate, as well as ongoing efficiencies from M&A integration, I mean, that's sort of the way I would think about it, George.
George Tong: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Yes, thank you. I want to start off if I could on the cost side. Mark, what was the incentive compensation in the fourth quarter and for the year? And what I'm trying to get to here is, your cost in the fourth quarter, checking out those onetime items you guys call out in your press release, that’s up $50 million from the first quarter. When you guys reported last time, at the very end of October, you thought it would be up less than $10 million versus the first quarter. I would have thought at that stage you probably had a pretty good sense what you thought incentive comp would be, the results were coming pretty well, literally a pretty good amount of incentive comp in the first three quarters. So, what changed so much that costs were up a $40 plus million versus what you thought the very end of October? That's my first question.
Mark Kaye: Sure. And let me start by providing the numbers, and I'll give a little bit of messaging around them. Incentive compensation for the fourth quarter of 2019 was $73 million and that was the full year total for 2019 to $237 million. Just the relative comparable to 2018 fourth quarter was $29 million and full year he was roughly $169 million. So, if I take those incentive compensation numbers and you look at total operating expenses, on a quarter-by-quarter basis, they were up roughly 7%, vis-à-vis revenue for the quarter, which was up 16%, vis-à-vis adjusted EPS which was up 23%. And so incentive compensation was the primary driver of higher than expected expenses in the fourth quarter. A secondary driver was additional severance cost that we took in the fourth quarter. And if we exclude really those two drivers, we're very much in line with the guidance that we had given in the third quarter.
Craig Huber: How much, Mark, was at extra severance costs? I don't think, I saw that in the press release. It must be immaterial?
Mark Kaye: Additional severance cost that we took was approximately $14 million in the fourth quarter of 2019.
Craig Huber: Okay, thank you for that. And then on the cost, as you think about the cost Mark, for this new year, can you just talk a little bit about the cadence over the course of the year how you think it may ramp up? I know you guys talked about costs for the whole year of low single digits, I believe, as soon as can be obviously down versus this big number you had in the fourth quarter. But, how should this sort of play out over the course of the year, including the acquisition of course? Thank you.
Mark Kaye: Maybe, best place to start here is with expense rent for the year. So we're expecting expense ramp guidance of somewhere between $20 million to $30 million on the first to the fourth quarter of 2020. Now, we are giving guidance for 2020 operating expenses in the low single digit range and this is primarily because merit increases in hiring are benefiting by the actions we took in 2019, through the restructuring program. And the second thing, I'll note is we do expect incentive compensation to return to more of a normalized level in 2020. So, back to that approximately $50 million per quarter. And the last reason I give is that we are incorporating inorganic acquisitions into our cost guidance as part of that expense ramp. I think for example, RDC, that's really what is part of the reason driving that low single digit for year.
Ray McDaniel: And just as a reminder, RDC has not closed yet and so it is not part of the Q1 expense space, yet. So, that will be part of the ramp.
Craig Huber: And then also Ray, if I could just quickly ask you. Your ratings transaction related revenues were up 32%, your main competitor was up 55%. It was interesting to me that your ratings transaction revenues for the fourth quarter were the third highest of the year, lagging the second and third quarter was, your main competitor, he was the largest of the year in the fourth quarter. Other than your comments about structured finance what else can you point us to the variability there? I mean, it's not normal that there's not much outperformance for one of you guys versus the other and stuff. But what happened in the fourth quarter? Thank you.
Ray McDaniel: I think you've got it Craig. I think it is attributable disruption finance, and the fact that the bulk of structured finance revenues are transactional revenues.
Craig Huber: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hi, good morning. Thank you. Most of my questions have been asked, I just have a couple. It looks like the first month of the year was probably the best high yield issuance, at least for the last 20 years. And then on the flip side, the loans is probably the worst that we've seen in the last 20 years. When we see things like that, I know that loans are often a just kind of a substitute. I mean, they are substitutes for each other. But, how does that play out according to your expectation over as you go through the course of the year? Are you expecting them to kind of converge at some point in time when the refi activity places course with the lower interest rates, if you can just kind of comment on that?
Ray McDaniel: I'll let Rob offer some additional color but, I think in a low rate environment like we're seeing and with the yield curve being as flat as it is, we would expect the fixed rate to continue to be preferred. And so, what we're seeing with the strength in high yield bonds versus loans, I would expect to continue through the year. But Rob may have some additional color on that.
Rob Fauber: Not much to add. I think that's right, Ray. And maybe if we also look at fund flows that gives you a sense of investor sentiment. We had a solid year of fund outflows and leverage loans last year. We have seen a few weeks of inflows in January, the high yield side we've seen funding flows for several weeks to start the year again, I think more investor sentiment, kind of shifting as Ray said towards the fixed rate instruments.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. And then this may be for Mark, you talked about some of the underlying growth in margin you expect in MA. Is there some commentary you want to give in terms of how that business is shaping in terms of the mix of business within MA? And how we should think about more of the longer-term year-over-year growth opportunity, given what seems to be a lot of headroom in terms of improving the margins over there?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. Maybe, I'll start just a little bit. I think Mark may have touched on this a bit, where there's a good bid of shift going on in the ERS business, and I think that's an important driver of what's going on is. We're moving from that historical, traditional software licensing model with implementation services to much more of a standardized product, that's typically delivered in a hosted environment. And that means you've got it on the cloud and customers are subscribing to that product. So, what we're seeing from customers is they are interested in that, because it's more efficient and in many cases more cost effective for them, but it is for us as well. So, we're continuing to see that trend in 2019. We think it will continue on into 2020. And that's I think a part of what you're seeing there.
Mark Kaye: And then Shlomo, if I step back and start to think holistically across the two segments, and here I focus maybe my comments a little bit on the adjusted EPS growth of 11% to the midpoint of our range. The majority, I call it, 90% of that is really driven by performance in the underlying segments, either MA and MIS. There is a little bit of supplemental benefit from lower share counts through our share repurchase program, and certainly non-operating income through management of our debt portfolio. But the point I wanted to highlight here is, we are absorbing around $0.21 worth of margin dilution from the ongoing M&A and investment activity in 2020. And I think that's an important part of the story, that we're not only able to meet our expectations and growth through actions, but also able to invest through the cycle and for the business.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Steven Chang: Hi, this is Steven Chang coming on for Joe. I might have missed it somewhere before, but can you please provide some color on the break down between U.S. International revenue. I know you gave numbers around China specifically, but maybe some numbers on a broader level and moving forward, I might have missed it on a press release, but should we no longer expect those numbers in the future?
Ray McDaniel: Yes, sure. Sorry. Go ahead, Mark.
Mark Kaye: Sure. So, in terms of that mix of the U.S. non-U.S. revenue, we're a little bit around 50-50. I mean, it's obviously very different between MIS and MA, but not materially so across periods of time. And we certainly have removed specific U.S. non-U.S. guidance because of several reasons. First is the geographic revenue mix has remained fairly stable over time. And we also noticed that in field is an outlier in providing the geographic revenue guidance. And we really prefer to focus on those metrics that are used most often and most helpful to sell-side analysts and investors. We will continue to report the actual U.S. non-U.S. revenue mix in our Form 10-K and 10-Q. So, you will be able to get it there and as you probably know, very stable over time.
Ray McDaniel: And just if you'd like to get the percentage split for 2019, for MIS, we were 40% international 60% U.S. For Moody's Analytics we were 58% international 42% U.S. And then for the corporation overall it was 47% international, 53% U.S.
Steven Chang: Okay, great. That's helpful. And just one quick one. I know this probably has been answered throughout the whole call, but I'm just looking at the 48 to 49 margin range. I know you talked about a good chunk of it coming from cost savings in the MA business, especially RDC. But I just was wondering if there are any other factors baked into that 100 bps that maybe we should know about? Thank you.
Mark Kaye: I think there are probably - one point, I'll reemphasize and then one point I'll add, certainly the relative growth rates of the segments do make a difference. And then the point, I would add, is that we've also as a management team identified around $13 million of 2020 expense efficiencies that will fund like amount growth initiatives, which include ESG, China, KYC, and some of the enabling technologies. So, not just relying on past actions to support the margin, but ensuring that we are being efficient as a team and to support ongoing investments in the business.
Operator: The next question will come from Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo.
Bill Warmington: Good afternoon, everyone. So, a question for you on the KYC space. Now that you've combined BvD and RDC and you've got about $150 million run rate in a $900 million market. Who's really the competition there now? And with the RDC acquisition, do you have what you need to take share there?
Ray McDaniel: Yes, Rob.
Rob Fauber: Yes. So, the primary players in this space, Refinitiv, LexisNexis, Dun and Bradstreet and there's a whole host of other players in the market. We do think that this gives us a very good offering in the market. As I talked about earlier, it's very, very complementary fit between what RDC has got and what we've got. And we think that's really going to be a good solution for the customers. The other thing I might mention is, they've got a very hard to replicate data set at RDC. And part of the real value in that data set is that it can be used to train these AI models. And the reason that's important is, because those AI powered solutions are going to be able to deliver some significant efficiencies to the customers. There's an enormous amount of spend and manual effort going on at financial institutions and corporations all over the world to comply with KYC. So, we think these AI solutions are going to be a very compelling offering for customers.
Ray McDaniel: And I would just like to add that that spend that Rob is referring to is on top of the $900 million market opportunity that we see. So, there is a direct $900 million market and then there is a very large expense base that goes on top of that for firms that are trying to meet, know-your-customer requirements.
Rob Fauber: Yes, there's the vendor spend in a very large, much larger in-house spend at all these financial institutions that Ray is always talking about.
Ray McDaniel: Just one other thing I'd add. We talked about how complementary these data sets are, which they are, but it's also, we see a very nice fit in terms of where RDCs geographic strength is, which is here in the United States versus Bureau van Dijk which has about 70%, 75% of its customer base coming from Europe. So, the sales functions and the reach that we have for each of these businesses under a Moody's umbrella is now for the first time truly global for these firms.
Bill Warmington: Thank you for that. And for my follow-up, I want to ask an ESG question. And you've given us some good color today on the rating agencies and what you guys are doing specifically, within ESG. I wanted to ask about how you're seeing competition from two other places, one, the index providers, and the second is the data providers who are then going direct to the investment managers?
Rob Fauber: So, the index providers, ESG is very natural space for them, right, because they're able to build a whole suite of indices off of the ESG data and ratings. As I said, we don't have an index business but what we do have is a very large customer base that I talked about in banks, financial institutions and insurance companies. And we're seeing demand there. So, we think we're going to be able to monetize the ESG content a little differently than some of our competitors who are going to be able to monetize it, and are commercializing it very effectively in the index space. Look, data is very, very important. It's kind of the fuel to all of this. But ultimately, we don't think and I tend to think it's not just going to be a data market, I think there will be a need for insights and assessments. And as I talked about, the more important that these - do you want to call them ESG ratings become, the more I think that the customers are going to want to engage with somebody around that rating or assessment. So, that's my sense. So, there will be a real need for data and data feeding investment managers for portfolio screening and selection and all that, but I think there is also going to be a need for insights.
Bill Warmington: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Ray McDaniel for any additional or closing remarks.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. I just want to thank everyone for joining. We will see some of you at our Investor Day, I hope. And, we will be speaking with everyone again in the spring. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes Moody's fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the fourth quarter 2019 earnings section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 p.m. Eastern Time on the Moody's IR website. Thank you.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-30 11:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for question-and-answer following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Shivani Kak: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's third quarter 2019 results as well as our current outlook for full year 2019. I'm Shivani Kak, Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the third quarter of 2019 as well as an update to our current outlook for full year 2019. The earnings press release and the presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Mark Kaye, Moody's Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures mentioned during this call and GAAP. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the SEC's website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statement set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Shivani. Good morning, and thank you everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's third quarter 2019 financial results and provide an update on the execution of our strategy. Mark Kaye will then follow with further details on our third quarter results and comment on our revised outlook for 2019. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. I'd like to start by providing select highlights for the quarter. First, Moody's has achieved substantial revenue growth with Moody's Investors Service attaining its second highest quarterly revenue result ever as well as continued strength in Moody's Analytics which has now delivered double-digit growth in eight of the past nine quarters. Second, the adjusted operating margin of 49.5% was up 190 basis points as compared to the prior year period. Next in light of stronger-than-anticipated top-line growth and disciplined expense management, we're raising our full year adjusted diluted EPS guidance range to $8.05 to $8.20. And finally, since our last earnings call, we continue to execute on our long-term strategy of targeted investment in regional and product expansion opportunities. In addition, I am pleased that Moody's has bolstered its leadership in ESG engagement and disclosure. Moving on to third quarter 2019 results. Robust performance across both business segments resulted in a 15% revenue increase from Moody's overall driven by 16% growth in MIS and 13% growth in MA. Moody's adjusted operating income of $614 million was up 19% from the prior year period and the adjusted operating margin of 49.5% was up 190 basis points. Adjusted diluted EPS grew 27% driven by strong business performance. We continue to enhance our core ratings and analytics businesses, while pursuing strategic growth opportunities both down the corporate credit pyramid and across into new geographies and adjacent product areas. I'd like to take a few minutes to review several key initiatives Moody's has undertaken in the last few months in line with our strategic priorities. I'll speak -- I'll first speak to our enhanced regional presence in China and Latin America. Starting with China we forecast the domestic ratings market to generate industry-wide revenue of approximately $270 million in 2019. And for our joint venture, CCXI to have market share in the low 40s percent range up from the high 30s during 2018. With CCXI we are well-positioned with 30% ownership stake in China's largest domestic rating agency, which has approximately 1,700 rated customers including approximately 40 new public ratings year-to-date.  In addition, earlier this week we announced that we acquired a minority stake in SingTel Green Finance. SingTel obtains data from more than 1,200 publicly listed companies in China to provide environmental data and analytics green bond verification and green finance solutions to Chinese banks, institutional investors, corporate and policy research organizations. The SingTel investment complements our recent acquisitions of majority stakes in Vigeo Eiris and Four Twenty Seven and advances our global commitment to establishing transparent standards for evaluating ESG risks. Moving to Latin America. Last month we launched Moody's Local. Subject to regulatory approvals this new platform will provide domestic ratings and research for financial institutions, corporates, local governments and other sectors in Peru, Panama and Bolivia. From this foundation, we look forward to further expanding our presence in domestic markets across the region. To learn more about Moody's Local, please visit moodyslocal.com. Shifting to our expansion down the credit pyramid and into business adjacencies. In the third quarter, we added new product capabilities to further enhance our portfolio. First, at Bureau van Dijk, we launched Compliance Catalyst 2, an enhanced platform to streamline customer identity analysis, facilitating compliance with know-your-customer, anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and related rules and regulations. Second, earlier this month, we acquired ABS Suite, a software platform used by issuers and trustees to administer and report on asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities programs. This acquisition strengthens MA's leading position in securitized markets, serving issuers dealers and investors with data analytics and operational tools. Third, MIS's public finance rating group use data and analytics from Four Twenty Seven to analyze U.S. local government heat stress exposure and credit risk. This demonstrates our ability to integrate ESG data into credit analysis and research. Finally, our acquisition of RiskFirst, which closed in July, provides MA with the award-winning PFaroe platform, a leading solution for asset managers and pension plan sponsors, supporting more than 3000 plans in more than $1.4 trillion in assets. RiskFirst offers extensive unique data and advanced analytics for management of long-dated assets and liabilities. These new capabilities demonstrate our ability and commitment to enhancing the relevance of Moody's brand to an ever-expending range of analytical disciplines, simulating the growth prospects of our business. Issuance and activity increased after four consecutive quarters of decline and was a key driver of our third quarter operating performance. Central bank actions and falling benchmark rates created issuer friendly market conditions, overcoming continued geopolitical uncertainty and various global growth forecasts. Strong corporate fixed rate bond issuance, driven by opportunistic and M&A-related financing, aided MIS in delivering robust growth in the third quarter. Corporate finance was a significant driver of MIS' year-over-year performance. So I'd like to spend another minute on U.S. investment grade and high-yield bond issuance as well as bank loan issuance in the third quarter. Due to the flattening of the yield curve in the third quarter, fixed income market issuance was strong across all asset classes, relatively lower financing costs drove increases in investment grade and high-yield bond issuance by 45% and more than 100% respectively. Issuance of floating rate loans, which has slightly higher year-over-year financing cost, increased by 21%, reversing a string of year-over-year declines in the prior four quarters. In light of a delayed Brexit, it is important to reiterate that since the U.K. referendum in June 2016, Moody's has taken steps to ensure that we have appropriate operational capacity, both in the EU 27 and the U.K. We have also adjusted our processes to conduct credit rating activities effectively and without interruption, irrespective of the outcome of the Brexit process. In short, we are prepared for the delayed scenario. And in the event of a no-deal Brexit, MIS is ready to carry out operations in the EU 27 and the U.K. I'd like to review a few recent initiatives that underscore our commitment to a sustainable future. First, I am proud to announce that Moody's has published its inaugural Sustainability Accounting Standards Board index on moodys.com/csr, which includes information consistent with SASB's objectives. Second, senior management participated in multiple UN Global Compact events related to ESG during UN General Assembly week. MIS in partnership with Climate Bonds Initiative also hosted a briefing during Climate Week New York City on pace and cost of carbon transition and the financial tools deployed to facilitate it. Third, MIS is hosting an ESG conference in London next week, together with Vigeo Eiris and Four Twenty Seven, where key industry figures will share their insights on important ESG themes and the impact on global credit markets. Finally, Moody's announced Pathway to Prosperity, a collaboration between our affiliate Finagraph and America's Small Business Development Centers. Pathway to Prosperity is a financial empowerment initiative dedicated to helping entrepreneurs overcome the challenges of growing a small business. I'll now turn the call over to Mark Kaye to provide further details on our third quarter performance and our updated outlook for 2019.
Mark Kaye: Thank you, Ray. For MIS, third quarter revenue was up 16% from the prior year period and above the 10% increase in overall debt issuance due to a favorable mix of debt issuers. As Ray mentioned earlier, issuance growth was skewed towards fixed-rate activity, given lower benchmark interest rates. Moreover, results were bolstered by elevated levels of borrowing among infrequent issuers. MIS also benefited from strong U.S. public finance issuance, including increases in refunding supply taxable transactions. Strong business performance resulted in 250 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion in the third quarter. MA achieved an overall revenue growth rate of 13%, reflecting strong contributions from each business. This enabled 80 basis points of improvement in the adjusted operating margin compared to the third quarter of 2018. Organic MA revenue was up 10% from the prior year period. RD&A revenue grew 13% due to strong demand for Bureau van Dijk solutions that address customer identity requirements as well as sales of credit research and ratings data feeds. On an organic basis RD&A delivered double-digit revenue growth of 10%. In ERS revenue grew 16% for the quarter or 13% organically led by strong demand for our new credit assessment and loan origination platform along with products that enable compliance with new accounting standards for banks and insurers. Trailing 12 months ERS revenue was up 5%, while sales were up 10%. As Ray mentioned earlier, MA has now delivered double-digit growth in eight of the last nine quarters. I'd like to highlight the robust performance of ERS thus far this year. The increase in ERS recurring revenue base, which has grown by $160 million since 2015 remains a significant driver of MA revenue. Recurring revenue as a share of the total ERS business was 78% on a trailing 12-month basis through the third quarter. This demonstrates the continuing shift in the ERS business mix. On a trailing 12-month basis as of the third quarter, subscription sales increased 16%, while sales of one-time products and services declined 6%. The strategic shift to expand our subscription business will support ongoing scalability and drive future operating leverage in MA. We remain disciplined in managing expenses to drive strong operating performance. In the third quarter, total operating expenses increased 13% with approximately 10 percentage points related to incentive compensation operating expenses attributable to acquisitions completed within the last year a captive insurance company settlement and an impairment charge related to the planned divestiture of Max. Year-to-date total operating expenses increased 11% with approximately nine percentage points related to the restructuring charge, operating expenses attributable to acquisitions, high accruals for incentive compensation, the captive insurance company settlements and the Max impairment charge. Details regarding the captive insurance company litigation matter were previously disclosed in our Form 10-Q filings and that disclosure will be updated to reflect the settlement in our upcoming Form 10-Q that we plan on filing later this week. I'll now discuss Moody's updated full year 2019 guidance. Moody's outlook for 2019 is based on assumptions about many geopolitical conditions and macroeconomic and capital market factors. These include, but are not limited to interest in foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions and the level of debt capital markets activity. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. Specifically, our forecast for the remainder of 2019 reflects U.S. exchange rates for the British pound of $1.23 and for the euro $1.09. We now anticipate that both Moody's revenue and operating expenses will increase in the high single-digit percent range with operating expense guidance reflecting depreciation and amortization, restructuring charges, captive insurance company settlement and impairment charge related to the planned divestiture of Max and acquisition-related expenses. Of note, we do not expect a significant ramp-up in expenses from the first to the fourth quarter of 2019 as we realize savings from the restructuring program. The full year 2019 operating and adjusted operating margins are forecast to be approximately 42% and 48% respectively. We're targeting net interest expense to be approximately $195 million. The full year effective tax rate is now anticipated to be in the range of 21.5% to 22.5%. Diluted EPS and adjusted diluted EPS are forecast to increase to $7.20 to $7.35 and $8.05 to $8.20 respectively. Share repurchases are anticipated to be approximately $1 billion. For full list of our guidance please refer to table 12 of our earnings release. For MIS, we have revised our full year revenue outlook to be in the mid-single-digit percent range, due to the support of market conditions that Ray spoke about earlier. We anticipate U.S. revenue to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Non-U.S. revenue is now forecast to increase in the low single-digit percent range. Our estimate for 2019 debt issuance is approximately flat when compared to 2018. We forecast stronger activity from fixed-rate corporate bonds in the public sector as well as continued support from debt funded M&A. We expect lower conditions from floating rate bank loans and CLOs and assume ongoing low benchmark rates and accommodative monetary policy. Our estimate to achieve approximately 900 first-time mandates in 2019 remains on track. The MIS adjusted operating margin expectation is still approximately 58% for 2019. For MA, we anticipate total revenue to increase in the low double-digit percent range given strong sales growth across all business lines bolstered by stable recurring revenue. We continue to expect the MA adjusted operating margin to expand 150 to 250 basis points to the 28% to 29% range in 2019. Full year 2019 guidance reflects the aggregate impact of announced acquisitions as well as the planned divestiture of Max. Before turning the call back over to Ray I would like to emphasize a few key takeaways from the quarter. Moody's core business continues to grow. As noted earlier, we are actively pursuing innovation and extension into business adjacencies in regional geographies. These efforts reflect our ability and commitment to enhance the relevance and growth prospects of both MIS and MA. Last, we are pleased to raise adjusted diluted EPS guidance, due to stronger-than-anticipated revenue growth, and disciplined expense management. I will now turn the call back over to Ray, for his final remarks.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks Mark. Before turning to Q&A, I'd like to take a few minutes to introduce the incoming presence of Moody's Analytics and Moody's Investors Service. Effective November 1 Steve Tulenko will assume the role of President of Moody's Analytics. Steve joined Moody's in 1990. And he is currently the Executive Director of ERS, a role he has held since 2013. He previously led sales, customer service and marketing for M&A. Prior to the formation of MA, he held various sales, product development, and product strategy roles at MIS. Steve comes to this role with deep leadership experience and domain expertise. Also effective November 1, with Rob Fauber assuming the role of Chief Operating Officer, Mike West will succeed Rob as President of Moody's Investors Service. Mike joined Moody's in 1998. And he is currently the Head of MIS, Ratings & Research. Previously Mike served as both the Head of Global Corporate, and of Structured Finance. Earlier in his career, he was responsible for the research strategy for the Ratings businesses and before that, led Corporate Finance, for the European Middle East Africa region. European Corporates in the EMEA leveraged finance business. Mike's extensive leadership experience in MIS makes him ideally suited to lead the ratings business. I would like to congratulate Steve and Mark on their new -- Steve and Mike on their new roles. I'm confident that with Rob Fauber in his new role, as Chief Operating Officer. We are positioned to continue strengthening Moody's ability to offer trusted insights and standards. And thereby support informed decisions that promote progress, through clarity, knowledge, and fairness. Listed on this slide are the conferences that we expect to attend in the next two months in New York City, Boston and San Francisco. Investors will be able to meet Steve Tulenko at the Barclays Global TMT Conference in mid-December. Please contact your bank representative to request a meeting with Moody's management at these events. Finally, I'd like to remind everyone that Moody's will be hosting its next Investor Day, on March 11 2020 in New York City. The event, which will be webcast live, will feature presentations from management and showcase important aspects of the company's business. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining Mark Kaye and me, for the question-and-answer session are Mark Almeida and Rob Fauber. We'd be pleased to take your questions, Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Cho with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Cho: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question I appreciate the update the 2019 debt issuance. I was hoping you can provide some commentary on your 2020 outlook as well? And maybe some of the assumptions, you're baking in there today?
Ray McDaniel: Sure. We'd be happy to offer some preliminary comments. I'll turn to Rob, for issuance commentary.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. So for 2020, like we were -- like we talked about and we were asked the same question a year ago, in October. We like to get to the end of the year, so we can see where the current year issuance ends up. And then be able to triangulate both our own bottoms-up build. And forecast with what we're seeing from The Street, in terms of their forecast. So, that said, as really for the last two years we see both tailwinds and headwinds to issuance. We got low -- very low benchmark rates obviously, but amidst a weaker global macro backdrop. And that leads us to kind of think that issuance, could be at roughly similar levels in 2020 as to what we've seen this year. But I'd also say, as we've seen in recent years, the mix of issuance, is also quite important to our overall revenues. And we may be able to see our way towards mid-single-digit growth in issuance next year, if we see a few things, heading into the end of this year and into next year. And that includes the escalation of the U.S. China trade tensions that I think would remove a key threat to global growth. A slightly more settled picture in Europe and that includes resolution of the Brexit uncertainty. And an improvement in growth sentiments, amidst what is clearly some accommodative monetary policy. And also the potential for more pull forward from the existing maturity walls. So we're going to be looking to see whether this gets us more comfortable with growth particularly, in the corporate market. And of course, the downside risks around global recession end of cycle concerns any kind of risk of sentiment or widening of spreads, could provide some headwinds. So, we'll provide a more fulsome view on our next earnings call. But that's kind of a -- out of saddle reaction.
Michael Cho: Okay. Great. Thanks. That's great color. Just wanted to follow-up Ray, I mean you highlighted some of the progress that you made in recent months and recent years on Moody's key initiatives along the strategic priorities. I guess if, I just take a step back and topline trends certainly seems to be favorable in the near term does that change your posture when thinking about categories as well as priorities of organic reinvestments in M&A?
Ray McDaniel: No. It really doesn't. Our strategy is built with a long-term view. The initiatives that we have been pursuing are tightly aligned with that strategy. And so -- while we're enjoying favorable market conditions now the investment is really looking into the longer-term future, whether it's organic or the inorganic opportunities we've seen. So, it's very much stay the course approach.
Michael Cho: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Manav Patnaik from Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you very much. So my first question maybe you could just ask on Moody's Analytics, the double-digit growth has been pretty consistent as you pointed out. Is there any reason that that 10% organic number is not sustainable looking out into the future?
Mark Almeida: Manav, it's Mark thanks for the question. I would say that, we feel very good about the performance of the business and we're bullish on the business. I would say over short periods of time, you do need to be aware of some of the quarterly patterns we're seeing in ERS revenues. If you go back and look at ERS revenue going back to the beginning of 2018, when the new accounting standard was introduced, you actually see some pretty interesting behavior. The ASC 606 is more sensitive to product mix than frankly we anticipated when that standard was introduced. And so, you see some ups and downs in the ERS growth from quarter-to-quarter under 606. So again I think in the -- over the long run, we feel very good about the outlook for MA and its status as a double-digit growth business. But in the short run I think you're going to see a little bit of noise from that accounting standard.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. Okay. And Ray, if I could just ask on China I mean that slide you put up I mean the -- I guess what you did in Latin America by putting the Moody's brand on the local side like is that ultimately the plan for China?
Ray McDaniel: Right now as far as we're concerned the investment in CCXI is the most favorable approach for us in domestic China. And CCXI has a very well-known brand in China. I would also emphasize that the Chinese character of the joint venture, I think is an important element of our investment there. And so I would anticipate using the CCXI brand for the foreseeable future whether we retain our current stake or change the level of our investment.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Toni Kaplan: Ray, just hoping you could talk a little bit about the puts and takes of the guidance change. You had a solid quarter, this quarter but only raised the guidance sort of modestly. Was that because of the higher tax rate or is there anything else that you'd call out in terms of what you're expecting for the fourth quarter?
Ray McDaniel: Well there are number of puts and takes as you might imagine. But I'll turn this over to Mark Kaye for some color commentary.
Mark Kaye: I think there are really two that we want to keep in here -- in mind here Toni. First is FX. We are incurring roughly a $0.04 headwind from our FX assumption as of the end of September visited the comparable period last year. The delay in Max is probably worth another $0.01 or so. And then as we look at results emerge or early indications of results emerging in the month of October, we feel probably more comfortable saying that we're in that upper probably 1/3 of the guidance range, where we anticipate completing the year.
Toni Kaplan: Yes. It's great. And then just given some of the political debates going on right now and the rating agencies back in the news about the business model, any comments on the overall regulatory environment? And how you're thinking about any potential change in market structure or would you expect sort of the regular business as usual?
Ray McDaniel: Well, I think it's important to remember that over the last decade the business model for the ratings industry has been examined very closely. And it's been looked at by regulatory authorities in multiple jurisdictions. And certainly scrutinized by the SEC. And in that context, the conclusion that the existing business model was the best for all market participants. And that the emphasis should be on transparency and compliance with regulation and inspection and review to assure that that compliance occurs was really determined to be the best outcome for all market participants. I have -- those of you who've been on this call in past years, I have always acknowledged that there are conflicts of interest inherent with the business model as there are with many, many business models in different industries. The conflicts of interest have to be managed, that's why we have public disclosure of our methodologies which market participants can review. They can see whether they agree or disagree with our analytical approach. And they can see whether we're adhering to the analytical approach that we have published. So, the business model allows for us to engage in a very important public good, which is the free simultaneous release of credit ratings to all market participants big or small. There is no other model that allows for that. And so, we emphasize the managing of the conflict of interest that is inherent in the business and the public good that comes from that. Unless we can find someone, who really doesn't care about our conclusions or our research or our analysis and still wants to write us a check, we're not going to be able to find a business model that doesn't have some conflicts.
Toni Kaplan: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Nicholas with William Blair. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Nicholas: Hi. Good morning. I guess I just want to start with SingTel green finance acquisition you announced this week. Just curious if you could talk a little bit more about that. And maybe more broadly if you could kind of frame where demand for ESG is in China relative to where you see it in Europe and in the U.S.?
Ray McDaniel: Yeah. Rob has been closest to this. So, I'm going to invite him to make a couple of remarks.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. So, it's a small minority investment. It's really at the intersection of our efforts in both China and ESG. China is the second largest green bond market globally, after the U.S. It's over $40 billion of issuance last year. And the government there recently announced some new requirements for publicly listed companies to make disclosures around ESG risks starting in 2020. So, SingTel is a provider of ESG and green finance data and analytics. They're normally based in China, but they're focused on China. They collect currently data on over 1,200 listed Chinese companies and that number is growing. They were in fact the first Chinese signatory of the UN's principles for responsible investment. So, this investment I think is going to help SingTel accelerate its coverage and adoption in the Chinese market and its ability to serve Chinese market participants. And it's also going to enhance Moody's global ESG offerings. It is going to give us access to what we think is going to be some pretty valuable and rich Chinese content sets around ESG. We see the green finance market as an important one in China. As I said, it's a clear policy focus. The data and analytics market serving that is in its infancy. So we're pretty excited about getting into this market in the kind of nascent stages with a -- what we think is a prominent Chinese player much like we did with CCXI years ago in the rating business.
Andrew Nicholas: Great. Thank you. That's helpful color. And then, just a couple of housekeeping items. First, do you have an update on when you expect the Max sale to close? And then second, I was hoping you could size the one-time license delivery in ERS in the quarter?
Ray McDaniel: With respect to Max, I think we would anticipate it closing in the first half of November.
Mark Kaye: As relates to the license delivery in ERS, we don't specifically break out that. I wouldn't say it is material enough to influence the directional guidance the numbers that we provided.
Andrew Nicholas: Perfect, and thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bill Warmington: Good afternoon, everyone. So a question for you on Moody's Local, Peru, Panama and Bolivia. just wanted to know if you could share with us how much revenue is coming out of Latin America currently? And whether the thought here is to -- an ability to accelerate the revenue growth there? And maybe talk a little bit about what's behind the timing?
Ray McDaniel: Sure. Go ahead Rob.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Bill, it's Rob. And one thing I -- distinction I wanted to draw between what we've done with Moody's Local and the earlier question with CCXI and the branding. These are wholly-owned subsidiaries that we have in Latin America. So, we've decided to take a bit of a new approach in the region around the domestic bond markets, because -- and it's interesting you look at the overall rating opportunity in Latin America, a meaningful part of that is coming from the domestic bond markets. So we rebranded as Moody's Local and the focus is going to be providing as the name says, local ratings in local language to meet specific local needs. And we think that is going to help us better capture this domestic rating revenue opportunity across the region. I would say, the Moody's Local platform itself in terms of revenues is quite small. The Latin America -- the overall Latin America for MIS is actually a fairly small part of the overall total of our revenues. But the first step here was the repositioning of the equilibrium businesses. And I think you're going to see us continue to expand on that platform in the coming 12 to 24 months to best serve that market.
Bill Warmington: And then on -- for my follow-up I wanted to check in on Reis, just ask about new products that have been introduced and also ask if you're seeing some success going after the U.S. bank market?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. Reis is performing very much as we expected. But I'll just remind you that we recognized when we acquired Reis that that was a business that did require some work and some effort particularly around product strategy. We've done a tremendous amount of work there. We feel like we are moving forward nicely. One of the things we're very excited about in Reis is that, as we're spending more time with more customers in the commercial real estate space, it's very clear that there is a lot of demand for better data solutions and more advanced analytical tools. And that's exactly why we bought Reis because we thought that they provided the data foundation to which we could apply our analytical skills and really upgrade the practice of risk management in commercial real estate. So it's moving very much as we expected. We remain bullish and excited about the business. We think there's a big opportunity there. But frankly there's a lot of work for us yet to do there. We've accomplished a lot but still there's a lot on our to-do list.
Bill Warmington: Yes. So I just wanted to say to Steve, Rob and Mike, congratulations on the promotions. And to Mark Almeida, congratulations on a great run and happy trails. Thank you.
Ray McDaniel: Thank you, sir. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christian Bolu with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Christian Bolu: Good morning. Maybe on ESG. You spoke a lot about efforts around ESG. Help us understand kind of how in aggregate your target offering compares to your main competitor? Maybe also speak to kind of how you plan to sort of monetize these efforts over time? And then any sort of color around how you think the revenue opportunity evolves over the next two to three years?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. Let me start and then I'll see if my colleagues want to add anything. When we're looking at the ESG space. First of all were looking at a much more fragmented market than some of the core markets that we operate in. So there are large number of competitors. There are not a lot of established standards. There is a move towards standards that I think is going to be helpful for the ESG sector. And looking at ESG, I think it's very important obviously, to separate out the E from the S from the G. We have made efforts, particularly in the environmental area. Although, Vigeo Eiris in particular, provide some broader ESG assessment rather than just environmental. But SingTel and Four Twenty Seven are more in the environmental sector. And also support other work that we're doing and other products that we're developing whether it's in Moody's Analytics or Moody's Investors Service. So you can see that Four Twenty Seven for example, aligns very nicely with some of our commercial real estate efforts both in the Rating agency and in Moody's Analytics. I would also point out just to temper expectations that we are looking at markets that in some ways are just beginning to monetize. And what those addressable markets will ultimately become has fair amount of uncertainty around it. Nonetheless, and one of the reasons why we're bullish about this is that, regardless of how each sector in the ESG space might evolve. We think there is a relevance to the other work we do in our core businesses so that the investments will not be stranded no matter what.
Rob Fauber: Exactly. Maybe just to build on that a little bit that's exactly right, Ray. In some ways this is a good investment as R&D into the rating agency and we've rolled out some new tools, corporate governance and carbon transition assessment tools that are topic and sector-specific. And when we think that meets the needs of fixed income investors. And then, I think Ray is right. I mean we're going to be monetizing this both through the businesses that we've acquired, but also through the integration of the data and the analytics in products in services in both MA and MIS. Maybe just to spotlight a little bit. And there's also the growth of what I think I'll call the labeled bond market started as the green bond market, but really has gone beyond that into -- more broadly into sustainability. And that market has been growing quite rapidly. So label bond volumes are going to hit something like $280 billion of issuance this year. Something like $220 billion, $230 billion of that is in green bonds and another $40 billion to $50 billion is in social and sustainability. So that's an emerging area. And then you've got sustainability in green-linked loans. And that's probably something like another $70 billion. So you can see your way to about $350 billion of this labeled bond issuance. And there are few drivers for that you've got investor demand for ESG compliant securities. You've got the market focus on climate risk and you've got issuers also wanting to demonstrate their own sustainability credentials. So we think we're really well placed in this market with the Vigeo Eiris acquisition, because that's given us a leadership position in the label bond space that we're going to continue to build on. Just to give you a sense through the first three quarters of this year, we signed a little over a 100 second-party opinion mandates Vigeo Eiris did 53 all of last year. In this past quarter, we actually -- Vigeo Eiris actually issued a second-party opinion on the first gender bond in Latin America. And that's going to finance winter-led SMEs in Panama. So in general, we're pretty excited about the opportunity in front of us. To leverage all of this I think we should see some growth. But as Ray said, it's fragmented and we're going to have to see how the market evolves over the next one, two, three years.
Christian Bolu: Great. Thanks for the very comprehensive answers. And then maybe just a quick follow-up on earlier question on China. I believe there's a recent article in Bloomberg suggesting Moody's having an issue with Chinese government in terms of recent stake in CCXI. So not sure how accurate that is, but it would be great to get a sort of comment around the relationship with the Chinese government plans for CCXI? And any updated thoughts around going fully on the JV versus going stand-alone like your peers?
Raymond McDaniel: Well the relationship with Chinese authorities for us is really with regulatory authorities more so than the policymakers in other areas of the government. And that relationship with the regulatory authorities has always been constructive and continues to be. I think we're able to have good dialogue at both the staff level and at the leadership level at the major regulatory institutions. And are able to be pretty candid in sharing our thoughts and views and hearing their thoughts and views. That being said, I think it's difficult to completely separate the relationship with the authorities from what's going on at a geopolitical level. And so we're behaving conservatively in terms of how we are thinking about the pace and the nature of the opportunity in China. We remain committed to CCXI. We remain committed to providing ratings and research services and Moody's Analytics products in the cross-border markets into large financial institutions in China and we'll continue to do so. And we're very satisfied with our stake in CCXI. It's a good business and we're proud to be there.
Christian Bolu: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Joseph Foresi: Hi. My first question is just on margins. How do you think about the margin profile heading into 2020? Can you remind us of some of the drivers? And I know in the past we've talked about the analytics business is potentially continuing to move their margins up. Maybe we can get an update there?
Mark Kaye: I'll start with the broader view for MCOs and I'm going to ask Mark Almeida to talk about MA specifically. As we sort of think about margins both for the third quarter and year-to-date, there's really two items that are worth keeping in mind. First is margin expansion in the third quarter would have been 260 basis points on an organic basis. The inorganic acquisitions and ongoing investments that we've made in year-to-date and obviously in the third quarter. It really impacts the margin negatively by around 70 bps. The second thing I'd keep in mind is sort of FX movements across time periods they tend to swing margins in different directions depending on the rates and the underlying movements themselves. As I try to think forward, margins are principally driven by underlying growth in the business itself. And that's really been the primary driver of the performance this quarter and certainly is our expectation to be the primary driver of performance in the -- in future periods. And then lastly, we do have the opportunity not necessarily through margins, but through ongoing capital management activities to use the tools that we have to drive our EPS growth and accretion. You've certainly seen us take some of those steps with the management of our debt and interest rate portfolio in the first three quarters of 2019.
Ray McDaniel: So, in MA, I would just make a couple of notes. We continue to deliver consistent and gradual margin expansion in MA. With this latest quarter, we've now delivered nine consecutive quarters of margin expansion both on a trailing 12 months and on a year-on-year basis. And over that period of nine quarters, we've taken the margin up by more than 500 basis points. So, we're very happy with what we've done there. We're doing it in a number of different ways. We're -- certainly as MA grows, we're seeing operating leverage come through. Also we are realizing the positive margin impact from ongoing adjustments we're making in our product portfolio. And third we continue to execute on operational improvements across the business. We think we're disciplined business people and we would expect to continue to apply rigor to our oversight of the operation. So, we see a number of things contributing to margin expansion and we're going to continue to be working at all of them.
Joseph Foresi: Okay. And then my second follow-up is just on China. What's your liability in that region to the -- I guess the joint ventures in the subsidiaries? Are they separate entities? And then my second part of that question is how do you view your risk from a ratings perspective versus the rest of the world? Thanks.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. I mean CCXI is a separate company. We are a 30% investor. So, obviously, a minority shareholder in CCXI. We don't have management control. We are not directing the ratings that is being done on the ground by employees at CCXI who are not Moody's employees. So, in that respect you should think of us as a financial investor in the entity. We're obviously happy to provide assistance where it's appropriate to do so. But that's not in the form of controlling ratings or research for the entity. They have done well in the domestic market in terms of their performance, as we all know the ratings of the domestic market -- rating agencies in China are generally higher than what you would see from the international rating agencies providing ratings on a global scale. But in that context what I would emphasize is the importance of correctly force ranking the credits that are receiving ratings. So, the lower end of the rating spectrum has the higher default risk entities and the upper end has the lower default risk entities almost regardless of the absolute levels that those ratings are assigned. So, I think that's what we look for, at least, in the early stages of the development of that domestic market to see that domestic rating industry is doing a good job of that forced ranking.
Joseph Foresi: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Craig Huber: Thank you. Two quick housekeeping questions. First, Mark what was the incentive comp in the quarter? What was it a year ago? And then also did I hear you correctly say you thought that costs for the fourth quarter would likely be similar to the first quarter level? I have a follow-up.
Mark Kaye: Thanks Craig. Incentive compensation for the third quarter of 2019 was $65 million. The comparable number for the third quarter of 2018 was $43 million. From an expense ramp perspective, from the first to the fourth quarter of 2019, we're expecting less than $10 million. And we do expect that obviously fourth quarter expenses to be below both the second and third quarter level as we start to realize savings from the restructuring program and other cost control initiatives.
Craig Huber: Okay. Then Ray I wanted to ask you your updated thoughts on the debt issuance environment right now when you sort of think about the credit spreads in the U.S. and Europe if you think about your outlook for default rates the economic outlook? And then how you sort of -- what you sort of sense now in the debt issuance environment?
Ray McDaniel: Rob offered I think some very good thoughts on this earlier in the call. But what we're seeing obviously is an accommodative environment for debt issuance. There are limits to the positive attributes of low interest rates, especially as we look outside the United States where negative interest rates are increasingly important feature of the debt markets. And I would observe that the reason for negative interest rates is I would actually characterize negative interest rates as a headwind as opposed to a tailwind, because it's a policy and market response to expectations for very low or negative growth. And so -- while low interest rates are positive, this trend to ultra-low rates and negative rates, I think, we would have to count -- I would at least count it as a headwind. That being said, the default rate is low. It continues -- average, even though it's going to uptick in our view in 2020. It's still going to be, if our forecast is correct, conducive of good market activity. What will be very interesting to see in 2020 is whether this favorable mix in debt issuance that we've seen in 2019 continues. Obviously, the infrequent issuers acting opportunistically have been a characteristic of the 2019 debt market profile. And we will be very interested observers as to whether that mix that we've seen this year continues in 2020 or shifts to more frequent issuers, less opportunistic refinancing, et cetera.
Craig Huber: And then, my last question, Ray, if I could ask. Your guidance for the year -- the updated guidance adjusted EPS of $8.05 to $8.20. I mean, historically you guys are typically conservative with your outlook. It seems to me like that might be the case here again in the remaining part of this year. I'm just wondering what you're sensing? What's in your budget here to make the top of the range only $8.20, because, I mean, just look at the math you've done $6.29 of adjusted EPS through nine months and as far as $1.90 $1.91 of EPS in the fourth quarter. Decently below what you had each of the first three quarters, are you basically forecasting transaction revenues, for example, in your ratings area to be down versus what you had, let's say, the two middle quarters fairly meaningful?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. I mean, there are a number of puts and takes to this as you would expect. And Mark Kaye offered some commentary earlier about the impact of FX, the divestiture of Max. And I would add to that, that we're hopeful and expect that we're going to have a solid quarter for the fourth quarter. The early numbers on October are encouraging. And as Mark said, those early numbers, although they are preliminary, are leaning us more to the upper end of that $8.05 to $8.20 range. If we're looking for what could go wrong as opposed to what could go right, I would have to say that if we saw a pull forward into the September-October period from what would've come in November and December, we may not see as much strength as people are anticipating for closing out the year. So the amount of opportunistic financing that goes on in these last couple of months is obviously an important factor. So I'll leave it at that unless Mark Kaye wants to add anymore. And so…
Craig Huber: What about the positive case to that though on top of the negative intentionally? But what's the positive case of that where things could come in better than this top of your range here?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. No, I mean, it certainly could. We can continue to have strength in the form of opportunistic refinancing, especially by infrequent issuers that would be very beneficial for the business. The timing of some of the product sales on the Moody's Analytics side can be influential and could help the fourth quarter. Maybe, Rob wants to offer a couple of comments on what the pipeline looks like. That might be helpful.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Sure, Ray. So in the U.S., I'd say, that in the investment-grade market we're still seeing pretty strong investor appetite. You saw earlier this week a mid-sized acquisition finance deal get done that was heavily oversubscribed. So that's good to see. My sense is, we're going to have active weeks heading into Thanksgiving here in the United States. I'd say the same for investment grade in Europe, pretty strong pipeline. We've got U.S. issuers also looking to tap the euro market, given where rates are there. For leveraged finance, really both in the U.S. and Europe, we've seen some bifurcation of market sentiments. So you've got very strong demand for the larger more well-known spec grade issuers in that Ba category. And you can see that with the Ba index at record lows in terms of yield. We saw a recent print in Europe for a Ba2 name, it was the lowest coupon ever in the high-yield space. So, in general, I'd expect issuance to continue in November and early December. Ray talked about the pull forward. There's also the potential, I guess, that some deals in the pipeline could slide into Q1. Just given the expectation for accommodative conditions to continue well into next year. So the other thing I would mention is that in the U.S. public finance market, which is -- we saw very good issuance this quarter that continues to be active. And we're seeing this trend of taxable refunding because you've got very low funding costs and that means the economics are favoring the refunding of tax exempt debt with taxable debt. So if we see that keep up that could provide maybe some upside to our outlook.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
George Tong: Hi, thanks good morning. Global issuance volume is on track to be flat this year. And you mentioned that volumes next year could be flat to possibly up mid-single digits. Can you comment on how the pricing environment and rating should change depending on issuance growth, and if you've seen improving pricing power especially among infrequent issuers?
Ray McDaniel: No, I think that the impact of pricing – well, first of all when we talked about three points of contribution from price that's assuming a static debt market profile both in terms of the issuance volumes and the mix of frequent and infrequent issuers. So when we see growth, for example, in infrequent issuers we get more benefit because they are being priced on a transactional basis as opposed to on a long-term basis. And that's why the pricing even though we can talk about pricing at a relatively -- in a relatively simple way, it's impacted potentially materially up or down by both issuance and by mix because some of the pricing does relate to bonds actually being issued. And so if they're not, there's no price impact. So I don't see any change in course around that in 2020. And we'll have to watch carefully to see what the insurance levels and mix are and the impact on price from that.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. The other thing I'd add just to clarify, I think our initial thinking where we sit now is more around flattish for next year. And when I commented on mid-single-digit it was -- what would you have to believe to be able to get there.
George Tong: Got it. That's helpful. On margins you've previously indicated that long-term EBITDA margin should be in the high 40s. Your margins are already in that range currently, so do you have a view that margins can go above 50% longer term or are there factors that could prevent that?
Ray McDaniel: I think the biggest factor that would prevent that would be the relatively higher growth rate year-on-year coming out of Moody's Analytics. And Moody's Analytics well, obviously, it's been consistently expanding margins over the last few years. It's still a lower margin business than the credit rating agency. So its accelerated growth should act to keep margins from expanding too aggressively.
George Tong: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Henry Chien with BMO. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Henry Chien: Hey, thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask a follow-up on the opportunity related to China. I know there's the investment in CCXI. I was curious to hear any updated thoughts on the outlook for the offshore bond market? And whether that's I guess looking to be as sizable as an opportunity as somewhat exciting.
Ray McDaniel: Yeah. I mean we have a very robust business in the cross-border bond market coming out of China. Not surprisingly this is with China's largest corporate and financial institutions for the most part including both private and state-owned enterprises. We continue to get new rating mandates coming from China that has been a steady stream. And just to try and balance that commentary a little. If China is going to have some relative sluggishness in its economic growth and I emphasize relative because it's pretty good by global standards obviously. That may slow at least cyclically some of the cross-border activity coming out of China both for new rating mandates and for entities that are already rated and thinking about whether they want to raise additional debt. So we'll just have to watch that and see. Obviously having the trade negotiations completed in some kind of a positive way would be helpful to the global economy. It would also be helpful to the Chinese economy. And as a result, I think helpful to our cross-border business.
Henry Chien: Yeah, okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: And now we' take our last question from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. Please go ahead your line is open.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hi, thank you for squeezing me in. Just a couple of housekeeping items I want to ask Mark, just to kind of start. I saw the guidance for repos has tweaked down a little bit just from the range from 1.3 to -- 1 to 1.3 down to 1. Is there any reason you could point to for that? Has there been more deployed on acquisitions or anything in terms of why that would come down. The cash flow is really good from the company and the numbers are better than expected.
Mark Kaye: Shlomo, thanks for the question. Our capital allocation priorities haven't changed. I think this is a reflection of consistency in the way that we manage our cash repatriation efforts as well as an evaluation of our global cash needs. Let's make the point that we do expect the $300 million differential to be incremental for 2020 and we'll finalize the exact amount later this year when we give that guidance.
Shlomo Rosenbaum : Okay. And just -- also from Mark, just want to talk about these negative interest rates what are the opportunities for Moody's as a company to tap into those negative interest rates and get paid to hold someone else's money?
Mark Kaye: Sure. I'd definitely think negative interest rates from a individual treasure perspective, provide an interesting opportunity to manage one's own debt portfolio. We have seen a lot of reverse Yankee issuance taking place certainly earlier this year. So you can see treasurers actively engaged in that market. And then, of course, being able to bring it back to the U.S. to deploy potentially higher-yielding opportunities. It is something we look at. Maybe to pivot again back to the way that we think about capital management here, really first and foremost they're investing in growth opportunities as Ray mentioned reinvestment acquisitions. And then to the extent that we don't have additional opportunities for growth. Either they don't meet our strategic objectives or which don't meet our financial hurdles to return that capital back to shareholders either through dividends or through share repurchase. It's not just a matter of raising capital, it's making sure we have good use for that capital.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. If you don't mind can I squeeze in one more for Ray? Just for perspective Ray. If there was no incremental growth in some of the China initiatives you're talking about or in any of the ESG initiatives that you're talking about. There is no incremental growth from today over the next three years. Would there be any material change in outlook for this company in terms of performance?
Ray McDaniel: You mean financial growth?
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Yeah. I mean, just if you guys did not -- if everything stayed the same in those two things realistically, is this company's growth rate going to change very much in the next several years?
Ray McDaniel: With respect to the ESG space, I don't think it is going to be large enough over a three-year period that in and of itself it's going to turn the dial for the organization. I think it's going to enhance the relevance of a number of our products and our credit ratings and research and analysis. But even if there is good robust growth in these sectors that have not yet really monetized themselves. I think that's going to be a longer-term process in terms of actually turning the dial for Moody's Corporation as a whole.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. And that's the same thing for China and any of the initiatives there?
Ray McDaniel: China, I guess, would be a little more of a wildcard. Certainly, the domestic bond market in China is large and the demand for analytical products and solutions that come out of Moody's Analytics that come out of -- increasingly come out of Moody's Investors Service is there. So it's really a question of how we're participating. And keeping in mind that fully participating in that market is participating in the domestic market for domestic investors. The domestic market for international investors looking to put capital to work in China and the true cross-border market. And we're focused on all three, the domestic market through CCXI and the other markets on our own.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back to Mr. Ray McDaniel for any additional and closing remarks.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. First of all, I want to thank everyone for joining. And secondly, I want to thank Mark Almeida for many decades of very skillful service on behalf of Moody's. I thank Mark for myself personally for the leadership team really for the organization as a whole. He has been a tremendous executive for us, has kept in the growth of Moody's Analytics for the last 12 plus years -- service before that. And has just consistently provided outstanding work as an executive and he's been a great friend. So, thank you very much Mark. And we appreciate your help with this transition and the best to you going forward.
Mark Almeida: Thank you, Ray.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. Thanks everyone for joining. We'll talk to you again in the New Year.
Operator: This concludes Moody's third quarter 2019 earnings call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the third quarter 2019 earnings section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay of this call will be available after 2:30 p.m. Eastern Time on Moody's IR website. Thank you.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-31 11:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the Moody's Corporation Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations and Strategic Capital Management. Please go ahead.
Sallilyn Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's second quarter 2019 results as well as our current outlook for full-year 2019. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations and Strategic Capital Management. This morning, Moody's released its results for the second quarter 2019 as well as an update to our current outlook for full-year 2019. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Mark Kaye, Moody's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we also will be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures mentioned during this call and GAAP. Before we begin, I call your attention to the safe harbor language, which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, and in other SEC filings made by the Company, which are available on our website and on the SEC's website. These, together with the safe harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media maybe on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond McDaniel: Thanks, Salli. Good morning, and thank you everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's second quarter 2019 financial results and providing an update on the execution of our strategy. Mark Kaye will then follow with further details on our second quarter results and comments on our revised outlook for 2019. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. I'd like to start by providing select highlights for quarter. First, Moody's second quarter performance reflected continued double-digit growth in Moody's Analytics with strong contributions from all lines of business. Recurring revenue in MA represented 84% of total MA revenue for the trailing 12 months ended June 30, 2019. Second, excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, Moody's Investor Service revenue in the second quarter was in line with the record prior year period and the issuance environment is constructed as we move into the back half of the year. Next, the charges related to our restructuring program are largely complete and we are increasing our anticipated annual run rate savings by more than $10 million to approximately $60 million. And finally, since our last earnings call, we've continued to execute on our long-term strategy in a disciplined manner through targeted acquisitions of businesses that extend our assessment and analytical solution capabilities as well as the planned divestiture of Moody’s Analytics Knowledge Services or MAKS. In addition, I'm pleased that Moody’s has further strengthened its leadership in ESG engagement and disclosure. Moving on to second quarter 2019 results. Double-digit MA revenue growth and MIS’s resilience despite subdued issuance activity resulted in a 3% revenue increase for Moody's Corporation. Moody's adjusted operating income of $599 million was up 2% from the prior year period. Adjusted diluted EPS grew by 1% aided by a 2% reduction in diluted share count from the prior year period as a result of our share repurchase programs. In the second quarter, issuance activity was mixed. Falling benchmark rates, tighter spreads, and economic fundamentals supported strong issuance conditions. However, declining global growth forecasts, continued geopolitical uncertainty and lower M&A and investment activity kept some issuers on the sidelines. The resurgent and corporate fixed rate issuance helped partially offset weakness in floating rate bank loans. Overall however, global issuance activity fell for the fourth consecutive quarter. The banks have indicated that U.S. investment grade and leveraged finance issuance pipelines are moderate, but CLO activity remains weak. Nonetheless, the relatively easier year-over-year comparable gives us confidence that MIS will deliver growth in the back half of the year. Since the first quarter earnings call, we have announced several transactions that enable us to further align our portfolio of offerings with our strategic priorities. Moody's delivered trusted insights and standards that allow market participants to make informed decisions contributing to market transparency and fairness. Our resolve to bring clarity and efficiency to markets has led us to execute these transactions as we increase our focus on providing risk assessments and analytical solutions. Before I turn the call over to Mark, I'll take a minute to review our recent strategic transactions with you. First, with our majority acquisition of Four Twenty Seven, a provider of data and analytics on physical climate risks. We will significantly bolster our capabilities to integrate environmental and climate risk factors into economic modeling and credit ratings. Second, our acquisition of RiskFirst extends Moody's reach into the buy side with market leading solutions for portfolio management and risk analytics delivered on a software as a service or SaaS platform. Third, our newly established joint venture with Team8 combines Moody's experience in developing methodologies and global standards with teammates, expertise in cybersecurity technology. And finally are planned divestiture of Max reflects MA's increasing strategic focus on providing scalable data, financial intelligence, and analytical tools rather than the spoke service oriented engagements. These transactions are included in our updated full-year 2019 guidance. We expect they will have a diluted impact of approximately $0.05 to adjusted diluted EPS. I will now turn the call over to Mark Kaye to provide further details on our second quarter performance and review our updated outlook for 2019.
Mark Kaye: Thank you, Ray. For MIS, second quarter issuance activity was down 14% from the prior year period. However, MIS revenue is down in 2%, demonstrating the continued resilience of the business model. As Ray mentioned earlier, issuance was key towards fixed rates activity given low benchmark interest rates and additionally, the mix of jumbo M&A related issuance and infrequent issue is coming to market with favorable. MIS's recurring revenue base supported by pricing initiative as well as monitored credit growth also contributed to substantially offset this decline in issuance. For the second quarter, the slight revenue contraction alongside relatively flat expense growth lead to a decline in MIS's adjusted operating margin, which was 60.2%. For MA, each business contributed to the achievement of an aggregate 12% revenue growth rate, concurrently enabling 350 basis points of improvement in adjusted operating margin. This is the second consecutive quarter of year-over-year adjusted operating margin improvement of 350 basis points. Organic MA revenue was up 10% from the prior year period. RD&A revenue grew 14% due to strong sales credit research and rating data feeds by sales growth at Bureau van Dijk and contribution from the Reis acquisition. On an organic basis, RD&A delivered double-digit revenue growth of 11%. ERS strong demand for subscription products, particularly from insurance companies drove the 7% revenue increase. We also benefited from the ongoing transition to SaaS-based operating model. Trailing 12 months ERS revenue is up 1%. The sales were up 8%, which provides a positive signal for future revenue growth. Professional services revenue growth of 13% was driven by strong global demand for training solutions. Organic professional services revenue was up 10%. I'll now discuss Moody's updated full-year 2019 guidance. Moody's outlook for 2019 is based on assumptions about many geopolitical conditions and macro economic and capital market factors including, but not limited to, interest in foreign currency change rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions and the level of debt capital markets activity. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty, and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end-of-quarter exchange rates. Specifically, our forecast for the remainder of 2019 reflects exchange rates for the British pound of $1.27 and for the euro of $1.14. We continue to forecast that revenue will increase in the mid single-digit percent range. While anticipating total operating expenses to increasingly high single-digit percent range. Operating expense guidance includes depreciation and amortization, restructuring charges and impairment charge related to the plan divestiture of Max and acquisition related expenses. Excluding the incremental restructuring in Max impairment charges, total operating expense guidance would have still been an increase in the mid single-digit percent range. Of note, we are not expecting a material ramp in expenses from the first to the fourth quarter of 2019, as we start to realize savings from the restructuring program. The full-year of 2019 operating margin forecast is approximately 42% with the adjusted operating margin anticipated to remain at approximately 48%. We now expect net interest expense to be approximately $195 million. The full-year effective tax rate is anticipated to be in the range of 21% to 22% not withstanding the low effective rate in the first half of the year. Diluted EPS and adjusted diluted EPS, our forecast to be $7.15 to $7.35 and $7.95 to $8.15 respectively. Share repurchases anticipated to be in the range of $1 billion to $1.3 billion. For a full list of all guidance. Please refer to Table 13 about earnings release. For MIS, we expect total full-year revenue to increase in the low single-digit percent range, with growth weighted towards the second half of the year as the year-over-year comparable becomes easier. We are anticipating U.S. revenue to increase in the mid single-digit percent range with stronger contributions from fixed rate corporate bonds. Non-U.S. revenues forecast remain approximately flat. Our issuance estimate remains flat to down 5% in comparison to 2018 with continued support from dead funded M&A that was lower contributions from floating rate bank loans and CLOs. We are on track to achieve approximately 901st time mandates in 2019. The MIS adjusted operating margin remains at approximately 58% in 2019. For MA, we anticipate total revenue to increase in the low double-digit percent range. As we recognize strong sales growth across all business lines, as well as the benefit from the stability of recurring revenue derived from the core RD&A business and the ongoing ERS transition to SaaS base model. The MA adjusted operating margin is forecast to expand 150 to 250 basis points to the 28% to 29% range in 2019 reflecting the aggregate impact of the announced transactions. The charges related to our restructuring program are essentially complete. The total restructuring charge of $108 million that we took in the fourth quarter of 2018 and the first half of 2019 exceeded our previously announced range $70 million to $80 million. We are currently revising anticipated annualized pretax savings to approximately $60 million, a $15 million increase from the midpoint to the previously announced range of $40 million to $50 million. This will enable us to realize approximately $30 million of savings as you move through the second half of 2019 allowing us to reinvest in our business and provide annual margin stability. Going forward these savings will create financial flexibility and the various capital market conditions and provide additional options to reinvest in our business and or bolster margin. Before turning the call back over to Ray, I would like to note a few key takeaways. We remain confident in Moody’s ability to both deliver revenue growth and sustain margins in 2019. Moody's will continue to execute on his strategic vision to provide trusted insights and standards while delivering transparency to adjacent markets and emerging risk areas. Finally, we have confidence in our disciplines and thoughtful approach to capital management and the return of free cash flow to all shareholders. I will now turn the call back over to Ray, for his final remarks.
Raymond McDaniel: Thanks, Mark. Before turning to the question-and-answer session, I'd like to review a few of our recent activities demonstrating our commitment to a sustainable future. Each year, Moody's has further honed its CSR program to strategically focus on societal issues that we are in a unique position to help address and those that our employees are most passionate about. Additionally, Moody's work on ESG, specifically climate-related risks and opportunities is directed toward promoting global measurement standards for use by market participants. Moody's continues to support disclosing and adhering to the standards set by the taskforce on climate-related financial disclosures, or TCFD. Moody's released its most recent TCFD report earlier this month, which is linked to this presentation and otherwise available on moodys.com/CSR. We are also working towards incorporating disclosure metrics set out by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, or SASB. We continue to engage with a multitude of other partners that develop CSR and ESG standards and frameworks or evaluate and assess performance. Please see the press release we published yesterday, highlighting our ongoing ESG initiatives, available at ir.moodys.com for more details. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining Mark Kaye and me for the question-and-answer session are Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics; and Rob Fauber, President of Moody's Investor Service. We'll be pleased to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will go first to Manav Patnaik of Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Good morning. Ray just on that last point around, your ESG initiatives, it sounds like there's a PR around ESG with a lot of companies have picked up, you guys have made a few tuck-in acquisitions as well. Can you just help us size maybe what it is today and how much can be where the opportunities are? That would be helpful.
Raymond McDaniel: Sure, Manav. In terms of the opportunity in the ESG sector for commercial purposes, we are looking at – we might characterize as non-geographic emerging markets. And so the degree and pace at which these markets will monetize is more speculative than you might see in more established markets that are using various kinds of risk assessments and risk standards. So we would acknowledge that. However, we are confident that there is strong demand for the creation of good measurement tools and standards in these areas. And so we are committed to providing that. This is true for certainly for climate, in cybersecurity as another example. So we feel that this is going to be a good opportunity even though these are our market sectors that are not yet heavily monetized. I would also add that really regardless of what the direct financial opportunity ends up being in these areas and how quickly it gets realized, that this is going to contribute to what we're doing in both Moody's Analytics and Moody's Investor Service as far as providing risk assessments eating into our economic models and tools and our credit ratings. And so it will enhance the relevance of the products that we are already providing and the relevance of our credit ratings in particular. So that's how we're thinking about this.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. Got it. And then just as a quick follow-up, I mean, can you just help me size what your India ratings exposure is? I guess, you had your CEO stepped down out there and it's all over the news out here in India. So I just wanted to see like how big or what's the risk might be there?
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. When you say our Indian opportunity or exposure, are you referring to the cross border or what we're doing in the domestic market?
Manav Patnaik: Well, it's more of the domestic market around the fact that there is, I guess a couple of the rating agency CEOs had to step down, down there, including your guidance, so I was just trying to understand what the risk around the issues there are today?
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, sure. With respect to our affiliate in India, ICRA, they've reported a couple of things. One that they are, addressing a matter relating to credit ratings that were assigned to one of its customers, and this is the subject of a proceeding that's been initiated by the securities commission called SEBI in India. And secondly, they've reported that they were investigating, an anonymous allegation that was forwarded to ICRA by SEBI and they've gotten outside experts to look into that anonymous allegation. We don't anticipate that an unfavorable outcome would be material to Moody's in anyway. And we'll just continue to watch and let the ICRA management team and the ICRA board handle the proceeding and the investigation that they're dealing with.
Manav Patnaik: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We will not go to a Toni Kaplan of Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan: Thank you. Could you help us understand how you were able to out pace issuance growth in MIS as well as you did, just looking at your transactional business down four and the global issuance environment of down 14. I usually think of price and mix has maybe two drivers that can explain some of the delta, but I just wanted to understand if there's a piece that I'm not thinking of?
Raymond McDaniel: Sure. Rob?
Robert Fauber: Toni, its Rob. So first of all, this is actually a nice question to be answering this quarter. So thanks for asking. You're right. Those are the two primary drivers and it really did this quarter. I've got a mix of who was issuing and when we look at prior quarters. So can I comparing back to the first quarter, the issuance mix in Q2 was, was more favorable because it was driven by a larger proportion of M&A driven financing and infrequent issuer supplies. So this comes to frequent versus infrequent issuers and what kind of commercial construct we have around them. Meanwhile, the frequent issuers who tend to be on these relationship based pricing constructs contributed to the issuance decline two or greater degree in the second quarter. So again, it was mixed and I also think we had, I mean you touched on price. I think we had some very nice commercial execution the quarter as well.
Toni Kaplan: Got it. And the price maybe could continue the other on less clarity. Would you expect that that mix between the frequent and infrequent to continue as it did?
Robert Fauber: It certainly May. I mean, the infrequent issuer, sometimes this gets to two things, the M&A environment and opportunistic financing. And so when we see a decline in benchmark rates and a tightening of spread spreads, that tends to drop, draw the infrequent issuers out to tap the market.
Toni Kaplan: Extremely, helpful. Thank you. And then for my second question, MA margin was very, very strong this quarter again, similar to last quarter. Can you help quantify how much was from BvD synergies versus the shift to the SaaS model and ERS or just general efficiency or if there's any other pieces I'm missing that'd be great. Thanks.
Raymond McDaniel: Mark?
Mark Kaye: Mark. Sure. Well we had 350 basis points of margin expansion in the quarter as Mark said, and you could deconstruct that into a couple of categories. About 150 basis points of the expansion came from the core business. About half of that came from the work we've been doing in Enterprise Risk Solutions to increase the profitability of that business. We got about a 100 basis points from the removal of the deferred revenue haircut in the Bureau van Dijk business that we had in the second quarter last year. And then another a 100 basis points from the Bureau van Dijk business in the aggregate. So I can't really give you any further detail to tell you how much is attributable to Bureau van Dijk synergies per se, but those are the three principle categories of that margin expansion.
Toni Kaplan: That's really helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Cho of J.P. Morgan.
Michael Cho: Hi, good morning. Just my first question is around the change in the MIS U.S. guidance. I was just hoping you could give a little bit more color behind the increase in the MIS U.S. revenue guide. I guess behind some of the commentary you just gave.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. Sure Rob. So obviously we've – as mark touched on we've got the same overall issuance outlook and the components to get to are our overall MIS low single-digit guide. As you said, we've increased our U.S. guidance and that's really around the our outlook for corporate bond issuance and the revenue expectations given the receptive environment that we're seeing. Some small upward revisions in our outlook for us project in infrastructure finance activity. And that's been partially offset by the downward revisions that we've got in us bank loans and CLOs. So I don't want to overstate the magnitude of these forecast revisions. It was enough to push the U.S. into mid single-digits, but obviously not enough to impact the broader in MIS revenue guide.
Michael Cho: Okay, great. Thanks. And just my follow-up is around the restructuring program. I think the Mark you mentioned that do expect to see about $30 million or so benefits this year and $60 million overall run rate synergies. I guess one, when should we expect this see the full benefit of the $6 million, and two, how much of that are you playing to reinvest?
Mark Kaye: Thanks for the question. Certainly the increasing in these total restructuring charges of $108 million was really due to the acceleration and expansion of our staffing and real estate optimization and some of the acquisition integration and that as you correctly note, that lead to an increase in our analyzed pretax savings amount of approximately $60 million. Part of that benefit that $30 million that you'll see in $19 is really coming through in how we think about the expense ramp for the year. So specifically we're now only expecting an expense ramp up between $0 and $10 million from Q1 to Q4 vis-a-vis a much larger amount that you would have seen in 2018. And depending on the opportunities as we evaluate both internal investment opportunities versus margin expansion. And that will very much depend on the particular environment as it developed in 2020.
Michael Cho: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We will now take a question from Alex Kramm of UBS.
Alexander Kramm: Yes. Hey, good morning, everyone. I wanted to just talk about the divestiture or the Max divestiture. I'm a little unclear actually what's included in your updated guidance on the one hand, there's this on the slide, you say it's a $0.05 impact from all these transactions, but I don't really think you adjust as kind of like the revenue margin outlook. I know that deal is supposed to close later this year, but just maybe clarify what's included, what's still will come out when this closes. And then I guess bigger picture on this whole question. As we think about 2020, this business completely out. How does this change kind of like the revenue and the margin profile of that MA business? Thank you.
Mark Kaye: Alex, good morning. This is Mark here. I'll start with your first question and I'll answer it specific to you adjusted a diluted EPS guidance update. The increase was primarily due to the lower effected interest expense and we certainly did factor in the MIS U.S. revenue guidance improvements. But also note that we didn't narrow our range. Given the higher confidence that we have from a first half operating performance. In particular as related to a Max itself and while Max is not material to Moody's, we did forecast, we had forecast 2019 financial in the absence of a transaction to be around $110 million in revenue and around a 20% to standalone EBITDA margin associated with that.
Alexander Kramm: Okay, great. Now that's helpful. Thank you for that. And then maybe just secondly, just quickly on the MIS Business, just obviously you updated your outlook here a little bit, but curious to what degree this contemplates kind of the potential or likely rate cuts that we're going to be seeing today and maybe later this year, how that may still shift kind of the expectations or what you expect to happen in the marketplace. So is this kind of steady eddy guidance or outlook or do you think the marketplace could still change materially given what the Fed is likely to do here?
Mark Kaye: Alex, given your question maybe what we'll do here is I'll talk a little bit about puts and takes sort of for issuance activities that we're hearing from – externally from some of the banks, and I’ll turn it over to Rob to follow-up specifically with our internal viewpoint. In the U.S., the banks are saying that investment grade issuance is down slightly year-to-date due to some deleveraging activity still active, but lower year-over-year M&A and it's like multinationals shifting issuance to Europe to take advantage of lower rates there. Now high yield bond issuance from what we're hearing has been up moderately year-to-date, supported by refinancing activity. And then conversely, leverage loans issuance has been down over 30% with acquisition financing driving for the majority of that activity. The banks have relayed that anticipation of a Fed rate cuts is now driving yields lower and tightening spreads, which does set up conditions supportive of the strong issuance environment for investment grade and high yield bonds in the second half of the year. And we did hear that expectations persist for lower U.S. benchmark rates as through the medium turn due to ongoing growth concerns. And then of course those concerns are also being reflected in the market with the bifurcation and the demand for high yield credits sort of that preference towards the higher quality names. We turn to Europe, feedback from the banks is that the investment grade market, you've seen some of the rate dynamics to the U.S., but more accentuated. The 10-year bond yield obviously continues to fall further below 0%. And as a result, investment grade relative dynamics continue to encourage reverse Yankee issuance, which by some measures comprises about a third of the total issuance in Europe year-to-date. And the last thing sort of what we hearing from the banks, it's specifically related to high yield issuance in the second quarter in Europe and that's primarily driven by refinancing activities. And then similarly as in the U.S., there's significant preference for higher-end spec-ed rated names. And I'll turn it over to Rob to update you sort of on MIS’s 2019 issuance expectations.
Robert Fauber: Yes. I'll touch on that in a second. Let me just follow-up with kind of how we're thinking about issuance for the remainder of the year. Mark in his remarks, mentioned our issuance forecast is essentially unchanged at a flat to down 5%. And we have shifted our expectations as we've touched on to more fixed rate bond issuance and less floating rate issuance, and that includes loans and CLOs. We've upped the investment grade outlook modestly given all the opportunistic refi and jumbo M&A activity we've seen. But the biggest changes are really around corporate high yield bond issuance outlook for us from the first quarter, given all the activity in the pipeline that we're seeing. We're expecting to see some significant growth now in high yield issuance for the full-year. And then conversely, we've trimmed our outlook for bank loan issuance on really less opportunistic refi, and the fact that new issue loans spreads and yields are higher than a year ago. So we expect to see there some significant declines in issuance. Maybe just in terms of upside and downside, I would say, the supply we're seeing is benefiting from what I would call very issuer-friendly market conditions, probably the most constructive conditions we've seen in quite some time. As I mentioned earlier, that could lead to some elements of opportunistic supply more than we've anticipated. M&A is really going to be a key factor here. Our expectation is for ongoing levels of activities that continue. And as I've mentioned, we've seen some jumbo financing activity to get M&A deals done. On the downside, I guess a few things. I mean potential surprises in how the central banks respond to the threat of lower economic forecasts. There are obviously expectations that the market has dialed in, and then things like, disorderly Brexit and Chinese, U.S. trade discussion. So those would be some of the things we're looking at that could be a wildcard to our outlook for the year.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. Just to close this off – it's Ray. I think what you're hearing from us is that, we're in a bit of a Goldilocks scenario right now where growth is slowing, but there is still growth, that slowing growth is encouraging central bank action which has beneficial to rates and spreads remain tight. If we tip either way away from that scenario, we would have more challenges in the second half or right now that's what we're seeing.
Alexander Kramm: Excellent color. Thank you.
Operator: We will now go to Craig Huber of Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Yes. Thank you, a couple of questions. Maybe if we could start with China, if we could, Ray. Just want to get an update where you're out there in terms of maybe trying to start up an operation there similar to what S&P has done. It's my sense. Correct me if I'm wrong, but is your 30% equity stake over there in CCXI sort of gumming up this whole process from your perspective? I guess what should be able to top that off and actually buy in more of that operation so you could actually consolidate? I'm just curious where you're at right now? Just given that your main competition, at least globally, got their licenses you know, back in January? I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. We've talked about this a little bit before. And we have a 30% stake as you know in the largest rating agency, domestic rating agency in China. It's also quite profitable. So we're very satisfied with our position in CCXI. Certainly, if we like CCXI and we do, we would be interested in participating further in that business. That is going to be determined in part by probably, policy decisions that are made in China and potentially in discussions between China and the United States. So at this point, we are very satisfied with the position we are in. And it if circumstances change, we would be prepared to pivot, whether it's selling down our position or increasing our position or requesting a separate license, other than the licenses currently held by CCXI. So we're just going to have to be patience and see how that plays out. But in the meantime, we are a 30% holder in a very successful business. Just to give you a little bit more color on sort of the size of the opportunity because I think there's been a fair amount of confusion around this and so let me give you, just a few numbers. First of all, we've talked before about China being the third largest, onshore bond market. And it's closing very quickly on becoming the second largest. We rate both in the cross-border market, large Chinese companies going to the U.S. or Euro bond markets. And we have the CCXI in the domestic market. So the ratings that we have in the cross-border market are about 37% of the revenue share, so high 30s revenue share. We have about 70% coverage. But it's a multiple rating markets. So that turns into about a high 30s revenue share. And that's approximately a $260 million cross-border markets. So that gives you a sense of what the cross-border revenue opportunity is. And then coincidentally, CCXI has a high 30s percent, a revenue share of the domestic Chinese market, which coincidentally is also about $260 million. So we've got high 30% revenue share in both cross-border and domestic and both markets are about $260 million in total ratings revenue. So that gives us about $150 million currently in China related revenue, excluding the income contribution that comes from CCXI, which would be, you can do the math would be about another $15 million.
Craig Huber: Thank you for that Ray. And then if I can also ask, you touched on this a little bit, but could you just talk a little bit further about the market conditions for debt issuance for the back half of this year? I mean when you think about that economy spreads and the M&A environment and the pull forward potential here, the base rate, the absolute rates, how low they are? Just sort of sense out there and maybe about Europe as well? Thank you.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, sure, not a whole lot to add to what we were talking about before. In terms of our expectations for the second half of the year. But as we look at whether the second half of the year may include more significant pull forward. I think we probably will be seeing pull forward that is again more of a phenomenon at least it has been more of a phenomenon in the U.S. than it has been internationally. So it's really U.S. spec-grade and we do have optimistic expectations for the U.S. spec-grade market year-on-year for the second half. Europe I don't know that we will be seeing a pull forward historically that has not characterized the European market as much. And so whether the quantitative easing that is expected in Europe encourages more pull forward is a question we will have to just watch and see the answer to. And see how significant that is. A reminder that the spec-grade market in Europe is not of the same size as the U.S. market. So it would be less material even if there is pull forward.
Robert Fauber: Ray, maybe I’d just add a little bit of color too, as we're now into the second half of the year, Craig. So second quarter seasonally strong. Our typical consultative pattern supported by these favorable market conditions that we've talked about. The pipeline has, I'm thinking kind hear from corporate perspective, but the pipeline has continued to replenish. I'd say it's pretty solid. July as usually a bit softer. We've got earnings blackouts, but we're expecting some good issuance added a seasonal slowdowns that we'll see later in August. In U.S. investment grade you've got the corporate bond index that it's tight as level and something like two years in funds flows, flows have been positive every month of the year. And in a U.S. high yield, the spreads have recovered substantially all the widening that they had experienced and can Q4 and high yield bond fund flows have been positive every month this year except May. I'm also contributing to the demand there. And that's in contrast to the level of outflows that we had seen in high yield bond funds in something like five and over the last six years. So positive funds flows on the flip side, the leverage loans pipeline looks pretty modest and despite the fact we've seen now, I believe it's 34 consecutive weeks of fund outflows, the tone in the leverage learn market, the secondary market is pretty firm. We've got some jumbo M&A that's been announced that still has to get funded in the markets and the second half of the year. And as Ray said, in Europe, the investment grade market continues to be pretty active. We've got very low benchmark rates. They're strong investor demand. The leverage finance activity has improved in Europe from the first quarter. It was very soft in the first quarter. We've seen some good activity in July. Again, the same theme of sustained investor demand for the supply and good market conditions. So what we're saying.
Craig Huber: Thank you. Can I just ask a quick housekeeping question if I could? The BvD, I always get asked by investors, how did BvD do? Was it was excluding currency was up high single-digits, the revenue there? Thank you.
Raymond McDaniel: Sure. Well, we don't typically disclose the Bureau van Dijk results on a standalone basis as you know. But I can say that the business there is performing very, very well. We're very happy with it. It is both from a revenue standpoint and a sales standpoint. It's been growing in the low-to-mid teens on a organic constant dollar basis. So we feel very good about what's happening in Bureau van Dijk.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you, guys.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. Then without getting more into the detail, just to reinforce Mark's point, you can look at the RD&A a growth rate and see that it's getting good contribution from Bureau van Dijk.
Mark Kaye: Yes. But to be fair, it's not just a Bureau van Dijk story in RD&A. RD&A is strong pretty much across the board.
Craig Huber: Thank you.
Operator: And now we'll take a question from Joseph Foresi of Cantor Fitzgerald.
Joseph Foresi: Hi. I wanted to go back to China for a second. I guess my question there is, I understand the opportunity, but how do you protect yourself against fraud in China? And do you think that there's a higher risk around the ratings in that geography versus the rest of the world?
Raymond McDaniel: Joe, in terms of thinking about fraud risk, I mean certainly it's well understood that there is less transparency in some of the financial information available on Chinese companies than you might see for U.S. public companies, for example. The ratings in the cross border market though are on the very largest entities in China, which are internationally active and they do have a higher quality and more consistent financial reporting. So that's less of a concern. In the domestic market, it is a challenge, and the way to address it through ratings in particular is looking at how much – how complete the financial information is, how intuitive it is. Do the numbers make sense across the financial statements? And if there is a lack of comfort with the amount or clarity of the information, the choices are simply not to participate in the rating or to make conservative assumptions about where the credit worthiness of the entity should be placed in terms of a rating score. I think there is going to be continued interest in building transparency. There's going to be continued interest in assessing financial statement quality, and in assessing financial statement quality that in itself provides opportunities for firms like Moody's or Moody's Analytics.
Joseph Foresi: Got it. Okay. And then I guess maybe I'll just stick with China. I was going to ask a different one, but we only get two here. So when Moody's goes in and rates a Chinese company, do they benefit typically the same way that a U.S. entity would benefit? In other words, do they get more favorable potential interest rate associated with that? And I'm just wondering how you – early stage you can gauge sort of Moody's reputation internationally because I'm trying to just kind of measure what kind of possible demand could come out of that region. Thanks.
Raymond McDaniel: Well, certainly in the cross border market, the dynamics are similar to what we would see among U.S. issuers or Western European issuers. In the domestic market, at this point in time that benefit is less clear because there are more constraints on the buy side and on the issuer – on the issuers of debt. And so that is a market that is still more adolescent in terms of its channeling of capital according to the best risk reward dynamics. And that's where I think again, we see opportunity because improving the quality of risk assessments for these entities should over time allow capital to be channeled more efficiently, which is really at the end of the day one of the policy goals for the Chinese officials.
Joseph Foresi: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will be coming from George Tong of Goldman Sachs.
George Tong: Thanks. I want to go back to the MIS segment. You've slightly increased your MIS revenue guidance for the full-year, but you're holding your overall global issuance forecast unchanged at flat to down 5%. The flat to down 5% is a relatively wide range. So at the increment, would you say your view of the global issuance environment is stronger because of fixed rate issuance? So would you say it's really just mix at Moody's that's changing your view on MIS?
Raymond McDaniel: I think – well it's two things. We are anticipating that the favorable mix that we've seen in the first half will probably continue in the second half. And also I would say we're modestly more positive on issuance, but certainly not to the point where we would move outside of that 0% to down 5% range.
George Tong: Got it. That's helpful. In the MA segment, you're operating margins expanded a strong 350 bps year-over-year in the quarter. You've lowered your MA operating margin guidance by a point for the full-year. Can you talk about what's changing in the business to cause a diminished view on margins in the segment?
Raymond McDaniel: Sure. The change is primarily driven by M&A activity that we've announced, which obviously includes M&A related transaction costs, both the Max divestiture and RiskFirst acquisition. The MA adjusted margin guidance would have been unchanged, where it not for RiskFirst and Max.
George Tong: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And now we will go to Jeff Silber of BMO Capital Markets.
Henry Chen: Hey, guys. Good morning. It's Henry Chen, calling for Jeff. Just I wanted to talk about some of the acquisitions that you've been making. At a high level, could you kind of just talk through, I guess maybe strategically what areas you're looking at and how to sort of tie that all together in sort of cinematically in terms of how you're looking at future acquisitions? Thanks.
Raymond McDaniel: Sure. I'll turn this over to Mark and Rob to comment in each of their units. But as we said in the prepared remarks, we're starting from the strategic perspective that we want to provide expanded risk assessments and extend our analytics solutions, data and analytics solutions, offerings. The data analytics solutions are really coming out of the MA and where the Moody's Analytics unit is looking at acquisition opportunities. And the non-credit risk assessments or risk assessments that can contribute to our credit analysis, but also may provide, independent measures are coming from a Moody’s Investors Service for the most part. Mark, I don't know if you want to say anything on RiskFirst.
Mark Kaye: Yes. I would just note that the RiskFirst acquisition, we view that as kind of a classic Moody's Analytics business. It's a highly specialized set of analytical capabilities that are targeted at important problems that are shared by many customers. In this case, in the Investment Management segment, those capabilities are built around a unique highly specialized data sets. They get in this case that data relates to a pension plan, assets, the historical returns of the liability structures, et cetera. The solutions that RiskFirst offers benefit from network effects as they serve the buy side ecosystem, including the investment managers themselves. The ultimate asset owners that is the pension plan sponsors, insurers, foundations and endowments as well as the investment consultants. And those network effects are stimulated by the fact that this product is on a SaaS platform, which is very readily implemented, customers can have it up and running very quickly after making a purchase decision. So the ease of use speeds the adoption of the platform. And so that again that enhances the network effects we get from this thing. And there are some very important synergies in the RiskFirst product with the work that we've been doing in the insurance space. You'll recall about three years ago, we acquired GGY, which substantially ramped up our analytical relevance to the management of insurers liabilities. RiskFirst now gives us some very important capabilities on the asset side of the insurance companies. So you can start to see that we're building out a very substantial position to be able to solve a very wide range of problems for insurance companies.
Henry Chen: Got it. 
Raymond McDaniel: Rob, you want to comment on Four Twenty Seven?
Robert Fauber: Yes. So dovetailing with what Ray said, I mean we're investing in areas where the market is looking for analytics and insights to be able to assess risks that are increasingly relevant to both the credit markets and even more broadly capital markets and financial institutions, and Four Twenty Seven is a great example. So you've got investors, banks, insurance companies, issuers, all increasingly focusing on the physical risks associated with climate. And that's things like sea level rise or water scarcity, wildfires so on. And Four Twenty Seven bring us some very robust climate analytics, modeling data and very importantly expertise. That's going to allow us to be able to leverage this content across Moody's. And that's both the rating agency as well as MA. And you know, we've acquired some unique content sets and capabilities and we think that's really going to differentiate us and our ability to integrate climate analytics into our offerings. And again, that's all part of this broader focus that we've got on an investment in the ESG space. And I would also say that that deal, while small has gotten some – has some very good industrial logic and we've gotten some very good press and market feedback, from around the world on our move into that space.
Henry Chen: Okay, very cool. That's super helpful. Thanks. Thanks for the color.
Operator: And now we will go to Timothy McHugh of William Blair.
Timothy McHugh: Thanks. I guess two questions. One just a numbers one. Can you give us the incentive comp for the quarter? And then secondly, as a follow-up on ESG. I guess, how quickly are you going to integrate things to a Moody's branded type of offering if that's the ultimate plan. I guess are there any other pieces to the kind of the ESG strategy that you feel are missing after some of your recent acquisitions.
Mark Kaye: Tim, I'll answer the numbers question. The incentive compensation for the second quarter of 2019 was $51 million that's consistent with the approximately $50 million per quarter for the expectation that 2019.
Robert Fauber: Yes. So this is Rob. I think there's some scarcity value to some of the assets and the ESG and climate space. So we've obviously acquired majority stakes in Vigeo Eiris, which is really data and scores for investors in ESG. And then they also have a very nice green bond assessment platform for issuers. Four Twenty Seven, I just talked about focused on climate data and analytics. We're investors, financial institutions. So we think we've gotten some very good assets. We're also producing ESG content within the rating agency. Increasingly, kind of thinking about and being more explicit about how we factor ESG considerations into the ratings. And I think what you'll see is over time, all of this will be part of a branded broader Moody's Suite of ESG offerings. And they will be then the ESG content; I think you will see packaged to meet a wide range of customer needs across Moody's Corporation. As I said, both the needs of the rating agency, the needs of Vigeo Eiris, and Four Twenty Seven customers and the needs of MAs a very broad customer base.
Timothy McHugh: Thanks.
Operator: And now we'll go to Dan Dolev of Nomura Instinet.
Dan Dolev: Hey guys, thanks for using my question. Appreciate it. So just I understand on Moody's Analytics the RiskFirst, we estimate as about a 100 basis points in growth in the second half. And why didn't you raise the revenue guidance here or I just want to make sure there's kind of no implied slow down on this one? Thank you.
Mark Kaye: Dan, it's Mark. I think you're probably overstating RiskFirst a bit the scale of it. And maybe it's because you're not taking into consideration that we'll have the accounting treatment on the deferred revenue haircut. That may be why you're…
Dan Dolev: Got it. I mean, looking at 16.5 million pounds. Right? Which was disclosed, but have you disclosed the contribution? I don't think you have.
Mark Kaye: Yes. We have not disclosed that. The other thing you need to keep in mind is we're assuming that by the time we get to the fourth quarter, we will not have any revenue from the Max business. So that's going the other way. 
Dan Dolev: Got it. So there is no implied, no implied slow down, it's just the M&A.
Mark Kaye: Absolutely correct. Absolutely right.
Dan Dolev: Got it.
Mark Kaye: The underlying business is performing extremely well.
Dan Dolev: I agree. And just a follow-up question. I mean, you talked about the issuance and you sound very upbeat about the issuance. In our space, in our business services space there's a lot of talk right now about being late cycle, et cetera. I mean, can we get maybe a macro comment from you guys not withstanding the issuance kind of where you think we are because there seems to be a lot of confusion. Thanks.
Raymond McDaniel: Well with respect to issuance, just to be clear, it's not that we are expecting a lot of growth compared to the first half of this year, but we had a relatively easy comparable from the second half and particularly the fourth quarter of 2018. So that's really informing our commentary. As far as the broader late cycle question. Yes, I think it's obvious to everybody that we have been in a long growth cycle, and that that growth has been slowing globally on a somewhat steady basis with a number of IMF reforecast down for global growth and slow down in Europe with renewed discussion about quantitative easing, expected interest rate cuts here in the U.S., not to mention the trade discussions. So yes, you can look at late cycle, you can look at slowing growth. On the other hand, there are policy tools that are going to be deployed to deal with this slowing growth and a number of things are up in the air right now that could be resolved favorably trade discussions and Brexit being too, which could act as catalyst to renewed growth. So I think appropriate to be a bit cautious and a bit wary of where we are in this cycle, but things can still break in a positive way. 
Dan Dolev: Got it. Thanks a lot. Great quarter.
Operator: Now we'll take a question from Bill Warmington of Wells Fargo Securities.
William Warmington: Good afternoon, everyone. So I wanted to ask about the cybersecurity strategy. You've got a strategic investment with Team8. You announced an expanded JV with the company. And I wanted to ask if you were – if the ultimate thought was to develop a standalone cybersecurity rating and if so, what the opportunity was there for Moody's?
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. I think we are very open minded about what is going to be the best offering in the cybersecurity space, whether it's rating, some other kind of score, probably, research and analytics associated with some standardized measurements. And we also see this as an area where both providing assessments or scores based on publicly available information may be helpful to market participants. And providing private assessments, whether it's for a risk committees or boards of directors, et cetera, vendor risk management may play a role here. There are a number of directions we believe this can go. And what we're really focused on with Team8 is developing the methodology and then the analytical engine that goes with that methodology to bring some real science to this area.
William Warmington: And then for my follow-up question on the Max divestiture. Any other pruning that you're thinking about doing in the portfolio?
Raymond McDaniel: No, I think we're pretty comfortable with the portfolio.
William Warmington: Excellent. Well, thank you very much. 
Raymond McDaniel: Thank you. 
Operator: We will now go to Shlomo Rosenbaum of Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hi. Thank you very much for squeezing me in as well. Would you be able to disclose what the growth rates were of some of the businesses that you bought like, the Twenty Four Seven the RiskFirst. And then just kind of on an annualized basis. And then you put up the RiskFirst and Pounds in 2018, but is there some kind of, if you wanted to put the three that you're talking about, I guess with the JV together, is there an annualized revenue assumption that we should make over there amongst those three?
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. I think it's fair to say that this would not be material for purposes of your modeling and assessing what our outlook is. These are young companies, acquisition of capabilities and expertise as much as the immediate financial return from these companies.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. And how fast does Max growing, or was it wasn't really growing at all?
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, Max was growing. And as we said, it had about – we had forecast about 110 million in revenue at a 20% EBITDA margin. If we had not done this transaction, that would've been the profile for the year. It had been growing, but it was growing slower than the MA business overall.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And this does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn things back over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond McDaniel: Okay. Thank you all for joining today's call and we look forward to speaking with you again in the call. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes Moody second quarter 2019 earnings call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the Company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the second quarter 2019 earnings section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 P.M. Eastern Time on Moody’s IR website. Thank you.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-24 12:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for question-and-answers following the presentation. I would now turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations and Strategic Capital Management. Please go ahead.
Salli Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's first quarter 2019 results, as well as our current outlook for full year 2019. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations and Strategic Capital Management. This morning, Moody's released it's results for the first quarter 2019, as well as our current outlook for full year 2019. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Mark Kaye, Moody's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings press release filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures mentioned during this call and GAAP. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the management's Discussion & Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and another SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the SEC's website. These together with the Safe Harbor statement set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media maybe on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel: Thank you, Salli. Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's first quarter 2019 financial results. Mark will then follow with comments on our outlook for 2019 and after our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. In the first quarter, Moody's Analytics mid-teens revenue growth offset issuance headwinds resulting in a 1% revenue increase for Moody's Corporation as expected, Moody's adjusted operating margin contracted to 45.4% as the expense reductions from the restructuring actions we initiated in the fourth quarter of 2018 will not meaning meaningfully affect the P&L until the second half of 2019. Adjusted diluted EPS nonetheless, grew by 2% year over year driven by a lower effective tax rate and a 1% reduction in share count from the accelerated share repurchase program. In the first quarter of 2019 lower interest rates and tighter fixed incomes spreads led to improved issuance activity following the disruption in the fourth quarter of 2018. However, issuance was lower than first quarter 2018 levels as a result of uncertain business outlook. The inversion of the U.S treasury yield curve and reduced global growth forecasts caused concern about economic weakness and contributed to more accommodative monetary and fiscal policies.  Geopolitical concerns around U.S. China trade negotiations and Brexit uncertainty continued to weigh on the market. These factors lead to a mixed issuance environment in the first quarter. As I mentioned, while issuance improved significantly from the fourth quarter of 2018, year-over-year issuance was down 14%. MIS revenue was down only 7% demonstrating the continued strength of the business model. MIS's recurring revenue base supported by increased monitoring fees from recent new mandates as well as pricing, provided a partial counterbalance to the client initials. Similar to my comment on corporate expenses, we expect to start realizing MIS expense reductions from restructuring program as we move further into 2019. For the first quarter, the revenue contraction led to a decline in MIS's adjusted operating margin to 54.9%. However, focusing longer-term on a trailing 12-month basis, MIS margins were up 50-basis points to 57.5%. I would like to spend another minute on investment grade and high-yield bond issuance as well as bank loan issuance in the first quarter as these were significant drivers of year-over-year performance. Due to the flattening of the yield curve in the first quarter, market preferences shifted from floating to fixed rate instruments while lowered financing costs, increased investment grade and high-yield bond issuance by 19% and 1% respectively. On the other hand, higher financing costs reduced bank loan issuance by 33% year-over-year. While loan issuance for M&A activity remained relatively intact, refinancing activity was largely muted versus the prior year period. For MA, each business delivered double digit revenue growth, which contributed to 16% total MA revenue growth and a 350-basis point improvement in the adjusted operating margin. Organic MA revenue was up 13% from the prior year period. RD&A revenue grew 15% due to strong sales growth at Bureau van Dijk in the second half of 2018, contribution from the REE's acquisition as well as strength and core research and data products. On an organic basis, RD&A also delivered double digit revenue growth of 12%. In ERS strong fourth quarter 2018 and first quarter of 2019 subscription sales drove a 19% revenue increase and we continue to execute on the transition as we continue to execute on the transition to a Software as a Service or SaaS operating model. We're encouraged by this growth. However, we are not expecting increases of similar magnitude in every quarter. Professional services revenue growth of 13% was driven by the contribution from Omega performance as well as strong new sales in the mac's business. Organic professional services revenue was up 6%. I would like to highlight the strong performance of ERS in the first quarter. The increase in the ERS revenue base which has grown by $100 million since 2015 has been a large driver of MA revenue. Recurring revenue is a share of total ERS business continued to take up in the first quarter and reach 78% on a trailing 12-month basis. Indicating that this trend will continue, trailing 12 months subscription sales have increased 12%, while sales of the one-time products we have been de-emphasizing increased 2%. The deliberate shift we have made on the expansion of our subscription business will support scalability and drive MA operating leverage and margin. Moreover, we are meeting our customers' demands by moving to a SaaS-based model due to its ease of use and lower cost of ownership. This next generation of products will enhance the customer experience, improve adaption rates and shorten our sales cycle. ERS' resumed revenue growth is a key component of ongoing adjusted operating margin improvement in MA for 2019. I'd like to take a moment to highlight the recent acquisitions that are contributing to our strategic priority of pursuing growth opportunities in adjacent product areas. In October 2018, we successfully completed the acquisition of REE's, a leading provider of U.S. commercial real estate or CRE data. Since then, MA introduced the REE's network, a platform of connected applications providing market participants access to CRE solutions for property research, investment and risk management. We also launched commercial location score and advanced quantitative solution for evaluating CRE using data from REE's, allowing CRE investors, lenders and developers to evaluate the suitability of over 7,000,000 commercially zoned parcels in the United States. Also in October, we announced an investment in Team8 partners, a leading think-tank and company creation platform specializing in cyber security and data resilience, building on prior investments and initiatives in cyber security and emerging technologies. And last week, we announced that Moody's have acquired the majority stake in Vigeo Eiris to support our ESG initiatives. Vigeo Eiris is a leading global provider of ESG research, data and assessments and is a foundational asset for our broader efforts in the space. Adding to the growing body of ESG analysis and research already produced within MIS, the Vigeo Eiris brings Moody an extensive database, a long established presence in the ESG space and a wide product offering which will help Moody's in its goal to become a global standard setter in ESG. Vigeo Eiris will be an affiliate of MIS and continue to operate from its headquarters in Paris. This investment is consistent with Moody's strategy of serving the evolving needs of financial market participants beyond credit risk. This transaction is not expected to materially impact Moody's 2019 financial results or our capital allocation plans, but is meaningful to our strategic objectives, building on Moody's increasing efforts in the ESG space. On that note, Moody's will soon release its annual corporate social responsibility report which aligns with the global reporting initiative or GRI standards core option. You will be able to access this report at Moodys.com/csr. Underpinning our strategic priorities, we are continuing to enhance our technology infrastructure to enable automation, innovation and efficiency. Moody's is enhancing its data and analytical capabilities by utilizing alternative and unstructured data sources to supplement financial and CRE analysis. Natural language processing and AI are improving the decision-making capabilities of our analysts and our customers through credit monitoring tools, customized training and loan application approval. Machine learning, AI and natural language processing are also delivering efficiencies by allowing us to automate manual repeatable tasks and the spreading of financial data as well as generate thousands of research reports on small municipal issuers. Finally, we are utilizing the cloud across the business to cater the customer requirements in an efficient and low-cost manner. We will continue to enhance our processes and product offerings to meet our needs and those of our customers by embracing technological innovation. I'll now turn the call over to Mark to review our outlook for 2019.
Mark Kaye: Thank you, Ray. Moody's outlook for 2019 is based on assumptions about mini-geopolitical conditions and macroeconomic and capital market factors, including but not limited to interests in foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investments spending, mergers and acquisitions and the label of debt capital markets activity. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty and the results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation and in the quarter exchange rate. Specifically, our full cost for the remainder of 2019 reflects exchange rates for the British Pound of $1.30 and for the Euro, $1.12. We are affirming the full year of 2019 guidance metrics we laid out on the February earnings call. We still expect revenue and operating expenses to each increase in the mid-single digit percent range. Operating expense guidance includes depreciation and amortization, acquisition-related expenses and restructuring charges. Of note, we are not expecting a significant ramp in expenses from the first to the fourth quarter of 2019 as we start to realize savings from the restructuring program. The 2019 operating margin and adjusted operating margin are still anticipated to be approximately 43% and 48% respectively. We continue to expect net interest expense in the rate of $200 million to $225 million and a full year effective tax rate in the range of 21% to 22%, notwithstanding the low actual rate of the first quarter of the year. Diluted and adjusted diluted EPS is toward expected to be $7.30 to $7.55 and $7.85 to $8.10 respectively. For a full list of our guidance, please refer to table [Technical Difficulty] as we continue to anticipate total full year revenue increase in the low single digit percent range with growth weighted more towards the second half of the year as the year-over-year comparable becomes easier. We are now expecting higher contribution from U.S. corporate bonds with lower contribution from loans and to a lesser extent from CLOs and U.S. public finance issuance. We continue to believe that issuance will be flat down 5% in comparison to 2018. We also expect approximately 900 first-time mandates in 2019. The MIS adjusted operating margin is expected to be approximately 58% in 2019. For MA, we still anticipate total revenue to increase in the low double digit percent range as we recognize the strong sales growth at Bureau van Dijk and benefit from the stability of recurring revenue from the core RD&A business in ERS transition to a SaaS-based model. The MA adjusted operating margin is still expected to expand 250 to 300 basis points, the 29% to 30% range in 2019. I'd like to spend a moment discussing our approach to capital management. We remain committed to long term leverage anchored around a Triple B+ rating which we believe appropriately balances our cost of capital with financing flexibility. Our debt maturity go well distributed with no significant debt coming due until September 2020. As I've noted previously, we have a robust and disciplined approach to capital allocation. As a first priority, we invest or reinvest in activities that support our strategic priorities. Following that, we look to return excess capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Before turning to Q&A, I would like to note a few takeaways. We remain confident in Moody's ability to deliver revenue growth and margin stability in 2019. We continue to defend and enhance our core ratings and research businesses. At the same time, we will keep pursuing strategic growth opportunities both down the corporate credit permit and across into new geographies and adjacent product areas, remaining grounded in technology-enabled product, services and capabilities. Finally, we will maintain our disciplined and thoughtful approach to capital management and the return of free cash flow.
Ray McDaniel: Thank you, Mark. This concludes our prepared remarks and joining Mark and me for the question-and-answer session are Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics and Rob Fauber, President of Moody's Investor Services. We will be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Good morning, guys. My first question was just around, do you know that credit for a minute and business adjacency side that you had, commercial real estate and ESG, those makes sense? Can you just help me understand the cyber risk aspect of it and then maybe just briefly what other areas would you consider as business adjacencies? 
Ray McDaniel: Sure. Manav, we're really looking at areas of financial markets, where we think that they are underserved in the form of standards that help to understand measure and manage risk. So, certainly the interest in certain areas of ESG and cybersecurity are things that have drawn increasing attention from investors, from regulatory authorities and as a result are important, increasingly important for the issuer community and the MIS side and for a variety of institutions that Moody's Analytics serves. And we believe that as adjacencies to credit risk areas of ESG and cybersecurity are going to be folded into the overall financial analysis and investing that is done on a going forward basis. So, really what we're looking at is trying to align our products and services with what investors and customers are increasingly focusing themselves on and where we believe standards can be implemented that is going to create more efficiency in markets and among customer transactions. That's really the thesis here.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. Got it. And then if I could just follow-up on the capital allocation, so with leverage already yet, I guess two times, and I think you said in the slide that you expect leverage to keep declining. So, does that mean the focus is still on de-leveraging versus buyback so maybe there's some M&A and the talks there as well?
Ray McDaniel: Sure, Manav and thanks for the question. Leverage ticked up a little bit in the first quarter really due to the lower first quarter adjusted operating income and some of our commercial paper borrowing. And we do expect leverage to decline over the remainder of the year, of course, this is subject to market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decision. Our approach to capital allocation remains consistent with that. We followed exactly, they're primarily looking firstly for investing in growth opportunities either through reinvestment in the business or through acquisitions. And then to the extent those opportunities are not available certainly to return capital either through dividends or through share repurchases.
Operator: We'll now hear from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan: Hi, good afternoon. When you look at the first quarter outside of the lower tax rate, I guess results in line with your expectations. And where I'm coming from is, I think top line you had sort of the week structured results, but that was offset by strong ERS, but margins were a little bit later than what I was thinking. And I know MIS was pressured by the revenue decline and it's just MA didn't really offset that. So, I guess given that you're not expecting the tax benefit to sustain through the year, did you contemplate lowering guidance or did your expectations for the rest of the year get better?
Ray McDaniel: I think the fairest answer Toni is that our expectations have remained largely the same. So, the fact that we affirmed guidance really across the board for both MIS and MA and then Moody's Corp as a whole, indicates that the first quarter was not a surprise to us and is pretty much in line with where we expected to be overall. Obviously, the strength in Moody's Analytics was very welcome, but we had expected some challenge with MIS given the very strong first quarter that we saw in 2018. We did expect it to be off from that level.  Okay. And based on that, I guess it sounds like you're sort of expecting that MIS was going to be roughly around where it came in. I guess are you are more or less confident maybe in MIS revenue guide of -- for the year and was structured worse than you expected in the quarter; how do you think structure sort of plays out from here? I know you mentioned the different mix of -- versus what you're maybe originally expecting but maybe Robbie could give us a little bit of commentary on sort of the environment now. Thank you.
Rob Fauber: This is Rob. So we can expand on that but I would say support and guidance we're still holding to our overall outlook for issuance of -- kind of flat to down 5%. And again, we can talk a little bit about that touching specifically on structure the first thing I would highlight is we had the reclassification of restructured into corporate finance. The big story structure this quarter was really around CLO's -- CLO formation -- new CLO formation held up pretty well generally in line with prior year quarter but it was really around the refi's and resets that we saw a significant decline in activity and that says we saw you know wider triple-A liability spreads and that really weakened the economics for CLO's. That said you know looking forward to structured finance, we -- the pipeline I would say is generally improving and I think that -- this includes CLO's. We've seen improvement in deal activity in CLO's each month of the quarter from a very slow start in January. We've seen CLO really pick up in March is continuing to be active into April. We have an active pipeline of CLO but that said that the refi and reset activity continues to be significantly below prior levels and any other you know kind of big piece of structure finances round CMBS and you know market activity was pretty good there in the first quarter. The mix was skewed heavily towards these single asset single Bar reveals versus conduits. That resulted in some smaller deal sizes and we're continuing to see that so we're seeing good increased engagement but smaller deal size in CMBS.
Operator: We have Alex Kramm from UBS for our next question.
Alex Kramm: Maybe this is for Rob as well but can you just broaden your comments a little bit on your expectations for maybe the corporate issuance environment I think a quarter ago we asked about you know increasing the hearing you know CFO saying they want to deliver I mean you yourself are saying you know you keeping leverage pretty low. So, I guess what are still the items that you're watching and what are you hearing form issuers, how they're thinking about your leverage levels, appetites for CapEx, M&A etc. 
Mark Kaye: Alex, thank you for the question. This is Mark. Rob and I actually both can comment on this particular question. I'll first provide the perspective we're hearing externally from some of the banks and then I'll turn it over to Rob, who will follow up with our internal viewpoints. On the banking side in the U.S., banks primarily noticed the devilish faith commentary, still low yields and tightening spreads, which they believe is supported a strong start to the year for investment grade bonds and to a lesser extent high-yield bonds. While the tone from banks was quite positive on the start of the year, a concern does remain around potentially slowing economic growth in recession risk, which is I'd say briefly accentuated by the temporarily inversion of the yield curve. As a result, expectations are now for U.S. benchmark rates to remain lower for longer. This view on benchmarks rate is one of the factors that we believe or at least the banks believe contributed to a lowest U.S leverage loan issuance and a shift towards high-yield bond issuance. If I turn to Europe and what we heard from the banks is that the investment grade market is seeing some of the right dynamics to U.S. investment grade. And you can see this in the tenured buns where the yield recently went negative half of the first time since mid-2016 and it's obviously currently hovering around the zero. Correspondingly, the banks are seeing a sharp decline in the number of investment grade floating rate issuances year today compared to the same period in 2018 and they raise favorable relative value dynamics that continue to encourage reverse yanky [ph] issuance as the bank's estimated around 30% of supply year-to-date has come from U.S. companies issuing in Europe. And then lastly, in the high-yield bond market issuance did stop the year slowed but so considerable pickup in March. And of course, Brexit remains a focus and a potential downside.
Mark Almeida: Maybe to add to that, Mark, I don't think we've seen a structural shift since we put together, certainly our views for the year in terms of how companies are thinking about financing. As I said, we're continuing to hold to that zero to down 5% that the biggest risk really to the current instruments outlook is probably around bank loans. Mark noted in regards to the street views and you have less opportunistic refi, the flattening of the yield curve and this issuer and an investor rotation out of bank loans and that's all contributing to the softness that we're seeing there. And I think we're going to need to see some further spread tightening to improve bank loan issuance volumes for the rest of the year. So, we remain cautious on the bank loan space along with the decline in bank loans, softer outlook for CLOs. Again, record refi activity in 2018. And that's really begun to decelerate again, amidst these wider spreads that I talked about. I think some modest upside to our original outlook in investment grade and that's supported by opportunistic refinancing. Again, with rates coming in, spreads coming in and M&A activity as well. We continue to see very healthy M&A activity underpinning the market. We also see some upside to high yield and this is the flip side of the rotation from bank loans into high yield. And we're keeping an eye out on U.S. public finance. Again, we all know that was impacted from the tax law changes around the advanced refundings. As a result, first quarter of 2018 was a pretty modest comparable because we had pull forward into 4Q '17. So, that's an area where we have been expecting higher growth relative to the other higher issuance growth relative to the other sectors. And all-in-all, I think -- as I think forward to the just now, the next several months I think the risk from bank loans and CLS is probably modestly outweighing the outsides from U.S. investment grade and high yield.
Alex Kramm: Okay. Thank you for that. Just very quickly on ERS. I think you gave it a lot of good detail on this whole move to more recurring. But maybe I missed this, but can you just talk about the first quarter and the near-term outlook here a little bit. Was there a bunch of one time-ish stuff that happened in the first quarter? Was it a little bit more transactional and maybe flesh out why? And I think about this business now is maybe growing consistently sequentially versus very seasonally as more assessments, I guess. my question is, is the second court a little bit of a sequential down tick? Maybe because there was something big in the first quarter. Thank you. 
Mark Kaye: Alex, it's Mark. The short answer to your question is no. The first quarter strength was really driven by very good results, on the subscription side of the business. So that really is what drove the 19% growth. And we just had very good strength across the business. All of the regions were up double digits. All of the product lines were up double digits. So, we did quite well across ERS in the first quarter. As ray said, we don't expect that the first quarter result is something that we'll be able to sustain through the full year. But we are expecting a strong year in ERS, particularly coming off of a down year last year because as we said at the end of last year, we feel like we've made the transition and we've turned the corner from being a predominantly SaaS-oriented or subscription-based business. And the runoff in the one-time business is now being offset by a very good strength and continued growth on the subscription side. So, we feel good about what we are and think it really validates our whole product strategy in ERS. I just remind everybody that the strategy behind ERS is that we use the ERS product to deliver Moody's analytics specialized data and analytical capabilities and we engineer platforms that address very specific customer problems. For example, we're working with many customers in the United States who need to adopt the CECL Accounting Standard that's, analytically rather complex. And it draws very directly on specific capabilities that we've got in Moody's analytics. And so, ERS has engineered a platform aimed directly at that customer problem. We've got a similar situation with insurers who are having to adopt the forthcoming IFRS ‘17 accounting standard, a similar story there more broadly. And we've worked with a lot of banks who are working hard to digitize and bring efficiency in their loan origination and credit assessment processes, particularly around lending to small and medium sized enterprises, our new credit lens platform is designed to enable that kind of digitization and efficiency. So, I think the results you're seeing are really a validation of the strategy that we're pursuing in ERS. 
Operator: Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray has the next question.
Peter Appert: Thank you. Good morning. I'm just sticking with Mr. Almeda. Mark, can you talk about the longer-term margin targets please for the analytics business? Any new thoughts in terms of where you thinking could go, given the strength we're seeing currently? And then I'll give you my follow-up and advance also from Mark on REE's and BVD. Just an update in terms of what you're seeing in those business, the size of the REE's opportunity, and whether you're continuing to see the same new sales momentum at BVD you enjoyed last year. Thank you. 
Ray McDaniel: Peter, on the margin, we feel good about the margin. We feel like we continue to make very good progress there. The first quarter was particularly strong. But we have not set a specific target or sort of a ceiling on where we think we can go with the margin. We continue to pursue expense management efforts as well as continue to drive growth in what is increasingly a subscription-oriented business. So, that implies lots of scalability. So, if we can drive good growth on the top line, we ought to be able to continue to add to our expanding margins. So, I think the first quarter we had a bit of a benefit from the elimination of that deferred revenue haircut in Bureau van Dijk last year. Frankly, that only accounted for about a third of the margin expansion that we're reporting. So, most of the margin expansion was coming from the rest of the Moody's Analytics business and a very significant chunk of that was from ERS. So, we're going to continue doing what we've been doing, which I think will allow us to continue on the path of consistent but gradual improvement in the margin from quarter-to-quarter. Again, the best way to look at that will be to look at it on a trailing 12 months basis because in any discreet quarter we're probably going to get some -- we can get some weird behavior either on the top line or on the expense line, but on a trailing 12 months basis, I think you'll continue to see good margin expansion in MA.  To your questions about recent Bureau van Dijk, I'll take Bureau van Dijk first, the business continues to perform very well. We're very happy with what's happening in that business on a standalone basis, if you will, as well as with respect to cross-selling and products synergies that we are pursuing in a very disciplined way. So, I'm BVD continues to perform well. I mean, frankly, if you look at the Bureau van Dijk business, we took a pretty big hit on FX in the first quarter, but on an underlying basis, on a constant currency basis. We still had very strong growth in Bureau van Dijk. So, the underlying business is performing quite well. And as I said, our cross-selling and product synergies are starting to kick in very much in line with our expectations. Within REE's, I'd say that business is also going very much according to expectations. I think what we are hearing very clearly from our customers is that they very much welcome Moody's involvement in the REE's business. There's a clear interest in the opportunities to combine the REE's data, which is quite extensive and very unique with some of the specialized content and analytics that Moody's offers. People, the customers have indicated to us that they fully subscribed to and validate the hypothesis that we've had about the impact that we can have in bringing more insight and more analytic capabilities to the commercial real estate business. So, we're very encouraged by the response we're getting from customers. Having said that, there's still a lot of work for us to do there, but we feel very good about the path we're on and the opportunities to grow that business.
Operator: Now, moving to a question from Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald. 
Joseph Foresi: Hi. I was wondering, sticking with analytics, how much is the change in the business model versus, I guess, strengthened demand. I'm just trying to get a sense of whether there was an uptick for the products in general or as you said, BVD is being integrated and you're starting to see some of the Shasta services change take place.
Ray McDaniel: I would say it's definitely both. I think some of the shifts that we've made in business model, particularly in ERS and also to some degree, in our training business is definitely enabling us to deliver much more scalable and therefore profitable solutions. But having said that, the underlying demand for the kinds of things that we're doing that are driven by new accounting, that are driven bank's desires to improve the efficiency of their SME lending practices, that underlying demand is also very important element of this as well.
Joseph Foresi: And then my second question is just on the margin opportunity, you talked about the second half potentially being better than the first half. Maybe you could give us a cadence there. And I'm just wondering, should we think of this as guidance on the margin side? Is set for what the expectations are on the top line from issuance and anything above would be beneficial to the margins and we'd see further expansion? How should we think about that in the second half of the year? 
Ray McDaniel: Yes. I mean it's right. Generally speaking, yes. That we see an uptick in issuance, particularly if its issuance from institutions that we already have a rating relationship with, that's going to be a margin friendly scenario. We've talked about on previous calls a little bit, about the desirability of the new mandates because they create new relationships which benefit us in the going forward years. But in terms of the highest margin uptake, it would come from existing issuers, rated issuers who choose to go back into the market. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo. 
Bill Warmington: Good afternoon, everyone. So, first question on MIS. Issuance excluding for the overall market issuance, excluding sovereign debt was down about 14%. MIS revenue was down about 7%. That would seem to be some notable outperformance there. And I wanted to see if you felt that was a fair assessment. Are there other specific factors you feel enabled you to outperform the market this quarter or is it really a function of mix of other extraneous factors?
Rob Fauber: Hey, Bill, it's Rob, I'll take that and I think you've got to keep in mind that about 40% of the revenue is recurring and that revenue this quarter was growing at about 1%. That provides a nice kind of ballast. The transaction revenue was down 11% compared to that issuance down 14%. And if you allow for call it low single digit price, the mixed factors this quarter were, I would say, a minor contributor to the delta.
Bill Warmington: Got it. And then a question for you on ESG. We noted the [indiscernible] acquisition. I just to ask if you could frame what you consider to be the ESG opportunity for Moody's. When does it actually start to move the needle? Has it started to move the needle?
Ray McDaniel: I'll lead off and then Rob may want to add. In terms of the commercial opportunity, it's only days. We will have to see how much the increasing investor in customer interest in ESG translates into a robust commercial opportunity. And we'll obviously keep you informed as we move forward with that. The level of interest though in ESG, cyber security, cyber scoring is very high. And it's particularly high in Europe. And it's growing everywhere. So, that says to us that if we can develop standards, if we can develop the vocabulary on a rigorous, consistent, analytically robust basis for communicating to the marketplace about developments with entities in ESG, that the likelihood of us having a promising commercial opportunity is quite high. So, Rob...
Rob Fauber: That's right. I mean it's still a relatively small fragmented, evolving industry as Ray said, looking for standards. I would say for us there's a standalone commercial opportunity as Ray described, but it's also increasingly relevant to the work that we're doing in the rating agency and also brought more broadly across [indiscernible] customer base. You think about banks, insurance companies, corporate professional services firms all increasingly interested in some form of ESG or cyber kind of content. And that's what's driving it here.
Mark Kaye: And I would just add, there is also increasing regulatory interest and policy maker interest in disclosure around ESG in measuring ESG factors of various kinds. And when you get that kind of regulatory push historically in other areas, that has translated into product and service opportunities for us. So, I would be hopeful we would see the same phenomenon here.
Operator: Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets will have the next question.
Jeff Silber: Thank you so much. I was hoping you could give us an update on some of the progress that you've made, if any, ratings in China.
Ray McDaniel: Sure. I think as we've talked about on previous calls, we do have a joint venture in China, entity called CCXI. It is the largest rating agency in China. It has been the most successful a rating agency I think both in terms of its coverage and financially. So, we are very interested in continuing with that joint venture relationship. What that translates into in terms of having a separate license for Moody's to operate in the domestic market, I think is uncertain at this point. It may be that the Chinese would prefer us to operate either through CCXI or on our own as a Moody's. And we will just have to see as their thinking evolves, we make our views as clear as we can, but we are very interested in staying with the joint venture and that would influence how we think about the domestic market opportunity. Now, that being said, we still have very good coverage in the cross-border markets for Chinese institutions that are active internationally. We expect that to continue. And we've had a good growth in that stock of rating relationships. So, that's all continuing as it has been. And I guess just the last thing I would add is one of the attractions of the joint venture is that it is actually licensed top rate in both the interbank market and the exchange traded market. And so, the interbank market being larger, the exchange traded market being the faster growing market. And that makes that platform, again, particularly attractive to us.
Jeff Silber: Okay, great. If I could shift gears to your outlook for this year. Forgive me, I don't have last quarter's press release in front of me, but if I compare the details on your table this quarter with the last quarter, is there anything to call out besides just the changes in the FX rates?
Ray McDaniel: There are no changes in our outlook or a guidance that we're providing today, visit what we provided in mid-April.
Operator: Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners will have the next question.
Craig Huber: Thank you. I'll start with China as well. REE's preference to be all allowed to operate as a Moody's standalone in China and also have the JV separately. What's your ideal situation how this could be structured for your batch when things are complicated with this JV arrangement you have? And along those same lines, can you just talk a little bit further about in China, how you kind of view the corporate market, for example, of any potential pent up demand for, is it called third-party or U.S. rating agencies to come in there where there's a lot of pent up demand for ratings of being called out by the companies out there and stuff. Looking for that.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. Craig. I think rather than what our preference is, it's probably best to look at this through the lens of what the priorities are for the Chinese policy makers in terms of their thinking about how they would like to see participation in their market and what the nature of that participation would be. Certainly, they don't want to see disruptive activities with respect to their market. And so, they're conscious of participants in the market operating in ways that are going to be conducive to smooth market growth and the steady development of credit risk analysis and related solutions that might come from institutions like Moody's Analytics.  They're also interested in attracting foreign capital. And in attracting foreign capital, they are certainly aware of the fact that international investors interested in deploying capital into China would be interested in hearing from international institutions such as Moody's about risk and related research. So, the agenda that includes attracting foreign capital includes market stability, includes a desire for reform without disruption. All of that has to be placed into a mix. And I think honestly, I think it's still relatively early days in terms of how exactly that will play out. There is probably an element to the trade negotiations that factors into this as well, but we'll just have to see as that moves forward.
Craig Huber: And then also if I could ask on the cost side, it's just sort of market source to think about the cadence for cost growth over the remaining three quarters to be relative to what you have here in the first quarter and I guess one more -- it's the back half that will be helped by the restructuring you guys have done here last couple of quarters and stuff but normally things go up, the cost goes up or the year goes on particularly in the fourth quarter sequentially and stuff, how do you see the cadence playing out this year in the scheme of being up bit single digits for the full year? And then my housekeeping question is, what was incentive comp in the first quarter versus a year ago, please? Thanks
Mark Almeida: Thanks for the question. The most prominent factors in the expense growth that we saw this quarter and we're related to hiring and merits, and this is primarily due to the impact of hiring in prior periods. Now obviously we've spoken about our ability and our desire to continue to invest selectively in lower cost location. I'd also note that the expense growth is due to the inorganic activity from REE's and Omega, and then certainly our restructuring charge. Now thinking forward, we are not expecting a significant ramping in expenses from the first to the fourth quarter, and specifically as we start to realize savings from the restructuring program. If I have to quantify that I'd say expenses with ram somewhere between -- somewhere around $10 million in the first of the fourth quarter, and I don't think this will necessarily be linearly -- and just by the way of comparison last year's expense ramp was $15 million, so there is a meaningful reduction this year. And on the housekeeping item related to incentive comp, the amount that we booked this quarter was approximately $47 million for the quarter and that is very much in line with the guidance we gave in February around -- which is around $50 million per quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from Timothy McHugh with William Blair & Company.
Timothy McHugh: Yes, just to phone up a little bit on the expense side. I guess to talk about why the expense is taking I guess the savings from the restructuring are taking time to flow through. Is it people didn't leave the business or immediately after the restructuring; I guess, just help me understand -- I guess, the timing aspect of the savings.
Mark Almeida: Sure, and again thank you for the question. And we did communicate the time that we announced our restructuring program that we would begin to see those savings emerge really in the second half of the year. And that's because the restructuring savings encompasses really three areas of those real estate management, a second relates to people, and third really relates to ongoing oversight of various projects and initiatives.We are on-track I would say to achieve the total restructuring plan target that we have updated earlier in the year and that would lead to an anticipated annualized pretax saving amount of $40 million to $50 million.And I would say that we do expect a larger Q2 restructuring charge to be booked as vis-à-vis what we see now in Q1 and that may push us to be slightly above the high-end of the previously communicated $70 million to $80 million range. So, in brief, I would say that we are certainly on-track and this is playing out exactly as we expected. And we are executing the actions that we have committed to.
Timothy McHugh: Okay. And then can I follow-up, as we think about then the expense is not ramping as much as it is normal. Is it simply that I guess the savings from that restructuring charge or is there any change as we think about the ongoing hiring and pace of investment across the year. I guess are you also constraining how quickly your current incremental investments from here are going to happen as we go on or is it simply the savings will flow through later in the year. Trying to understand the ongoing kind of investment and spending levels for the rest of the year now in this environment.
Mark Almeida: Sure. I think there is certainly an expectation that both variables will impact the ramp which obviously includes the timing of hiring and there is also the element of incentive compensation which will flex based on how the external environment emerges. And we are certainly in both businesses actively utilizing the opportunities available to us in lower cost location, and I think a combination of those factors is really what's influencing the fact that expense ramp this year is relatively flat, especially vis-à-vis postures.
Operator: We'll now take a question from George Tong with Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, you have Ryan [ph] on for George, thanks for taking my question. In regards to your issuance guidance for 2019 that you reiterated, could you discuss any changes within the guidance as it relates to the composition of MIS revenue?
Ray McDaniel: There are some adjustments we've made internally, for example, expectations around the volume of floating rate versus fixed rate debt in the corporate finance area. But overall, it's netting out so that our expectations remain consistent. The adjustments are incremental and offsetting.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the question-and-answer session. I'll turn the call back over to Mr. Ray McDaniel for any additional or closing remarks.
Ray McDaniel : Okay, thank you very much, everybody. And before we go I just would like you to note two additional items. First, we are amending our quarterly quite period to now run from the 16th of the last month of each calendar quarter to after that quarter's earnings call. So I've been asked to tell you to please consider this timing when contacting Investor Relations to request meetings and calls. Secondly, we expect to attend the conferences listed here in the next two months in New York, London and Chicago, and please contact your representatives to request a meeting with Moody's management at these events. And again, I want to thank you for joining today's call and we look forward to speaking with you again in the summer.
Operator: And this concludes Moody's first quarter 2019 earnings call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the Company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the first quarter 2019 earnings section of Moody's IR home page. Additionally, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 PM Eastern Time on Moody's IR website. Thank you.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-15 11:30:00) =====
Presentation:
Operator: Good day, and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody’s Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for question and answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relation and Strategic Capital Management. Please go ahead ma'am.
Salli Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning everyone. And thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody’s fourth quarter and full years 2018 results, as well as our current outlook for full year 2019. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations and Strategic Capital Management. This morning, Moody’s released its results for the fourth quarter and full year 2018, as well as our current outlook for full year 2019. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our Web site at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer will lead this morning conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Mark Kaye, Moody’s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release filed this morning for a reconciliation between all adjusted measures mentioned during this call and GAAP. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the management's discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and another SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our Web site and on the SEC's Web site. These together with the Safe Harbor statements set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media maybe on the call this morning in a listen only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel: Thank you, Sally. Good morning. And thank you to everyone for joining today's call. As we begin, I would like to note that we have revised our approach to our earnings call to focus more of our commentary on the factors underlying our financial results. We hope you will find this helpful and as always welcome your feedback. Additionally, we have changed our disclosure of certain guidance metrics in an effort to provide greater transparency in areas that are most relevant and predictable. Mark Kaye will go into greater detail and the guidance changes shortly. I will begin by summarizing Moody's full year and fourth quarter 2018 financial results. Mark will then follow with comments on our outlook for 2019. After our prepared remarks, we’ll be happy to respond to your questions. During full year 2018, Moody's achieved strong results, driven by robust performance of Moody's analytics, prudent expense management and the benefit of a lower effective tax rate offsetting weaker than expected global debt issuance in the fourth quarter. Full year 2018 adjusted operating margins increased across the corporation, including at both Moody’s Investor Service and Moody's Analytics. Adjusted diluted EPS grew 22% year-over-year. In the fourth quarter, Moody's total revenue declined 9%. As you're aware, we experienced a difficult issuance environment with high yield bond activity, the weakest since the global financial crisis. MA revenue, which does not correlate with debt capital markets activity, grew 5% led by strong RD&A performance. Despite top line softness in MIS, Moody's Corporation adjusted operating margin increased by 40 basis points for the quarter. Our improved operating leverage combined with a lower effective tax rate grew adjusted diluted EPS by 8% year-over-year. As you can see in the charts on Slide 7, adjusted operating margin increased in both MIS and MA by over 150 basis points in the fourth quarter of 2018. This was due to expense efficiency initiatives across both businesses, lower accruals for incentive compensation in MIS and the roll off of Bureau van Dijk's deferred revenue haircut in MA. On our last earnings call, we announced a restructuring plan. The restructuring charge we took in the fourth quarter of $49 million exceeded our previously announced range of $30 million to $40 million due to the acceleration of staff reductions and acquisition integration, which together also allowed for real estate rationalization. Our total restructuring program is now expected to be in the $70 million to $80 million through the first half of 2019. We are increasing our anticipated annualized pretax savings to a range of $40 million to $50 million, which is $10 million higher than the range we previously announced. We will begin to realize the majority of the annualized run rate savings in the second half of 2019. These savings will create financial flexibility for various capital market conditions and provide options to reinvest in our business or bolster margins. We believe that the restructuring charge, acquisition synergies and other cost management efforts will contribute to margin stability in full year 2019. After announcing the Bureau van Dijk acquisition, we focused on deleveraging and successfully reduced our net debt balance in 2018. In December, we issued $800 million in bonds. The pie chart on the right shows that $450 million was used to pay down senior notes that were coming due in July 2019. A portion of the proceeds was also used to pay down our remaining outstanding term loan in commercial paper. As a result of this financing, we do not have further debt maturing until September 2020. In the fourth quarter of 2018, issuance was impacted by a variety of geopolitical and macroeconomic concerns, leading to market and interest rate volatility as well as widening spreads. Notably, there was no U.S. high yield bond issuance activity in December. Even with these challenges, economic fundamentals remain sound in developed markets with stable U.S. and European economic growth and unemployment rates at multiyear lows. The drop in global debt issuance of almost 30% in the fourth quarter of 2018 led to a smaller decline in MIS revenue of 18%, demonstrating the strength of the business model. MIS' revenue was buttressed through its recurring revenue base was supported by increased monitoring fees from recent new mandates as well as pricing. For MA, total revenue grew 5% in the fourth quarter or 7% excluding the negative impact from foreign exchange. RD&A revenue grew 17% due to Bureau van Dijk strengthened the core business and contribution from the REE's acquisition. Bureau van Dijk added $90 million of revenue in the fourth quarter at a 48.2% adjusted operating margin. As expected, ERS revenue declined by 17% in the quarter as we continue to transition to a software-as-a-service or SaaS operating model. We anticipate ERS revenue growth to resume in 2019. I would like to provide additional details about our progress with SaaS transition and ERS. The chart on this slide illustrates 2018 slight decline in total revenue as 15% growth in subscription revenue was offset by 28% decline in one-time revenue from software licenses and services. Due to the shift in product mix, recurring revenue as a share of total ERS -- as a percent of the total ERS business, reached 77% in 2018, up from 69% at the end of 2017. Expansion of the recurring revenue base will drive ERS revenue growth in 2019 despite our expectation of a further contraction in one-time revenues. This year's revenue outlook is supported by 12% growth in 2018 sales of subscription products, which lifted aggregate ERS sales by 6% despite 10% decline in sales of one-time software licenses and services. The acceleration in total ERS sales growth since early 2018 indicates that we've worked through the inflection point in the SaaS transition. Importantly, the expansion of our subscription business enhances the profitability of ERS, contributing to our expectation of further improvement in MA's adjusted operating margin in 2019. In terms of business fundamentals, our outlook for ERS reflects solid demand from banks and insurers for analytical tools that enable adoption of new accounting standards in next-generation products that support automation trends. Before turning the call over to Mark to discuss our full year 2019 outlook, I'd like to take a moment to review Moody's ongoing strategic priorities. We continue to defend and enhance our core ratings and research businesses, while pursuing strategic growth opportunities, both down the corporate credit pyramid and across into new geographies and adjacent product areas. We are focused on providing information, insights, solutions and standards to promote market transparency and fairness. Both are necessary conditions for market confidence, which in turn supports healthy financial markets overtime. Underpinning these efforts, we are enhancing our technology infrastructure to enable automation, innovation and efficiency and remain supportive of the diverse and inclusive workforce. Our recent acquisition Reis, which closed on October 15, 2018 is a good example of expansion into adjacent product areas. Reis, a leading provider of U.S. Commercial Real Estate or CRE data, has built a unique data set over four years. We have observed growing demand from our asset management, banking and insurance customers for a reliable source of integrated information and analytics to support management of their substantial exposures to CRE. By combining Reis proprietary data with MA's specialized expertise, Moody's is powerfully positioned to meet the need for standards that enhance operational efficiency and analytical precision in this market. I'll now turn the call over to Mark to review our outlook for 2019.
Mark Kaye: Thank you. As I alluded to you at an industry conference call in late 2018, we are enhancing the transparency around certain of our guidance metrics, while at the same time curtailing other metrics where we feel there is less value to providing them, or they are inherently difficult to accurately predict. For 2019, we have added MIS and MA adjusted operating margin segment guidance, as well as net interest expense guidance. We removed Reis revenue guidance at the sub-segments or line of business level. I want to emphasize that our reporting of actual results will remain unchanged. And in particular, we will keep reporting sub-segment revenue results every quarter in our earnings press releases and in our SEC filings. Moody's outlook for 2019 is based on assumptions about many geopolitical conditions and macroeconomic and capital market factors, including but not limited to, interest in foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, mergers and acquisition, and the level of debt capital markets activity. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty and results for the year could defer materially from our current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at the end of the fourth quarter 2018 exchange rates. Specifically, our full cost reflects exchange rates for the British pound of $1.27 and for the euro of $1.14. Slide 18 outlines variety of drivers we considered when setting up 2019 guidance. I will mention a few key items now. For MIS, we believe that stable economic fundamentals of GDP growth of 2% to 3% in the U.S. and 1% to 2% in Europe will underpin global debt issuance activity. However, market volatility may moderate the pace of new mandates includes their ability in annual global debt issuance. For MA, product innovations will unable sustained core RD&A growth. ERS revenue growth should resume as the transition from licenses and services to SaaS based product has passed the inflection point. We remain on track to achieve our Bureau van Dijk run rate synergy targets of approximately $45 million by year end 2019. As Ray outlined earlier, companywide, annualized pretax savings as a result of our restructuring activities are now anticipated to be in the $40 million to $50 million range with an estimated pretax savings of $30 million to $35 million in 2019. We will continue to strategically manage our real estate footprint and hiring activities. As you can see from this slide, we have been able to achieve high-single digit revenue growth over the last four years and concurrently grow the adjusted operating margin by 170 basis points. This has allowed us to generate incremental free cash flow. For 2019, we are forecasting revenue growth in the mid single-digit percent range and adjusted operating margin of approximately 48%, and free cash flow in the range of $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion despite our flat to down issuance outlook. Listed here are additional items for Moody's guidance in 2019. A complete list of Moody's guidance is included in table 13 of our fourth quarter 2018 earnings press release, which can be found in Moody’s Investor relations Web site at IR.moodys.com. In 2019, we forecast global debt issuance to be flat to down 5% driven by volatility and spread widening relative to 2018. We also expect moderating M&A, new CLO formations and refinancing of leverage debt. The chart on the right shows our forecast for slower pace of the new mandates in 2019 relative to the past two years. These headwinds will be partially offset by an expanding global economy, deployment of investor cash balances and low credit defaults. Upcoming refinancing needs and the already announced 2019 M&A transactions provide a base for upcoming issuance activity. For MIS, we expect total revenue to increase in the low single digit percent range as we execute on our ability to grow revenue despite the issuance headwinds I just spoke about. We project that capital market conditions will be more constructive than in the fourth quarter of 2018, but believe that the full year 2019 market environment will be more difficult on average than 2018. Overall, we see positive economic fundamentals, moderating declines in M&A and refinancing activity. Tighter investment grade and speculative rate spreads along with still low, although slightly rising default rate should support more constructive issuance markets in the second half of the year. In the last few weeks, issuance markets have improved following the Federal Reserve's recent announcement. We have seen healthy U.S. investment grade issuance activity and the return of U.S. speculative grade issuers to the markets, following a historically slow December month. We will continue to monitor monitory policy along the other macro and geopolitical factors affecting the credit market. We expect MIS adjusted operating margin to be approximately 58% in 2019. We will manage our expense base and implement technology to increase efficiency in our ratings processes. However, we also have to account for a reset of the incentive compensation pulled back to 100% assuming of course we meet our full year operation targets. We are investing in the MIS business to support our strategy of expansion into the Chinese and Latin American markets, pursuing opportunities and adjacency and enhancing our technology infrastructure. For MA, we expect total revenue to increase in the low double digit percent range, underpinned by strong sales growth in the second half of 2018. We anticipate broad based strength across all product areas and businesses. The drag from FX will be offset by the acquired gross from Omega Performance and Reis thus constant dollar organic growth is also projected to increase in the low double digits percent range. We anticipate MA adjusted operating margin increasing 250 to 350 basis points, the 29% to 30% range in 2019. This improvement has several primary drivers, including a combination from strong sales growth of Bureau van Dijk and the ERS transition to more SaaS based offerings, which improves both recurring revenue and earnings predictability. Ongoing discipline and expense management further underpins MA margin expansion, which is bolstered by the role off of Bureau van Dijk to first revenue haircut. In 2019, we plan to return capital through $1 billion of share repurchases and an annualized evidence of $2 per share. Today, Moody’s is pleased to announce a $500 million accelerated share repurchase program that will be completed during the second quarter of 2019. In addition, on February 12th, Moody's Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.50 per share of Moody's common stock, a 14% increase from the prior quarterly dividend of $0.44 per share. This dividend will be payable on 18th of March to stockholders of record at the close of business on the 25th of February. This increased dividend is in line with our target dividend payout ratio of 25% to 30% of adjusted net income. Before turning to Q&A, I would like note a few principal takeaways. We are confident in Moody's ability to deliver revenue growth and drive productivity gains to support strong margins in 2019 despite the relatively weakened global debt issuance outlook. We continue to invest in custom offering of information, insights and solutions and standards that enhance market transparency. Finally, we will maintain our disciplined and thoughtful approach to capital management.
Ray McDaniel: Thank you, Mark. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining with Mark and me for the question-and-answer session are Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics and Rob Fauber, President of Moody's Investors Service. We'd be pleased take any questions you may have questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Toni Kaplan:
Mark Almeida:
RobFauber:
Operator: And our next question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Manav Patnaik:
Ray McDaniel:
Mark Kaye:
Manav Patnaik:
Ray McDaniel:
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm:
Ray McDaniel:
Rob Fauber:
Alex Kramm:
Rob Fauber:
Ray McDaniel:
Operator: And our next question is with Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Peter Appert:
Mark Almeida:
Peter Appert:
Mark Almeida:
Operator: And our next question comes from George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
George Tong:
Ray McDaniel:
George Tong:
Ray McDaniel:
Operator: And our next question comes from Tim McHugh with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Tim Mchugh:
Mark Almeida:
Tim Mchugh:
Mark Almeida:
Tim Mchugh:
Mark Kaye:
Operator: And our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber:
Ray McDaniel:
Craig Huber:
Ray McDaniel:
Operator: And our next question comes from Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Joseph Foresi:
Ray McDaniel:
Joseph Foresi:
Mark Almeida:
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Silber:
Ray McDaniel:
Mark Kaye:
Jeff Silber:
Mark Almeida:
Operator: And our next question comes from Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Bill Warmington:
Ray McDaniel:
Bill Warmington:
Rob Fauber:
Ray McDaniel:
Operator: And our next question comes from Dan Dolev with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Dan Dolev:
Mark Kaye:
Dan Dolev:
Ray McDaniel:
Operator: And our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber:
Ray McDaniel:
Rob Fauber:
Craig Huber:
Ray McDaniel:
Operator: And our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm:
Mark Kaye:
Alex Kramm:
Mark Kaye:
Operator: And Mr. Ray McDaniel there are no further questions at this time.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. Just want to thank everyone for joining us on the call today and we look forward to speaking to you again in the spring. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes Moody's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 earnings call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the Company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 earning section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 p.m. Eastern Time on Moody's IR website. Thank you.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-26 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Maire - Global Head, IR & Communications Raymond McDaniel - President, CEO & Director Mark Kaye - SVP & CFO Robert Fauber - President, Moody's Investors Service Mark Almeida - President, Moody's Analytics
Analysts: Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research Manav Patnaik - Barclays Bank Alexander Kramm - UBS Investment Bank Toni Kaplan - Morgan Stanley Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies Jeffrey Silber - BMO Capital Markets Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners William Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company
Operator: Good day, and welcome ladies and gentlemen, to the Moody's Corporation Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the conference over to Steve Maire, Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications. Please go ahead.
Stephen Maire: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's' third quarter 2018 results, as well as our current outlook for full year 2018. I am Steve Maire, Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications. This morning, Moody's released its results for the third quarter of 2018, as well as our current outlook for full year 2018. The earnings press release and the presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody's' President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Mark Kaye, Moody's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  During this call, we will also be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. Please refer to the table at the end of our earnings press release that was filed this morning for a reconciliation of GAAP to all adjusted and organic measures mentioned during this call. And before we begin, I call your attention to the safe harbor language, which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the SEC's website. These, together with the safe harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I will now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond McDaniel: Thank you, Steve. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. Before we begin, I am pleased to welcome Mark Kaye to his first earnings call. Mark joined Moody's on August 20 as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's third quarter and year-to-date 2018 financial results. Mark Kaye will then follow with additional third quarter financial details and operating highlights. I will conclude with comments on our current outlook for 2018. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. In the third quarter, Moody's revenue of $1.1 billion was up 2% from the third quarter of 2017. This result reflected strong growth for Moody's Analytics, partially offset by a decline at Moody's Investors Service as non-financial corporate debt issuance slowed versus the record level in the prior year period. Operating expenses for the third quarter of 2018 totaled $614 million, approximately flat to the prior year period. Operating income was $467 million, up 4% from the third quarter of 2017. Adjusted operating income of $514 million was up 3%. Foreign currency translation had an immaterial impact on operating income and adjusted operating income. The operating margin was 43.2% and the adjusted operating margin was 47.6%. Moody's diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.59 per share, down 2% from the third quarter of 2017. Adjusted diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.69, up 11%, and excluded $0.10 per share related to amortization of acquired intangible assets. Third quarter 2017 adjusted diluted EPS excluded a $0.23 per share foreign currency hedge gain and $0.12 per share related to amortization of acquired intangible assets and acquisition-related expenses associated with the Bureau van Dijk acquisition. Turning to the year-to-date performance. Moody's revenue for the first nine months of 2018 was a record $3.4 billion, up 11% from the prior year period. U.S. revenue was $1.8 billion, up 3%; and non-U.S. revenue was $1.6 billion, up 23%. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted Moody's revenue by 1%. Moody's Investors Service revenue of $2.1 billion was up 3% from the prior year period. U.S. revenue was $1.3 billion, up 1%; and non-U.S. revenue was $848 million, up 8%. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted MIS revenue by 1%. Moody's Analytics revenue was $1.3 billion, a 28% increase from the prior year period. U.S. revenue of $513 million was up 9% and non-U.S. revenue of $752 million was up 45%.  Foreign currency translation favorably impacted MA revenue by 2%. Organic MA revenue for the first nine months of 2018, which included Bureau van Dijk revenue as of August 11, was $1.1 billion, up 9% from the prior year period. Moody's Corporation operating expenses for the first nine months of 2018 were $1.9 billion, up 12% from the prior year period. This growth was primarily driven by the inclusion of Bureau van Dijk operating expenses as well as incremental compensation related to salary adjustments and hiring, partially offset by lower accruals for 2018 incentive compensation awards. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted expenses by 1%. Operating income was $1.5 billion, up 10% from the first nine months of 2017. Adjusted operating income of $1.6 billion was up 11%. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted operating income and adjusted operating income by 2% each. Moody's operating margin was 44.1%, and its adjusted operating margin was 48.5%. The effective tax rate for the first nine months of 2018 was 21%, down from 29% in the prior year period. The decline was primarily due to lower U.S. statutory tax rate and net uncertain tax position benefits related to a statute of limitations expiration and audit settlement. Primarily due to our expectation for continued lighter debt issuance into the fourth quarter, we are reducing our outlook for full year diluted EPS to a range of $6.95 to $7.10 and adjusted diluted EPS to a range of $7.50 to $7.65. In response, we intend to undertake cost management activities, which will result in a fourth quarter restructuring charge of $30 million to $40 million, and an aggregate charge through the first half of 2019 of $45 million to $60 million. We expect this to result in savings of $20 million to $25 million in 2019, and the aggregate annualized savings of $30 million to $40 million thereafter. I'll now turn the call over to Mark to provide further commentary on our financial results and other operating updates.
Mark Kaye: Thanks, Ray. I'll begin by reviewing third quarter 2018 revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody's total revenue for the third quarter was $1.1 billion, up 2%. U.S. revenue of $560 million was down 5%. Non-U.S. revenue of $521 million was up 10% and represented 48% of Moody's total revenue. Recurring revenue of $619 million was up 16% and represented 57% of total revenue. The impact of foreign currency translation on Moody's revenue was negligible.  Looking now at each of our businesses, starting with Moody's Investors Service. Total MIS revenue for the quarter was $645 million, down 7%. U.S. revenue decreased 10% to $385 million. Non-U.S. revenue of $260 million was down 2% and represented 40% of total MIS revenue. The impact of foreign currency translation on MIS revenue was negligible. Moving to the lines of business for MIS. First, corporate finance revenue for the third quarter was $296 million, down 15%. This result primarily reflected the decline in U.S. investment grade and global high-yield bond issuance activity. U.S. and non-U.S. corporate finance revenues were down 21% and 4%, respectively. Second, structured finance revenue totaled $125 million, down 2%. This result reflected lower U.S. CMBS rated issuance, partially offset by new CLO formation in EMEA and the U.S. U.S. structured finance revenue was down 9% while non-U.S. revenue was up 13%.  Third, financial institutions revenue of $120 million was up 17%, driven by strong issuance activity, primarily from M&A-related financing in the U.S. insurance sector. U.S. financial institutions revenue was up 48% while non-U.S. revenue was down 3%. Fourth, public, project and infrastructure finance revenue of $99 million was down 9%, and primarily reflected a decline in global infrastructure and project finance issuance. U.S. and non-U.S. public, project and infrastructure finance revenues were down 7% and 13%, respectively. Turning now to Moody's Analytics. Total revenue for MA of $436 million was up 18%. U.S. revenue of $175 million was up 9%. Non-U.S. revenue of $261 million was up 26% and represented 60% of total MA revenue. Foreign currency translation had an unfavorable impact on MA revenue of 1 percentage point. Organic MA revenue for the third quarter of 2018, which included Bureau van Dijk revenue as of August 11 was $399 million, up 8% from the prior year period. Moving now to the lines of business for MA. First, research, data and analytics, or RD&A, revenue of $283 million was up 29%. U.S. and non-U.S. RD&A revenues were up 9% and 50%, respectively. Organic RD&A revenue, which included Bureau van Dijk revenue as of August 11, was $246 million, up 13%, driven by strength in sales of credit research and rating data feed. Second, enterprise risk solutions, or ERS, revenue of $113 million, was approximately flat to the prior year period. This result reflected strong growth in loan origination solution and the timing of revenue recognition under the new revenue accounting standard, ASC 606, offset by the decline in software license revenue as the business transitions to subscription-based product. U.S. ERS revenue was up 9% while non-U.S. revenue was down 4%. Trailing 12-month revenue and sales for ERS increased 6% and 4%, respectively. At the end of the third quarter of 2018, trailing 12-month subscription sales were up 9% versus the prior year period while onetime sales, inclusive of perpetual licenses and service fees, were down 11%. During the same 12 month period, ERS revenue from subscriptions was up 11% and onetime revenue was down 6%. Moving on to Professional Services. Third quarter revenue of $40 million was up 7%. U.S. and non-U.S. professional services revenues were up 11% and 5%, respectively. Turning now to operating expenses. Moody's third quarter operating expenses were $614 million, approximately flat to the prior year period. This result reflected the inclusion of Bureau van Dijk operating expenses as well as incremental compensation related to salary adjustments and hiring, offset by lower accruals for 2018 incentive compensation award. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted operating expenses by 1%. On January 1, 2018, the company adopted the new ASC 606 revenue accounting standard using the modified retrospective approach. We continue to expect the impact of the adoption to be immaterial to Moody's Corporation revenue and expenses for the full year of 2018. As Ray mentioned, Moody's operating margin was 43.2% and the adjusted operating margin was 47.6%. Moody's effective tax rate for the quarter was 24.4%, down from 31.4% in the prior year period. The decline primarily reflected a lower U.S. statutory tax rate. The third quarter 2018 effective tax rate included an increase in uncertain tax positions related to non-U.S. tax matters, offset by a decrease related to the transition tax liability, each being approximately $65 million. Now I'll provide an update on capital allocation. During the third quarter of 2018, Moody's repurchased approximately 400,000 shares at a total cost of $66 million or an average cost of $174.33 per share. Moody's also issued approximately 100,000 shares as part of its employee stock-based compensation plan. Moody's returned $84 million to its shareholders via dividend payments during the third quarter of 2018. And on October 22, the Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.44 per share of Moody's common stock. This dividend will be payable on December 12, 2018, to stockholders of record at the close of business on November 21, 2018. Year-to-date, Moody's repurchased approximately 900,000 shares at a total cost of $147 million or an average cost of $168.37 per share, and issued a net 1.5 million shares as part of its employee stock-based compensation plan. The net amount includes shares withheld for employee payroll taxes. Moody's also returned $253 million to its shareholders via dividend payments during the first nine months of 2018. Outstanding shares as of September 30, 2018, totaled $191.6 million, approximately flat to a year ago. As of September 30, 2018, Moody's had approximately $380 million of share repurchase authority remaining. At quarter-end, Moody's had approximately $5 billion of outstanding debt and approximately $975 million of additional borrowing capacity under its revolving credit facility. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at quarter-end were $1.1 billion, down 3% since December 31, 2017, with approximately 87% held outside of the U.S. As of September 30, 2018, Moody's ratio of net debt to trailing 12 month adjusted operating income was 1.8x, down from 2.2x as of December 31, 2017. This reflected execution of management's commitment to delever post the Bureau van Dijk acquisition. Cash flow from operations for the first nine months of 2018 was $1.1 billion, an increase from $350 million in the first nine months of 2017. Free cash flow for the first nine months of 2018 was $1 billion, an increase from $280 million in the prior year period. These increases in cash flow were largely due to payments the company made in the first quarter of 2017, pursuant to its 2016 settlement with the Department of Justice and various State Attorneys General. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Ray.
Raymond McDaniel: Thanks, Mark. I'd like to provide some highlights on our progress with Bureau van Dijk integration and synergy activities. We are just over a year into the Bureau van Dijk acquisition, and the business continues to perform well. The revenue growth is on track to meet our 2018 forecast, while the direct adjusted operating margin for the third quarter and year-to-date was in line with historical business performance at 49% and 44.3%, respectively. We are particularly pleased with Bureau van Dijk's very strong sales results. On an FX-neutral basis, sales were up 14% year-to-date, with 21% growth in the third quarter. This acceleration reflects strong demand for Bureau van Dijk's product and the synergies that we're realizing as we drive distribution of Bureau van Dijk data to more customers and more markets. Importantly, our success in this area positions us for better revenue growth as we move into 2019. I'll now discuss certain components of our full year guidance for 2018. A complete list of Moody's guidance is included on Table 13 of our third quarter 2018 earnings press release, which can be found at Moody's Investor Relations website at ir.moodys.com. Moody's outlook for 2018 is based on assumptions about many geopolitical conditions and macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions, consumer borrowing and securitization and the amount of debt issued. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our outlook assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. Specifically, our forecast reflects exchange rates for the British pound of $1.30 to £1; and for the euro, of $1.16 to €1. Moody's now expects full year 2018 diluted EPS to be $6.95 to $7.10, including the amortization of all acquisition-related intangibles of approximately $0.40. The expected restructuring charge of $0.10 to $0.15 and the acquisition-related expenses of $0.02 to $0.03. Excluding these items, adjusted diluted EPS is now expected to be $7.50 to $7.65. Before turning to the Q&A, I would like to provide a few updates on recent acquisitions, investments and initiatives. On August 20, we announced the closing of the acquisition of Omega Performance, a leading provider of online credit training serving over 300 customers, ranging from large global banks to local lending solutions. Omega Performance will enhance MA as a worldwide market standard in credit proficiency for financial institutions that offer consumers, small business and corporate lending. On August 30, we announced a definitive merger agreement to acquire Reis, a leading provider of U.S. commercial real estate, or CRE, data and commenced a tender offer on September 13 to acquire all issued and outstanding shares of Reis common stock at $23 per share. The tender offer and acquisition were successfully completed on October 15. The Reis acquisition contributes to MA's development of a comprehensive suite of CRE data and analytics solutions, positioning MA to become a leading data and analytics provider in the U.S. commercial real estate market, bringing efficiency to CRE analysis and enhance capital flows. We're very excited to welcome our new Omega Performance and Reis colleagues to Moody's and work together to achieve the synergies and commercial opportunities we have identified. On October 15, Mona Breed joined Moody's as Chief Information Officer. Ms. Breed will Moody's technology infrastructure and programs, as we enhance our technology capabilities and leverage our investments. And on October 17, we appointed Derek Vadala as global head of a newly-formed cyber risk analytics group in MIS. This group will develop MIS's capabilities for evaluating cyber risk as it relates to operational and credit risk. And earlier this week, we announced an investment in a fund managed by Team8, a leading cybersecurity think tank and incubator that further supports our cyber analytics initiative.  Finally, we recently announced our selection of the inaugural list of partners for Reshape Tomorrow, our global program to help owners of small and growing businesses overcome the challenges of expanding their enterprises. For more information on the programs and partners selected, please see the CSR press release we issued on October 24 or visit moodys.com/csr.  This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining Mark and me for the question-and-answer session are Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics; and Rob Fauber, President of Moody's Investors Service. We'd be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Vincent Hung with Autonomous.
Vincent Hung: Can you hear me?
Raymond McDaniel: Yes.
Vincent Hung: On the $30 million to $40 million of cost savings, where is it coming from and what's the timing around that?
Mark Kaye: Vince, thank you for the question. We have undertaken a careful review of our expense infrastructure to identify opportunities for efficiency. The cost management activities will primarily come from 2 separate and distinct areas. First, reducing, exiting, and/or subleasing certain real estate property; and second, a targeted reduction in headcount with an emphasis on streamlining our operations, eliminating redundancies, and meeting regulatory expectations. We anticipate that the restructuring charge of $30 million to $40 million in the fourth quarter of 2018 and the additional $10 million to $15 million in the first half of 2019 will result in an annualized pretax benefit of $30 million to $40 million once complete, and that the net pretax benefit for 2019 on a standalone basis is estimated between $20 million and $25 million.
Vincent Hung: Got it. And just to follow up, when we think about expenses, long term is there anything else you can do beyond that?
Mark Kaye: Yes. The business is actually undertaking a number of initiatives at the moment with respect to automation and technology to address costs. As we said before, we are first focusing on having the right people doing the right jobs in the right location. And since 2015, over half of our headcount adds have been at our support center in India. We have now opened our hub in Costa Rica and working with other locations, specifically related to the MIS business. We are also investing in major programs, specifically in MIS, around the workflow system and analytics system that we believe can provide simplification around the MTN ratings process and add additional efficiency gains to our staff.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Ray, Just I think in your comments, you talked about the slowdown that you expect in the fourth quarter to be temporary. And I was hoping you and maybe Rob could just elaborate on that a bit and just explain why you are confident that it's only temporary and not maybe the start of something?
Raymond McDaniel: Sure. And I'll invite Rob to offer his thoughts as well. I don't think I said temporary, but we are looking at a number of headwinds and tailwinds. And so determining which of those are going to be stronger going into 2019 and beyond is a little difficult to predict. But obviously, we are experiencing a rising rate environment to the extent that the rising rate environment is associated with strong economic growth. That, as I've said before, encourages business expansion, business investment spending, merger and acquisition activity. The overall condition of the market, we think, is probably more important than the rates themselves. Rising rates with maintenance of tight spreads because again, we're in a strong economy, is not a bad news story. What would be a bad news story as we talked about again before, is more of a stagflation environment. If for some reason, we were -- we in the marketplace was experiencing a rise, especially a short rise in interest rates, but unrelated to underlying core business strength. I don't think that, that's just going to be the situation. That doesn't look like the central case at this point, which is why you might interpret my comments as relating to a temporary slowdown. Rob, I don't know if there's anything else to add to that, but please.
Robert Fauber: No, I think that covers it, Ray.
Manav Patnaik: And Mark, welcome to the call, but just in terms of the cost actions, how much of this was driven by, obviously, the slowdown you expect in the fourth quarter versus how much of it was a fresh set of eyes from your end, and thinking that there's more room to be taken out here?
Mark Kaye: Manav, thank you, and certainly, very pleased to be a part of the Moody's management team. I think the restructuring program was really driven by a combination of factors, and I can really think of the three primary ones. First is the expected continuation of the relatively soft issuance environment through year end. Secondly is an opportunity to rationalize our real estate footprint, specifically to include synergies from some of our recent acquisitions. And then third, let's say, it allows us to give a continued focus on optimizing our global sourcing operations for greater efficiency, including some of the geographic rebalancing that I spoke about earlier.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. And I'd just add that, while it's always great to get a fresh set of eyes on the company's operations, this -- the timing was also importantly related to the completion of two recent acquisitions and some of the geographic rebalancing that we are doing, in part in response to regulatory expectations.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alexander Kramm: So just, okay I guess following up on Manav's first question, in terms of the environment in the 2019 outlook, I know this is not a guidance call for next year, but your competitor, S&P, as they laid out their initial issuance outlook, calling for kind of 1% of growth overall, corporates fell down 4%. So curious if you could comment on that a little bit in terms of your own outlook or anything that you're seeing that may be different. In particular, these guys called out the repatriation is still being something that is going to weigh on the outlook. So maybe some color there would be really helpful, how much of that will be an impact for your business.
Raymond McDaniel: Sure. I'll let Rob comment on this, and you're right, we're not going to be offering a full outlook for 2019 on this call. But I know Rob does have some thoughts and perspectives on the environment.
Robert Fauber: Yes, right. Thanks, Ray. So we'd like to get to the end of the year where we can see where issuance ends up and then be able to triangulate both our bottom up forecast with what we're also seeing from the Street. But that's to give you a little feel for how we're looking at it. I mean overall, we still have economic growth, we saw today the U.S. GDP trend for the third quarter. At 3.5%, expectations for U.S. GDP growth of close to 3% next year and the major economies in Europe in the 1.5% to 2% range. So continuing to see economic growth. And Ray always talks about that, that's a key driver to issuance. I'd say modest geopolitical risks, we've got, I think, continued healthy investor demand, and we're seeing that now with pretty constructive market conditions albeit with some volatility and gradual rate increases. And again, that's the key here, is that they are gradual and well telegraphed. And we think also a strong M&A outlook going into next year. We've got a lot of LBO-driven M&A activity now in the market, and you can see that in the bank loan space. We think that's going to continue as well as some of the jumbo M&A. We've also -- expect default rates, particularly spec-grade default rates to remain low next year, that should contain spreads and then we balance that against, I would acknowledge that we're seeing both a combination of rates moving and I'd say in some cases relatively, liquid issuers, which I do think is waived on some opportunistic supply and we've seen that in the third quarter. We're going to have to look at the sustainability of the bank loan supply if spreads are not further tightening. And I think all in all, that translates into a corporate issuance outlook that's roughly in line with 2018, and we may see a modest rebound in U.S. high yield after a pretty sharp decline. And then maybe just touching on securitization. I think the trend there remains favorable or steady. It's a highly competitive market, but we do expect to see some growth on the back of again, economic growth and consumer sentiment that will be supporting securitization markets. Maybe just in terms of first-time mandates, I think, in our view is that, that's going to continue to provide some support for revenues going forward. So a lot of health warnings on that, we will tighten that up and be able to talk more about it on the next call.
Alexander Kramm: That's great color. And just one more, quickly I think, on the same topic. As you're thinking to the remainder of the year, if I look at your updated guidance for the, I guess, implied guidance for the fourth quarter, if I'm correct for the corporate side, I think you're assuming a pretty big ramp in the fourth quarter, maybe something like 15% or so. It will be a very big ramp by historical standards, and I know the third quarter was soft. But I think some people called your guidance this morning still fairly aggressive in that area. So maybe just commenting on that real quick in terms of the more near-term assumptions, what could still go wrong here?
Robert Fauber: Yes.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, I'm going to ask Rob to comment because it's certainly on the MIS side where you would potentially expect more volatility.
Robert Fauber: Yes. So you can see where we are in terms of year-to-date growth. I would say that we are expecting 4Q to show some sequential growth, certainly from 3Q '18, and that's the resumption of that more typical sawtooth pattern that we have typically seen except for last year. This year we saw that typical summer slowdown. Last year, you remember, every quarter saw sequential growth. So we think we're back to that sawtooth pattern. And think that 4Q '18 will be up on 3Q '18. We've got again, the technical issuance backdrop is good. I think our pipelines look generally healthy, the loan market is active, M&A inquiries are active. But we will need to see some degree of improvement and opportunistic issuance in 4Q versus 3Q to hit our outlook. And I would also note that we're not looking for the same levels of opportunistic issuance in 4Q that we saw in the first half of 2018, but certainly, a pick up from the third quarter. And the last thing I want to point out is, 4Q is going to be a tough comp, 4Q '18, tough comp to 4Q '17. You might remember we benefited from some of that pull forward in U.S. PMG, we saw some late jumbo investment-grade issuance and we put up something close to 20% revenue growth. So an acceleration, a pick up of revenue from 3Q into 4Q, but a deceleration of that kind of year-to-date growth rate, and that's how we got to our guide.
Operator: And our next question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan: Also I wanted to ask on MIS. In terms of just the recent weakness in issuance, I know that you could attribute part of it to rates. But do you also attribute part of it to tax reform? And when you do think about, if so, when you do think about tax reform's impact on issuance, do you see it as more of an ongoing phenomena since companies would be paying less tax and have more cash on the balance sheet? Or would you think about it as, this is a short-term impact because of the repatriation aspect, so there's less of an issue right now, and so therefore, maybe it's a little bit more temporarily. So I just wanted to talk about what you think is driving the recent weakness in addition to rates.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. I think I would place more weight on the repatriation, especially coming out of the tech sector. And that -- we discussed that earlier in the year as being a known headwind. But a somewhat concentrated headwind in that it was really the repatriation, the large dollars of repatriation were associated with large technology companies. And that, a large part of the corporate debt market, certainly in terms of our business, coming out of speculative-grade sector, is not an area where corporations have large amounts of offshore cash. So I think what we've seen in terms of a slowdown in spec grade bonds relates more to the rising rate environment and bank loans being favored over spec rate bonds rather than anything having to do with tax reform. That being said, the companies that have large amounts of overseas cash to be repatriated will have cash that can be repatriated again in 2019. So I don't expect that to be a very temporary or one-off phenomenon associated only with 2018.
Toni Kaplan: Great. And just despite the top line weakness in ratings, the margins and MIS held up well. I guess, what were some of the levers you able to pull in the quarter? I assume incentive comp was probably one of them. So it'd be helpful to hear what that was during the quarter. And also, I think that last quarter, wouldn't have the incentive comp number for 2Q. So if you could give 3Q and 2Q incentive comp, that'd be helpful.
Mark Kaye: Morning, Toni. The second quarter 2018 incentive comp number was $51.3 million. The third quarter number is $43.3 million. In terms of the MIS margins, quarter-over-quarter, the increase is approximately 140 basis points, and we do however, like to look at margins on a trailing 12 months basis. And there you'll see the increase is approximately 40 basis points. The difference is really due to the normalization of the incentive compensation and ongoing cost control measures within MIS.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Joseph Foresi: I was wondering what would be the company's response to prolonged issuance slowdown. Do you expect to protect profitability in that scenario? And how much flexibility do you think you have there?
Raymond McDaniel: In terms of what protects the business model and business performance in a negative environment, there's a number of things to look at. On the revenue side, look to the steady growth in recurring revenue versus transaction revenue at MIS. Pricing opportunities where we are providing particular value. The going forward benefit of new rating mandates that we have picked up in 2018, 2017, which translate into maintenance and monitoring fees on a going-forward basis. And of course, Moody's Analytics, which is not a capital market sensitive business and has a very heavy waiting to recurring revenue. As far as expenses are concerned, there is the formulaic flex in our incentive compensation that responds to what's happening with revenue and operating income. We can also modulate the pace of investments, and those are a variety of different investments whether they're technology-related or otherwise. But I would underscore that we think there are some very important opportunities for the company that we do want to put investment against. And so for short-term cyclical variations in market conditions, we're going to continue to invest even as we pull on these other levers to make sure that the business model is resilient.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert: So a question for Mark Almeida. Number one, the BvD momentum, very impressive here in terms of the acceleration in quarterly revenue growth. So I was hoping you just give us more color on what's driving that and the sustainability of that. And then I'll get my follow-up, and in advance, on the ERS business, just any color in terms of progress in improving profitability there.
Mark Almeida: Sure, Peter. Yes, BvD, as Ray described, BvD is performing very, very well. We're very pleased with what's happening in the business. We're seeing very good demand from a number of sources, and in a number of use cases for the BvD product. We're also building some very solid momentum as we begin to cross sell the BvD product to the traditional Moody's Analytics customer base. So we feel like we're doing quite well and performing very well, particularly on the sales side with Bureau van Dijk. And that strong sales growth will start to manifest itself in very good revenue production in the coming quarters. So things going quite well there. In ERS, we are -- I would say that things are going very much as we've expected and as we've been describing for you. As you know, the business is going through a rather profound transition, and that transition is going pretty much as we'd expect. We had about 7% revenue growth in ERS last year.  In the first half of this year, the business has grown 6%. We were flat in this last quarter in ERS. And our full year guidance would imply that our full year guidance of being down a couple of points would imply that the fourth quarter is going to be down for ERS. But the important thing to really look at, to understand where the business is headed, is to pick up on the details that Mark shared a couple of minutes ago. He mentioned that total ERS sales are up 4% on a trailing 12 months basis, and that's important because, in the first two quarters of this year, trailing 12 month sales in ERS were flat. And so I think what that suggests is that we're beginning to make the turn and that the business is evolving from a traditional software licensing and project business to a true Software-as-a-Service business, where we're selling things on subscription. So I think the business performance is moving in the right direction, and that is going to drive much better profitability in ERS. And I think you're starting to see that flow through to the MA margin more generally. We had very good margin expansion in MA this past quarter. We continue to have good margin expansion on a trailing 12 months basis. That's the result of the high-margin BvD business flowing through, but it's also a result of the good work that we're doing in the legacy MA businesses. And that's largely an ERS initiative.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets.
Jeffrey Silber: If I look at your MIS business and I look at the types of clients that you develop ratings for, where do you get the most incremental margins? And if you may can rank order them that would be helpful.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. I mean, the new rating mandates are certainly a very attractive source of revenue because they establish new relationships that we would expect would be very stable over time. That being said, that is not the highest margin business. New customers, new rating relationships require additional analytical capacity and analytical support capacity. So I think you can understand that, that where we have an established relationship and that entity decides to reenter the debt markets, that is a profitable opportunity for us because we already have the cost base installed in terms of our workforce that follows the company or the municipality. And we are earning incremental revenue off of the additional issuance. Rob, you want to add anything to that?
Robert Fauber: Yes. The other thing -- so I think that's right, balance of first-time mandates versus the refi activity, we were already rating these companies. But then when you think about, maybe on a sector basis, I think you might tie it to complexity. So where there's more analytical complexity, we tend to -- that tends to be reflected in the economics, think things like leverage finance, CLOs, CMBS.
Jeffrey Silber: Okay, great. And then just a couple of quick numbers questions. If you just let us know the interest expense and share count embedded in your guidance for the full year? And does your guidance include the impact of Reis?
Mark Kaye: The guidance does include the impact of Reis and Omega. The expectation in terms of an adjusted EPS impact for 2018, that would be $0.02, consistent with the earlier release. And then in terms of the guidance around share repurchase or interest expense, we don't provide that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: A couple of questions. The first one, Ray, as you think out to next year, can you just walk us through sort of preliminary basis, some of the factors that may be more positive next year, less of a headwind next year versus what you're dealing with this year on the debt issuance side of your ratings business. And I have a follow-up.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, sure. I mean, certainly, a gradual and expected change in the interest rate environment would be more beneficial than anything that is unexpected or overly aggressive. Again, as we've said, tying that to GDP growth, we think is important. And also, our expectation for continued low, in fact, decreasing default rates, which will -- should keep spreads tight, is also important. So really, it's I think it's going to be, 2019 is going to be a question of are the policy actions expected? And with that expectation, are we going to have an M&A and business -- investment business expansion environment that is supportive of debt issuance to affect that expansion.
Robert Fauber: Then maybe one area to add to. We saw, 2017, we saw a lot of issuance out of the greater China region. This year, with some of the volatility we've seen that slow down. But we believe there's a pretty big backlog of issuance out of China. So I think there's some potential upside to see that come back into the market in 2019.
Raymond McDaniel: And as I think about it, looking for upside as well, if, in Europe in particular, if some of the things that people are worried about in terms of BREXIT and whether there's a hard BREXIT, the Italian budget situation, if those are resolved in a relatively more benign rather than less benign manner, there's certainly going to help with our confidence and business expansion on the European side.
Craig Huber: And then also with China, could you just update us on your thoughts on when you best -- might get your license over there, the rate in the domestic market in China? And sort of how you view this opportunity for long-term?
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. We do it very positively, obviously. We have a license application in process. We also like the optionality that we have from our investment in CCXI, which is a well-established rating agency in the domestic Chinese market. So as we look at China, it's -- the domestic market, it's the Panda bond market for non-Chinese issuers, renminbi, that might attract international capital that's looking for international ratings and it's the traditional cross-border market, as well as the opportunities that come from Moody's Analytics, and what we can do in China, both in terms of the product and services that are offered by MA alongside MIS. So it all comes together in a package, in a very positive way. The challenge is exactly when and it has been a process, in our experience in China, that the Chinese authorities move very deliberately and carefully. And so trying to predict the timing is a little bit difficult.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo.
William Warmington: So the first question for you is to ask about how new mandates are doing? And whether they're holding up in 3Q and into 4Q?
Robert Fauber: Yes. Bill, this is Rob. Let me take that one. So I'd say they decelerated a little bit in the third quarter in tandem with the, kind of slowdown in issuance in leverage finance markets, so that's fairly typical. But we're still, overall on track for a very strong year. I mean, we're over 200 first-time mandates again signed in the third quarter, so yes, that's down from the second quarter of '18, it's actually, it's also down from last year's quarter. But we're now over 800 first-time mandates for the year through September, and we are still expecting to be above that 1,000 first-time mandates March -- for the full year. And you might remember, we were just north of that last year, it's something like 1,040. So a very strong case. I just touched on in my answer to Craig's question, we also have a number of unpublished mandates, particularly in China, so you've got some deals that haven't gotten approval to go-to-market, regulatory approval. Others are waiting on more favorable pricing conditions, given the volatility in the Chinese market, so there's a pretty robust backlog that hasn't gone into the market. The other things that's just worth noting is the first-time mandate growth has been now strongest out of the U.S. for the year. Now you might remember, we had a very mixed growth last year, but we've seen very strong growth out of the United States, and we have a good pipeline there.
Raymond McDaniel: And I'd just add, that the numbers that we're seeing in Q3 are as expected, and going into Q4, we did not anticipate. As I think everyone knows from our second quarter outlook, we do not anticipate the third quarter of 2018 behaving like the third quarter of 2017. Just a very unusual quarter, that not only affected issuance, it affected new mandates, et cetera. It just drove an unusual performance profile last year that we've normalized back to typical market performance in 2018.
William Warmington: And then a question for Mark, and that's Mark Kaye. I have to make a distinction now. So more Marks than a German bank, as the saying goes. At breakfast a couple of weeks ago, you talked a lot about your goals of introducing more automation to internal processes at Moody's using AI, machine learning, more data science. How does this play into the restructuring announced today? Does it give you a chance to implement some of that?
Mark Kaye: Well, I certainly continue on the path of introducing and encouraging the team to implement difference and more automated digital approaches. That's how we think about finance and how finance function interacts with the business itself. We did spend some time with our Board talking about that in our October meeting, and they are supportive of what we're trying to do here. On the restructuring, I do view this as an opportunity for us to create capacity, both to expand margins and to be able to reinvest back into the business. I think, from my perspective, it's important to keep the investment at a level that's sustainable, but also to add value over the long term.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tim McHugh with William Blair.
Timothy McHugh: Just going to ask on ERS. I noticed the description of kind of where the growth came from is more the loan origination side of the products side. I guess, can you talk at all about I guess, the regulatory related solutions and what you're seeing from the client? And has, I guess, where the growth is coming from shifted a lot versus 2 to 3 years ago for ERS?
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, Tim. It has shifted a fair amount. I think we've talked about this before, but if you go back 2, 3, 4 years, we had a lot of demand being driven by post crisis regulation, whether it was Basel rules who are stress testing protocols, who were being applied to banks, whether in the U.S. or in Europe. There was quite a bit of regulatory-driven demand. That has been replaced by demand from banks that are looking to bring more efficiency and looking to streamline their processes, so that's where the loan origination product has been doing quite well. Lots of banks trying to compete, trying to make credit decisions and lending decisions faster and more efficiently, particularly in the midsized and small end of the corporate lending market. That's a very competitive business. And to be able to make a decision -- to be able to automate your decision process is becoming increasingly important. And we see a lot of banks investing in that. We've also got demand coming from -- it's not strictly speaking regulated -- regulatory-driven, but we've got these new accounting standards. For a number of years we've been dealing with IFRS 9 outside the United States. That plays very well to our strengths and we've done a lot of business in that space. And now you've got a GAAP variant of IFRS 9 called CECL that is taking effect in 2020. That's driving a lot of demand for our solutions here in the U.S. And again, that's largely -- there we're largely focusing on smaller institutions. And we're doing quite well in that space. So those are the principal things that are driving demand for our ERS solutions at present. The one other area I should note, is again, an accounting-driven issue related to insurance companies. There's a requirement called IFRS 17, which is coming into effect over the next couple of years. That also plays very well to our analytical capabilities, and we've developed a solution for that and are seeing a lot of interest in it. So those are the principal sources of demand for the ERS product, currently.
Timothy McHugh: Are you retaining, I guess, the legacy regulatory type of subscriptions or licenses? Or do you see clients drop those? Just trying to understand if you're declining on 1 part and growing at the other, or I guess, what the underlying dynamics are?
Raymond McDaniel: No. Those regulations, by and large, those regulations still exist and financial institutions still need to comply with those rules, again, whether they're Basel or -- most of the stress-testing work that we have done has been with larger institutions. And those institutions are still subject to those rules, even though they've been relaxed for some of the smaller institutions in the U.S. So we don't see customer attrition or product attrition associated with the change in the volume of regulation. It's really a flow versus a stock question. I guess, the way I'd say it is, the stock of regulation is the same. We're just seeing less flow of new regulation driving new demand.
Timothy McHugh: Okay. And then on BvD, just on the new sales. I'm recognizing since it's a sales number rather than a revenue number that can bounce around, and I guess, you're comparing it to the year-ago quarter when there's maybe some disruption I guess, because of the closing of the merger. Can you, I guess address that? Just how steady has that sales number growth been? And so, just trying to understand how outside the norm a 21% growth rate is for BvD? Or if it's been volatile?
Mark Almeida: As Ray said, we had 21% sales growth in Q3. But I think the more useful number, frankly, is the 14% year-to-date sales growth number that he cited. And then again, those are, both of those are at constant FX rates, so you don't have any currency noise in there. But the 14% rate, again, I think is a good reflection of the underlying performance of the business. The 21% Q3, frankly, reflected a bit of catch-up that we had from some -- from some operational issues that we talked about in the first quarter. But 14%'s a good number, and that's meaningfully stronger than where the business was performing when we acquired it. So we feel very good about that, and we are optimistic about being able to sustain that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: I want to focus a little bit on the RD&A business. It seems like from the guidance that you're expecting something like a $25 million sequential ramp in revenue. Where is that coming from? And if it's coming from the BvD business, it seems that the BvD business, when you gross up for deferred revenue, was actually down over -- just over $1 million sequentially. If you can kind of put that in context?
Mark Almeida: Yes, sure. I mean first, as we just discussed, there is strong underlying growth in the BvD business, and that acceleration in sales growth that we've talked about, that's going to start flowing through to the P&L, and it'll start hitting the top line. And so that's certainly contributing to a good strong fourth quarter that we expect. I think you've done the math correctly, Shlomo. The other thing you need to keep in mind is, you mentioned it, you've got the haircut going away, there was $22 million of haircut in the fourth quarter last year. We don't have that problem this year in the fourth quarter. And you've also got Reis coming in to the results this next quarter. So you've got those three things, strong underlying growth in BvD, the reversal of the haircut if you want to put it that way, and then Reis coming, in addition to what I would characterize as very solid performance in the rest of the business.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Got it. And then, I just want to ask in terms of the issuance commentary. S&P noted yesterday that they thought that the refi wall would be more meaningful in the second half of '19 as they look towards kind of pacing on the refis. Are you guys seeing that in the numbers that you're looking at as well?
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. When we look at the refi walls going out, actually, multiyear, they are increasing each year sequentially through 2022. So in terms of assessing the importance of the refi wall in 2019, because it is growing and the 2020 refinancing in 2021 are obviously, closer to the back half of next year, I think that's a reasonable expectation, that refinancing may tick up later in the year. That being said, a lot of this ends up being, I think, company psychology and the expectations and predictions that Chief Financial Officers and Treasurers are making about where rates are going to go, where spreads are going to go, and that can certainly drive issuance, refinancing issuance to get pulled forward further or to get pushed back further. So there's -- if you look at what has to be refinanced over the next few years, it is a very high wall, predicting exactly what quarter or quarters that may happen is a more difficult challenge.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alexander Kramm: I was actually going to ask on the refi wall as well, so that got stolen a little bit. But maybe just digging a little bit deeper, is there anything in the refi wall when you look in more depth that may be different? And when you think about the next few years, that it may not be refi-ing this much, meaning, for example, are there a lot of issuers that may have used that money for synthetic repatriation that may not just refi that money when it comes to? Or anything else? Are you hearing from companies that like, hey, we know this is coming due, but we are now in delevering mode. So anything that will be different from -- that may make the wall look different than in previous years?
Raymond McDaniel: I mean, I think an important thing to keep in mind is that when we talk about opportunistic refinancing and the refinancing walls, we are largely talking about the U.S. speculative-grade sector. The investment grade sector refinances on a much more regular basis, steady basis year on year on year. And international companies, both investment grade and speculative-grade, have a history of refinancing on a more regular basis. The opportunistic refinancing comes out of U.S. spec grade, and those aren't companies that have a lot of overseas cash, as we've talked about before. So I don't think that's going to be an important factor. You could certainly have companies deciding that they wish to deleverage. But again, the ability to deleverage across the speculative grade universe and the desire to delever across the speculative-grade universe, I think is reasonably low. So yes, I can think of circumstances where refinancing may decline, but I don't think that's the central case.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: All right, great. And the last one, real quick for Mark, Almeida, that is. Follow-up on the BvD question, on the growth there. I think someone decided, quarter-over-quarter, but I think year-over-year, if my numbers are correct, that growth was pretty soft as well. I get to maybe like 3%, 4%, 5%. So is there anything else going on other than the disruption, like any sort of customer loss or anything else that may weigh on that growth even going forward? Or you think we're now through this and some of the sales growth can actually translate into real revenue growth in the high single, low double-digit growth, just to circle back here.
Mark Almeida: Yes. I guess, the short answer, Alex, is no. We feel the business is performing very well. As I said, better than it was performing pre-acquisition. We're executing on our synergies, we're building momentum in sales production, which will manifest in good, solid revenue growth. So we feel very good about what's going on there. And we view the numbers, all very positive.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Joseph Foresi: Hi, some phone issues earlier. But how sensitive is BvD and Reis to an economic slowdown? How tied are they discretionary spending in the real estate market?
Raymond McDaniel: Well, I'll speak to Bureau van Dijk first. They do not appear to be -- like much of Moody's Analytics, all of Moody's Analytics really. We don't see, we have never seen much correlation between macroeconomic conditions, either on the positive side or the negative side and the performance of our business. It seems to be generally very, very steady growth in the business, irrespective of macro conditions. Except if we're at very extreme situations, such as we had in 2009, for example. And I believe that would be true of Bureau van Dijk as well. If you look at of their performance historically, as we did, of course, when we acquired the company, they performed well, even in the depths of the financial crisis. They performed, not spectacularly, but certainly above average, I would say. So we don't see much sensitivity in the Bureau van Dijk business. The Reis business, I mean, frankly, we're -- we've only owned it for less than two weeks now, so we don't have that much experience with it. But our impressions are that, that is similarly not particularly susceptible to macro conditions, within kind of a normal range of typical cycles.
Mark Almeida: And I would just add, Joe, for the Reis business in particular, we're looking at a business that is assessing, collecting data and with our analytics, assessing risk in the commercial real estate sector, which actually may be in more demand in a more distressed environment. So we're new to Reis, and we'll need some time to sort through this, but that would be one of the things I would be looking for.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: I just had a follow-up. Ray or Rob, do you get any sense from any of your clients in the U.S. for example, that are thinking or starting to act on, lock in some of these low rates, or took out all these massive amount of spec rate bank loans in the last few years. Were any of them in waves, here? Just give me a sense of a lock in high-yield bond market here, just kind of think out over the next year. Is that a strategy you think might get deployed more and more here?
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. I mean, it's something we are certainly going to be watching for, to see whether a floating rate converts back over to fixed rate. And in looking at that, obviously, we would also be looking at the yield curve itself and how attractive longer-term debt fixed-rate paper is, based on spreads in the yield curve itself. So it's a good area to pay attention to, I agree.
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand our conference back over to Ray McDaniel for any additional or closing remarks.
Raymond McDaniel: Just wanted to thank everyone for joining the call today, and we look forward to speaking to you again in the New Year. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes Moody's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the Third Quarter 2018 Earnings section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 p.m. Eastern Time on Moody's IR website. Thank you.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-27 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Maire - Global Head of IR and Communications Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President and CEO Mark E. Almeida - President, Moody's Analytics Robert Fauber - President, Moody's Investors Service
Analysts: Manav Patnaik - Barclays Alex Kramm - UBS Toni Kaplan - Morgan Stanley Michael Reid - Cantor Fitzgerald Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray Jeffrey Silber - BMO Capital Markets Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners William Warmington - Wells Fargo Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research
Operator: Good day and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the Company, we will open the conference for question-and-answers following today's presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Steve Maire, Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications. Please go ahead, sir.
Stephen Maire: Thank you. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's second quarter 2018 results as well as our current outlook for full-year 2018. I am Steve Maire, Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications. This morning, Moody's released its results for the second quarter of 2018 as well as our current outlook for full year 2018. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our Web-site at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. During this call, we will be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. To view the nearest equivalent GAAP figures and GAAP reconciliations, please refer to our earnings release that was filed this morning. Before we begin, I will call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the Risk Factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and in other SEC filings made by the Company, which are available on our Web-site and on the SEC's Web-site. These, together with the Safe Harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Thank you, Steve. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I will begin by summarizing Moody's second quarter and first half 2018 financial results. Steve Maire will follow with additional second quarter financial details and operating highlights. I will then conclude with comments on our current outlook for 2018. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. In the second quarter, Moody's achieved record revenue of $1.2 billion, up 17% from the second quarter of 2017. This result reflected strong performance at Moody's Analytics driven by contribution from Bureau Van Dijk. Moody's Investor Service record performance was primarily attributable to robust bank loan and collateralized loan obligation or CLO market activity as well as recurring revenue growth as 2017's new rating mandates became monitored credits. Operating expenses for the second quarter of 2018 totaled $641 million, up 19% from the prior year period, including 11 percentage points attributable to Bureau Van Dijk operating expenses, amortization of acquired intangible assets, and nonrecurring acquisition-related expenses. Operating income was $534 million, up 16% from the second quarter of 2017. Adjusted operating income of $584 million was up 17%. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted operating income and adjusted operating income by 2% each. The operating margin was 45.4% and the adjusted operating margin was 49.7%. Moody's diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.94 per share, up 20% from the second quarter of 2017. Adjusted diluted EPS for the quarter was $2.04, up 32% and excludes $0.10 per share related to amortization of acquired intangible assets and acquisition-related expenses. Second quarter 2017 adjusted diluted EPS primarily excludes a $0.13 foreign currency hedge gain. Turning to first half performance, Moody's revenue for the first half of 2018 was $2.3 billion, up 17% from the prior year period, including 8 percentage points of growth attributable to Bureau Van Dijk. U.S. revenue was $1.2 billion, up 7%, and non-U.S. revenue was $1.1 billion, up 30%. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted Moody's revenue by 2%. Moody's Investors Service first half revenue of $1.5 billion was up 9% from the prior year period. U.S. revenue was $885 million, up 6%, and non-U.S. revenue was $588 million, up 13%. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted MIS revenue by 2%. Moody's Analytics revenue for the first half of 2018 was $830 million, a 34% increase over the prior year. U.S. revenue of $339 million was up 9% and non-U.S. revenue of $491 million was up 58%. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted MA revenue by 3%. Organic MA revenue for the first half of 2018 was $676 million, up 9% from the prior year period. Moody's Corporation operating expenses for the first half of 2018 were $1.3 billion, up 19% from the prior year period, including 12 percentage points attributable to Bureau Van Dijk operating expenses, amortization of acquired intangible assets, and nonrecurring acquisition related expenses. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted expenses by 2%. Operating income was $1 billion, up 13% from the first half of 2017. Adjusted operating income of $1.1 billion was up 15%. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted operating income and adjusted operating income by 3% each. Moody's operating margin was 44.5% and its adjusted operating margin was 48.9%. The effective tax rate for the first half of 2018 was 19.4%, down from 27.8% in the prior year period. The decline was primarily due to lower U.S. statutory tax rate and net uncertain tax position benefits related to a statute of limitations expiration and audit settlement. We are reaffirming our full-year 2018 guidance of $7.20 to $7.40 per diluted EPS and $7.65 to $7.85 for adjusted diluted EPS. I will now turn the call back over to Steve to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Stephen Maire: Thanks Ray. I'll begin with revenue at the Company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody's total revenue for the second quarter was a record $1.2 billion, up 17%, including 8 percentage points of growth attributable to Bureau Van Dijk. U.S. revenue of $625 million was up 10%. Non-U.S. revenue of $550 million was up 27% and represents 47% of Moody's total revenue. Recurring revenue of $613 million was up 25% and represented 52% of total revenue. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted Moody's revenue by 1%. Looking now at each of our businesses, starting with Moody's Investors Service. Total MIS revenue for the quarter was $752 million, up 10%. U.S. revenue increased 9% to $451 million. Non-U.S. revenue of $300 million was up 10% and represented 40% of total MIS revenue. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted MIS revenue by 1%. Moving to the lines of business for MIS; first, corporate finance revenue for the second quarter was $378 million, up 6%. This result reflected strong bank loan issuance in the U.S. and Europe, partially offset by a decline in global investment grade and U.S. high-yield bonds. U.S. corporate finance revenue was up 10% and non-U.S. revenue was approximately flat. Second, structured finance revenue totaled $142 million, up 19%, driven by a broad strength in securitization markets, with particularly strong contribution from CLOs. U.S. and non-U.S. structured finance revenues were up 14% and 28% respectively. Third, financial institutions revenue of $121 million was up 18%. This result was driven by strong contribution from the global insurance sector as well as the U.S. and Asia banking sectors. U.S. and non-U.S. financial institutions revenue were up 24% and 13% respectively. Fourth, public project and infrastructure finance revenue of $108 million was up 3%. This result was primarily driven by contributions from EMEA infrastructure finance and sovereign and sub-sovereign issuers, partially offset by a decline in U.S. municipal issuance. U.S. public project and infrastructure finance revenue was down 7%, while non-U.S. revenue was up 21%. Turning now to Moody's Analytics, total revenue for MA of $423 million was up 35%. U.S. revenue of $174 million was up 12%. Non-U.S. revenue of $249 million was up 57% and represented 59% of total MA revenue. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted MA revenue by 2%. Organic MA revenue for the second quarter of 2018 was $343 million, up 9% from the prior-year period. Moving now to the lines of business for MA; first, research, data and analytics or RD&A revenue of $280 million was up 55%. U.S. RD&A revenue was $118 million, up 16%, and non-U.S. RD&A revenue of $162 million more than doubled. Bureau van Dijk's revenue contribution of approximately $80 million reflects a $6 million reduction from the deferred revenue adjustment required under acquisition accounting rules. Organic RD&A revenue was $200 million, up 11%, and was driven by strength in sales of ratings, data feeds, and credit research. Second, enterprise risk solutions or ERS revenue of $106 million was up 8% from the prior year period. This result was driven by continued strong demand for subscription products, particularly in the risk analytics and insurance segments. U.S. ERS revenue was up 5% and non-U.S. revenue was up 11%. Trailing 12-months revenue for ERS increased 8% while sales were approximately flat. The ERS sales performance is affected by the shift in the business mix to higher-margin products. As this transition continues from one-time perpetual software licenses to SaaS or software-as-a-service subscriptions, there is a near-term impact on our overall results. This conversion to subscriptions will contribute to a larger, more stable and more profitable base of recurring revenue. To provide further transparency into our progress on this transition, starting with this earnings call we are disclosing trailing 12-month sales and revenue by contract type. At the end of the second quarter of 2018, trailing 12-month subscription sales are up 11% versus the prior year period, while one-time sales inclusive of perpetual licenses and service fees are down 25%. During the same 12-month period, ERS revenue from subscriptions was up 12% and one-time revenues rose 1%. Moving on to professional services, revenue of $37 million was up 5%, driven by strong new sales and improved customer retention. U.S. and non-U.S. professional services revenues were up 1% and 8% respectively. Turning now to operating expenses, Moody's second quarter operating expenses were $641 million, up 19%. 11 percentage points of this increase were attributable to Bureau Van Dijk operating expenses, amortization of acquired intangible assets, and acquisition related expenses. Other drivers of the expense growth included additional compensation expense for merit increases and hiring. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted operating expenses by 1%. On January 1, 2018, the Company adopted the new ASC 606 revenue accounting standard using the modified retrospective approach. The impact of adoption was immaterial to Moody's Corporation revenues and expenses in the second quarter and in the first half of 2018. The impact of ASC 606 is expected to be immaterial to Moody's Corporation in the remainder of the year. However, it could create quarterly volatility in revenues or expenses at the line of business or segment level. As Ray mentioned, Moody's operating margin was 45.4% and the adjusted operating margin was 49.7%. Moody's effective tax rate for the quarter was 23.7%, down from 32.1% in the prior year period. The decline in the tax rate primarily reflects a lower U.S. statutory tax rate. Now I'll provide an update on capital allocation. During the second quarter of 2018, Moody's repurchased approximately 200,000 shares at total cost of $38 million, or an average cost of $167.05 per share. Moody's also issued approximately 200,000 shares as part of its employee stock-based compensation plans. Moody's returned $85 million to its shareholders via dividend payments during the second quarter of 2018, and on July 9th, the Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.44 per share of Moody's common stock. This dividend will be payable on September 10, 2018 to stockholders of record at the close of business on August 20, 2018. Over the first half of 2018, Moody's repurchased approximately 500,000 shares at a total cost of $81 million, or an average cost of $163.80 per share, and issued a net 1.4 million shares as part of its employee stock-based compensation plan. The net amount includes shares withheld for employee payroll taxes. Moody's also returned $169 million to its shareholders via dividend payments during the first half of 2018. Outstanding shares as of June 30, 2018 totaled 191.9 million, approximately flat to a year ago. As of June 30, 2018, Moody's had approximately $450 million of share repurchase authority remaining. In June 2018, Moody's issued $300 million of 3.25% senior unsecured notes due 2021, the proceeds of which were used to repay a portion of an outstanding term loan. At quarter end, Moody's had $5.3 billion of outstanding debt and $910 million of additional debt capacity available under its revolving credit facility. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at quarter-end were $1.4 billion, with approximately 76% held outside the U.S. Cash flow from operations for the first half of 2018 was $777 million, an increase from a negative $41 million in the first half of 2017. Free cash flow for the first half of 2018 was $739 million, an increase from a negative $83 million in the prior year period. These increases in cash flow were largely due to payments the Company made in the first quarter of 2017 pursuant to its 2016 settlement with the Department of Justice and various states attorneys general. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Ray.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Thanks Steve. I'd like to provide some highlights on our progress with Bureau Van Dijk integration and synergy activities. As we approach the August anniversary of the Bureau Van Dijk acquisition, our integration activities remain on track. The legacy Bureau Van Dijk business continues to perform well as we align sales operations practices and centralize shared service activities such as finance and human resource management. Our joint marketing efforts are starting to bear fruit with significant recent sales wins in both the U.S. and Asia. In the first half of 2018, we rebranded Bureau Van Dijk's bank financials product to Moody's Analytics BankFocus and continued to invest in content and functionality enhancements, leveraging Moody's expertise. WE are very pleased with the performance of the legacy business and the progress we are making against the synergies that we anticipated when we announced the transaction. I will now discuss certain components of our full-year guidance for 2018. A complete list of Moody's guidance is included in Table 12 of our second quarter 2018 earnings press release, which can be found on the Moody's Investor Relations Web-site at ir.moodys.com. Moody's outlook for 2018 is based on assumptions about many geopolitical conditions and macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions, consumer borrowing and securitization, and the amount of debt issued. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our outlook assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. Specifically, our forecast reflects exchange rates for the British pound of $1.32 to GBP 1 and for the euro of $1.17 to EUR 1. Full year 2018 guidance is reaffirmed at $7.20 to $7.40 for diluted EPS and $7.65 to $7.85 for adjusted diluted EPS, reflecting Moody's expectations for continued strong operating performance. Moody's now expects revenue to increase in the high single-digit percent range. Operating expenses are now also expected to increase in the high single-digit percent range. Operating margin is now expected to be approximately 44% and adjusted operating margin is now expected to be 48% to 49%. Before turning to the Q&A, I would like to provide a couple of updates on Moody's corporate social responsibility or CSR strategy as well as highlight a few awards that we have recently won. First, on Moody's CSR strategy, earlier this week Moody's published its annual CSR report, detailing the Company's progress and delivering on its goal of empowering people around the world to create a better future for themselves, their communities and the environment. As part of its focus on empowering people with financial knowledge, Moody's recently announced Reshape Tomorrow, an initiative to partner with organizations around the world to help small business owners overcome some of the challenges of growing their enterprises. The report details Moody's ongoing initiatives to support financial empowerment as well as each of its other areas of focus, activating an environmentally sustainable future and helping young people reach their potential. I want to thank our employees for bringing Moody's CSR purpose to life through their time, expertise, and passion. For more information and to view the report, please see the CSR press release that we issued on July 24 or visit moodys.com/CSR. Finally, I am proud to mention some positive recognition that we have received in the market. Moody's Investors Service was recently named the #1 credit rating agency in Institutional Investor's 2018 All-America Fixed-Income Research poll. This marks our seventh year in a row winning this title. Additionally, MIS was recently named the Best Credit Rating Agency in Mexico in 2018 by Capital Finance International. This represents our first such award in the Latin American region. Moody's Analytics was named category leader in the prestigious Chartis FinTech Quadrant and RiskTech Quadrant for work in three product areas, credit risk, CECL technology, and balance sheet management. In 2018 Risk Technology Awards, MA was also recognized as provider of the year in three areas, credit data, wholesale credit modeling, and credit stress testing. For the second year in a row, MA's structured finance portal was named CLO Data Provider of the Year at the GlobalCapital U.S. Securitization Awards. And The Asian Banker cited Moody's Analytics as the best risk technology implementation of the year in two areas, regulatory compliance reporting and asset liability management. So, congratulations to our colleagues at both MIS and MA. This concludes our prepared remarks, and joining Steve and me for the question-and-answer session are Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics, and Rob Fauber, President of Moody's Investors Service. We'd be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Manav Patnaik at Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: My first question is just to touch a little bit on the guidance. It sounds like the total Company revenue growth revisions is led by the Moody's Analytics business. So, I was wondering if you could just go through why the organic growth is lower. I would have expected total obviously because of the FX, but is there something else going on in there?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: I'll let my colleagues weigh in with any color that they want to offer, Manav, but really I think the most important element of any of the revenue adjustments that we have made, or almost all of them that we have made, starts with a discussion about FX. And while FX has been favorable compared to 2017, it is unfavorable compared to our beginning of the year and Q1 assumptions for exchange rates. So, that has driven the adjustments in multiple lines of our guidance, and we are able to continue to project EPS within the existing ranges because it's had an impact both on revenue and on expense, and so they have moved in tandem.
Stephen Maire: Just some additional context on the FX, Manav, just to highlight how it's impacting, so the rate that we were using when we first put out our guidance in February, it was the spot rate at the time which was $1.23 to the euro. Our updated forecast is now using what are currently spot rates of $1.17. So, it was $1.25 rather then and it came down to $1.17. So $0.08 have come off the euro since we've put out our guidance in February, so that's driving part of it. And then the other thing I would point to as well, if you look at the euro price performance last year, in the first half of the year, it averaged about $1.08 and then strengthened pretty meaningfully and it would average $1.18 in the second half of the year. So, on both ends, it's been a challenge for us, and that's been reflected in what you are seeing on the guides.
Manav Patnaik: And I guess just to follow-up on that, so what is the FX impact, how many points in the total Company and by segment? And I guess, does that answer also then imply the organic growth reduction in Moody's Analytics was also all FX?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: It's primarily FX, yes. There is a small adjustment for ERS, but the rest of the story is FX, Manav.
Mark E. Almeida: Yes, so that’s right, Manav. It's Mark. It's almost entirely FX. We had a couple of million dollars that we took down ERS due to the underlying business, but substantially it's 100% FX.
Manav Patnaik: And just the assumption of how many points FX is hitting the line?
Stephen Maire: So, in our current forecast, you’ve got about 1% or 2% on revenue and op income favorable and about 1% unfavorable on expense. So, less of a tailwind than it was coming into the year.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. And then just one last one for me, so it sounds like when you look at S&P's results, it sounds like FIG was the standout here in the quarter. Is that something unique to Moody's going on or is that -- is it one of those things that can fluctuate quarter to quarter?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: I'll let Rob comment on that, but you are correct, we did have strength in financial institutions, both in the insurance sector and in important parts of the banking sector. Rob?
Robert Fauber: Yes, that's right. I think we have described FIG as traditionally a relationship-based segment, but in recent years as we have grown this franchise, we’ve expanded more beyond the traditional bank customer base and added more insurers, non-bank financial companies asset managers and the like, and that contributed to the growth in 2Q because we had good revenue growth driven by a variety of factors here. One was, as Ray just noted, strong issuance by the insurance sector, particularly in the U.S. and Asia, and that was driven both by M&A and some balance sheet management activities. In banking, we saw some increased supply from infrequent issuers, and remember that was a story we had a bit last year as well as some solid issuance out of Southeast Asia, and then first-time issuers such as FinCos and LeaseCos, so that's those non-bank financial companies I have talked about, and in terms of first-time mandates, just to give you a sense, in the financial institution segment, we've added some dedicated commercial resource to focus on this space, and we have signed over 100 FTMs globally through the first half of 2018.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: First-time mandates.
Robert Fauber: Yes, first-time mandates, sorry.
Manav Patnaik: All right, great. Thanks for the color there.
Operator: We'll go next to Alex Kramm at UBS.
Alex Kramm: Just staying on the guidance for a minute, if we can switch to Moody's Investment Services for a little bit, obviously you moved a couple of things around there. Can you maybe just give us a little bit of a sense where you may be a little bit more conservative in your outlook, where you may have more or less visibility? The thing in particular that some investors have brought up to me today that they thought structured finance you should have had a little bit more room to revise the guidance there. So just wondering if you feel like that's an area in particular where you're being conservative or what you're seeing out there?
Robert Fauber: Alex, I'll take that one. You're right, overall we had a few changes to the segment and that was driven by a combination of kind of the market conditions as well as the FX unfavorability that Ray mentioned obviously at the MIS level that kept us within the mid-single digit range. In structured finance, I don't tend to think we're being conservative. We're trying to be as accurate as we can here. We've had a continuation of the trend we saw in the first quarter of 2018, with further strength coming from CLOs, and that was the primary support for our guidance. And we've said I think in terms of CLOs, we'll probably see a bit of a surge in activity once we get past Labor Day. In corporate finance, again similar trend that we saw in first quarter of 2018, we've seen some weaker issues -- conditions in parts of the corporate finance market, and that's U.S. high-yield in Greater China, along with again a little bit less FX tailwind than we had projected. In the public, project and infrastructure finance segment, we've seen some continued softness in U.S. PFG and that led to the decrease in our guide there. But overall, we expect, just back to that FX theme, kind of little to no benefit in FX in the second half and that's versus the modest benefit that we had projected in April that Ray touched on, and that impacts all the segments and it's factored into our guidance.
Stephen Maire: And let me just jump in, Alex, and provide the update that we typically do on these calls, from what we're hearing from the investment banks where we go around and query a handful of them to give their current market views and what they are saying. This is a slide that's up on the Webcast now. Views are from a variety of investment banks as I mentioned and they are from both financial and non-financial. It's U.S. dollar which this first slide is, doesn't necessarily align with Moody's revenue categorization. So it's not apples to apples but hopefully this will give you a little bit of a sense for what the banks are seeing. So on investment grade, expecting full year to be down approximately 5% to 10%, that's not a big shift from where they had been earlier in the year. There's been increased volatility in the markets, as everyone is aware, and that's sidelined some issuers. Just to put some color around the increase of volatility, the average VIX for all of 2017 was 11. The average so far for 2018 has been 16. So, 2018 has been 16, so pretty significant move up just in terms of the total market environment volatility there. Credit spreads have widened since the beginning of the year, but still remain relatively low by historical standard. Looking at the Bloomberg Barclays Agg, it's currently sitting about 20 basis points wide from where we were coming into the year, but we are 10 basis points off the wides where we were a few weeks ago. But for some context there, the 10-year average, we're still 60 basis points below that, so again on historical basis still relatively attractive. They've seen some cash repatriaters have been out of the market, particularly in the tech sector, not surprising there. Bank issuance has been strong recently post earnings reports and they are expecting some non-financial corporate to hit the market, access the market post Labor Day, which is typically the trend that you see. I would also comment that a large portion of the pipeline they are seeing is comprised of M&A. So moving on the high yield also down 5% to 10%, equity market volatility, and interest rate hikes has slowed issuance in this asset class, and issuance that they have seen has primarily been due to refinancings. High-yield spreads have widened for the beginning of the year despite limited issuance. The pipelines are light with some rotation out of bonds into loans, which has really been the story so far this year. So, loans, their forecast for full year is flat to down, but that's off a very high base. It was a record blockbuster 2017 for this product. Leveraged loan market remains robust. The spreads have widened a bit, similar to high-yield investment grade. Primarily that's being driven by just lot of new issuance that's coming on to the market. But quoting Ray, issuance clearly does still remain attractive in a rising rate environment, which we're in here in the U.S. Repricings and refinancing activity have continued to be the main drivers of issuance and M&A size is the next largest. So full year slightly down, as I said, from 2017 levels but there could be some upside based on what we're seeing on the M&A front. One thing I would point out here as well on fund flows into this asset class. We got 9 billion year-to-date and that compares to 10 billion for our full year 2017. So there continues to be a lot of capital coming into this asset class, which has been supporting it. Moving to Europe, on the investment grade side, issuance is down double-digits so far year-to-date. The pipeline is relatively soft. The ECB is still in the market, although that's expected to end by the end of the year, although yesterday they did comment that they don't plan to move rates until next summer at the earliest, of course market and data dependent. Their spreads have moved wider, similar to the U.S. in the beginning of the year, but still remain tight by historical standards, and they continue to see growth in GDP and corporate profits, which is encouraging of course. On the spec rate side, both high-yield and leveraged loan markets are fundamentally sound, they described it, though issuance levels faced tough comps over what we saw in 2017 and spreads have also widened but remain attractive on historical basis. Healthy pipeline, M&A, seems to be the driver there. And then political uncertainty, their potential for increased trade protectionism that we're seeing, are causing some caution in that market. So hope that helps to round out a little bit, and I don't know, Rob, if you have anything else you want to add.
Robert Fauber: Yes, maybe Alex, just to try to sort of answer your question around our view on corporate, just given where we're seeing high yield so far this year and the rotation from high yield into bank loans, I think we'd probably be at in our own view to be kind of at the lower end of those estimates, street estimates that Steve just gave you on high yield, and probably towards the higher end on bank loans.
Alex Kramm: That's great. Thank you. And then just maybe shifting gears quickly to Mark, on BVD, maybe it would be helpful to parse out the moving pieces here that you saw. When I look at the adjusted numbers, meaning adding back the revenue recognition math, I think, A, last quarter was 83.5 million and you did 86 million this quarter, which is I think if you analyze it, it's nice double-digit growth, but you also had FX work against you, and I think last quarter you had something slip. So, long story short, maybe you can just give us a little bit of a view what the kind of like clean growth rates are that you're seeing right now, healthy double digits, is it accelerating, how would you feel about the remainder of the year?
Mark E. Almeida: So, Alex, happy to do that. Apples to apples, Bureau Van Dijk's first half revenue growth is just over 12%, and that's in constant dollars, so there's no FX noise in there. It reflects the add-back of the haircut. But we're very pleased with 12%. That's a nice improvement over the Company's growth rate prior to our having acquired. So the underlying business is performing very, very well. We're very pleased with what's going on there. We don't see any sluggishness at all, in fact just the opposite.
Alex Kramm: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Toni Kaplan at Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan: Can you give us an update on what you think is going on in issuance with respect to pull-forward? And also, can you talk about whether you see the widening spreads that you just discussed, has that made your MIS guidance a bit more cautious, do you see sort of the widening spreads continuing?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: It's Ray. I do think we're going to continue to see spreads widen out a bit, as we have a consensus view around perhaps two more interest rate increases this year. If the markets continue to perform as they have, however default rates are expected to remain low, our forecast for default rates has been declining on a 12 months forward basis. So that is going to help constrain any substantial spread widening. So, we're expecting wider spreads but we're also expecting on an absolute basis for borrowing conditions to remain attractive. In terms of pull-forward, yes, we have had a lot of pull forward of what would have been maturing debt in 2018. That was pulled forward largely into 2016, 2017. So, what's really been supporting the market this year is M&A activity and borrowing for share repurchase, et cetera, a bit of a tick up in capital expenditure as well. Whether we will see pull forward of 2019, 2020 maturities into an environment where there are expectations for rising rates or whether corporations will more broadly choose to ride it out, we're just going to have to see. So, we obviously will pay close attention to that.
Toni Kaplan: That's helpful. And you've mentioned in the past that you probably see the most operating leverage within U.S. corporate finance. I was wondering if you could talk about how much operating leverage you get in the structured business and if there's a need to add staff when the market is going as well as it is now. Thanks.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: I guess my first comment in terms of the operating leverage that comes out of any of our business lines has to do with what the nature of the issuance environment is. If we're getting a lot of first-time issuers, a lot of first-time mandates, as we have been, there is less operating leverage because we are adding staff to address those new relationships, those new credits that we are rating. If it is refinancing activity or additional borrowing by institutions that we already have rating relationships with and they are ramping up their capital markets activity, there is more operating leverage there. I would also say, because of the transactional nature of structured finance, it tends to have less operating leverage opportunity. As the number of transactions increases, again we need more people to rate those transactions. So there are circumstances where we can get additional operating leverage in structured finance, but I don't think that's a natural condition of that business as volumes increase.
Operator: Our next question is from Joseph Foresi at Cantor Fitzgerald.
Michael Reid: This is Mike Reid on for Joe. Just wondering if you could into some detail on QuantCube and the investment there?
Robert Fauber: This is Rob. We made a small minority investment in QuantCube this quarter. They are a firm that focuses on artificial intelligence with a big data platform and we started to work with them around collecting alternative data and building models and insights into both macro, and also we're working with them around some of the environmental, social and governance initiatives that we have underway. So, it was a way for us to kind of partner with an innovative technology company and augment our capabilities and get some ultimately we think some interesting data that we can work into our analytics and our research.
Michael Reid: Okay. And then, could you give us any detail on the outlook and progress in Asia and if there's anything new there to call out?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Yes, the Asia business overall is doing well. You saw that we benefited from in particular in the financial institutions area in Asia this quarter. I guess more structurally, China continues to be an important area of focus. We are in process of applying for a domestic license in China to rate in the invested Chinese bond market. The pace at which that application will be evaluated and hopefully ultimately approved is uncertain. And it's also, honestly, some of the uncertainty comes from the macro environment and the geopolitical environment and whether there will be any delays or breakthroughs on that front which could have an impact not only on ourselves but on the pace of entry for foreign firms in a number of areas and the pace of opening of the Chinese market.
Operator: We'll go next to Peter Appert at Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert: So Mark, at the risk of sounding ungrateful for your hard work, it feels like the margin performance in Analytics continues to lag relative to what we might expect given the magnitude of revenue gains and the incremental contribution from BVD. So, can you talk about the trajectory in margins?
Mark E. Almeida: Yes. I guess we see it differently, Peter. Bureau Van Dijk is definitely helping the MA margin, and that's despite the fact that we are spending money to bring Bureau Van Dijk up to public company standards and it's also despite that continued haircut on the top line that we've got due to the accounting. For the first six months of this year, if you look at Bureau Van Dijk just on a standalone basis, its margin is north of 30%, and the legacy MA business ignoring Bureau Van Dijk is just about 23%. So, in the aggregate we're about 25%. So we are seeing some good lift from Bureau Van Dijk. And if not for that deferred revenue haircut of $16 million year-to-date, you'd see Bureau Van Dijk's margin would be up over 35%, and that would take MA up above 26. So, all of that is consistent with what we've expected. And again, I'd remind you that we are spending money at Bureau Van Dijk as we move them from being a private equity owned company to a unit of public company. Also, keep in mind, we've owned the company for less than a year and the P&L impact of our expense and revenue synergies are only just starting to hit the P&L. So I think there's a lot more positive margin impact that we're going to see from Bureau Van Dijk, especially as we get into next year. You also have to bear in mind that Bureau Van Dijk, it represents, thus far represents less than 20% of total MA revenue for the first six months of this year. So, as profitable as Bureau Van Dijk is, it's just not having that much impact yet. It has having good impact. As I said, it's impact is consistent with what we expected. We're very pleased with how things are going there and we think there's more runway for us on the margin. And then also I'd add that on a standalone basis, we're continuing to do our work in the rest of Moody's Analytics to expand the margin and we'd like the trajectory we're on there. We're continuing to make good, steady, gradual progress to raise the margin. Again, I'd remind you to look at our adjusted operating margin on a trailing 12-months basis rather than looking at discrete quarters because it's not unusual to have a little bit of idiosyncrasy on the expense line in any given quarter. But again, on a trailing 12-months basis, we're making very steady progress and we expect to continue to make very steady progress.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Just as a point of emphasis, Peter, I would also underscore Mark's initial comments about the investment we're making in Bureau Van Dijk to make sure that its systems and processes are consistent with a public company asset, and it's not one-off expenses. Those expenses, even the ones that will continue, are not going to grow as Bureau Van Dijk grows. We're going to have those installed and that's an expense that we are taking on now that is going to form a base going forward that doesn't have to grow as the overall Bureau Van Dijk business grows. And I would also emphasize, this is all consistent with our acquisition model, and the performance we've been expecting to see, it's coming through.
Mark E. Almeida: Right. And of course also the synergies that we talked about when we acquired the company.
Peter Appert: Right, great. Thank you for all those points. That's very helpful. So I guess, just two quick follow-ups, Mark. The implication would be then as we cycle through the deferred revenue issue in the second half, we should see a pretty dramatic step-up in terms of the year-to-year and I guess quarter to quarter margin performance. So something, from what you said earlier, it sounds like something like 500 basis points perhaps of incremental margin specifically from BVD, so that was point one. Point two then is, maybe I'm remembering incorrectly, but I thought that BVD pre-acquisition was closer to 50% margin. So is the haircut in margin that dramatic from the incremental cost of being part of a public company?
Mark E. Almeida: Again, I think that we did not expect or intend to continue to run Bureau Van Dijk at anything like the kinds of margins that it was running at when it was owned by private equity. We knew there was work that we were going to have to do, particularly in the short run, but the nature of the business is such, and this was Ray's point, the nature of the business is such that there is an awful lot of operating leverage to be realized as we accelerate the growth on the top line. We've seen good top line acceleration, as I mentioned earlier, and we feel very confident about sustaining that over the coming years. So, I don't know that we'll be at the levels that the company was at when it was in the hands of private equity, but it will be a very nicely profitable business and additive to the margin of MA overall.
Stephen Maire: And one comment I would make on it as well, Peter, it's not an exact apple to apples comparison, because the number you were citing was in IFRS accounting, and there are some accounting differences between U.S. GAAP and IFRS that impact the margin. Specifically, the costs of developing software were capitalized under IFRS and they are expensed under GAAP. It doesn't meet the criteria. So that shaved a couple of points off the margin versus what you saw there. So it's not exactly apples to apples, I guess is the one point I would make.
Peter Appert: Yes, okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll move next to Jeff Silber at BMO Capital Markets.
Jeffrey Silber: I know this isn't going to have a direct impact on your business but I'm curious about the noise and uncertainty going around with the trade wars and tariffs. Are you seeing any pushback or perhaps uncertainty on the part of your clients to issue more debt or any other part of your business being affected?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: It's hard to tell specifically who might decide to sit on the sidelines who otherwise would have issued debt as a result of tariffs or trade frictions. What we can look at though and what our economists can forecast are the implications for GDP from different kinds of trade scenarios. And in terms of the tariffs that have already been announced, the impact is very, very minimal in our forecast, 0.1%. If other elements of the tariffs that had been discussed but not implemented were implemented, that would add another 0.1%. And if we had a full-out trade war, as our economists [say] [ph], Trade Armageddon, that would start moving us toward 0.5% impact in their estimation, so just to give you a sense of dimension of this.
Jeffrey Silber: Right. That's very helpful, and I think you've always said that the issuance trends can be more tied to changes in GDP, if I remember correctly.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Yes. Over time, absolutely, I think that's what we would link it to, correct.
Jeffrey Silber: Okay, great. And then just sorry to go back to guidance, just one more question and this is minor, but you took your CapEx guidance down for the year. Is it something that's being deferred to next year, if you could give us a little bit more color? Thanks so much.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: We're deferring a couple of projects that are not essential to the growth of the business, and we're probably going to take some of those projects in and modularize them, take them on in pieces. So we just paused and we're going to be looking at that in the context of our 2019 planning and budgeting.
Jeffrey Silber: Okay, fair enough. Thanks so much.
Operator: We'll go next to Tim McHugh at William Blair.
Timothy McHugh: Just one question maybe, the reasons for the ERS being a little softer than you had I guess planned?
Mark E. Almeida: Yes, Tim, it's Mark. It's very much as Steve described earlier on the call. The situation as we make this transition from selling traditional software sold on a perpetual license basis and doing these large implementation projects moving more to a SaaS model, what we're seeing is the trade-off there is that the first year fees when you're selling on a subscription basis are just at a much lower level than the fees we would have been realizing if we were selling on a perpetual license basis. Now, we make that up over a couple of year period because we are charging those subscription fees year in and year out, so over a three or four-year period we're even and then we pull ahead after that. So, as that transition is occurring, what we're seeing is that the decline in those one-time fees is happening a little bit more quickly than we're seeing the ramp-up in the subscription fees. So it's really just the timing thing of not getting the one-time fees and not realizing the subscription fees at quite the same pace that we had based our guidance on. So, as I said, that's a couple of million dollars on the ERS line, and so that together with the FX impact has caused us to bring down the outlook there.
Operator: We'll take our next question today from Craig Huber at Huber Research.
Craig Huber: Ray or Rob, would you give us a little bit more update on the outlook I guess on the bank loan sector we were expecting in the second half of the year, just above and beyond what you said investment banks were thinking, what do you guys think of the outlook into the second half of the year, how it will impact your ratings business? Then I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Rob, you want to take that?
Robert Fauber: So, I think first of all, just in terms of where we are on bank loans, obviously bank loan issuance picked up in the quarter pretty significantly versus the first quarter of 2018. And Steve mentioned, we've seen a rotation out of high-yield and into bank loans with some very strong demand for that floating-rate paper. Getting speculation about half of U.S. interest rates have very strong bid from CLOs. I'd note that the use of proceeds has shifted from the first half of this year – in the first half of this year versus the first half of last year. We're certainly seeing more M&A driven financing, while the refi and amended extend has declined as a percent of the total. In Europe, pretty similar drivers in a particularly notable pickup in that acquisition financing, which continue the trend that we saw in the first quarter of 2018. There's a nice backlog of M&A financing in the European leverage finance space. I'd also note, this area has been a real focus for us. We've got a very experienced leveraged finance and CLO team. We have added some commercial resource to focusing specifically on the loan market, both in the U.S. and Europe, to make sure that we're addressing all this demand. You mentioned kind of view for the second half. It's interesting that when we look at what issuance did last year, we saw actually a fairly meaningful deceleration in bank loan issuance in the second half of 2017 from the first half of 2017. And so, we're expecting something similar this year. That means that despite a decline in issuance volumes in the second half of this year from the first half on a sequential basis, we do think we can see revenue growth over the same period last year, and we've included that in our guidance. And that then also ties back to this mix shift I talked about. That revenue growth is going to be supported by the shift to this more M&A driven activity and less of the refi. We have said that's true in the U.S. and especially in EMEA.
Craig Huber: My other question, Ray or Rob, corporate sector out there, are you seeing anything out there, there's lot of worries with some investors, there's too much debt in the corporate market, are you seeing any signs at all, whether it'd be in the U.S. or Europe, that there's too much high-yield or investment-grade debt out there, with the various ratios of course? And I guess somebody should ask, what's an update on the CFO search please? Thanks.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: With respect to leverage levels, again, we are not seeing anything that would indicate a dramatic increase in leverage. To your point though, Craig, the markets have definitely been open for increasingly lower rated credits. And so, even though we may not see leverage increasing by rating category, we are seeing lower rated credits getting into the market, and those will be riskier names obviously. So, that's how we're lining it up. As far as CFO search is concerned, I think we'll be in a position to make an announcement shortly.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Let's take our next question from Bill Warmington at Wells Fargo.
William Warmington: So, a couple of questions for you on BVD. Ray, in your comments, initially you mentioned some U.S. and Asia sales wins, and I was just going to ask for some color there, and don't hold back, it ain't bragging if you've done it.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: As long as we're going to claim credit, I'll let Mark do that.
Mark E. Almeida: Bill, what we're talking about there is, we're seeing some very nice wins by leveraging the Moody's Analytics sales and distribution capacity in the U.S. and Asia. That was an area that we identified as a potential synergy, given our customer relationships in those markets being deeper than those of Bureau Van Dijk, our brand having more resonance and recognition among customers in those markets than was true with Bureau Van Dijk. So, we've had some very nice sizable wins in both markets and we feel very good about what's happening there. So we just wanted to highlight those because, as I said, they were consistent with some of the plans we had going into this project from the outset.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: And you'll recall that at the time of acquisition, about 75% of Bureau Van Dijk's business was in Europe. And so, getting sales outside of that area of real strength for Bureau Van Dijk historically is particularly interesting for us.
Mark E. Almeida: Yes. And I should add to that as well. Bureau Van Dijk had a product, has a product that competed with a product that we offer in ERS. We have joined forces there. One of the big wins we had in Asia recently was where we went to market with a joint proposal offering both the Moody's Analytics option as well as the Bureau Van Dijk option, and we had a very successful win there. So, we're seeing good progress on a couple of different fronts through our collaboration with Bureau Van Dijk in Asia. So we're very pleased with that.
William Warmington: You had also mentioned the rebranding on the Orbis Bank Focus as Moody's Analytics BankFocus. I was hoping to ask for an update on the 2018 launch. And then also you had talked about targeting the interbank credit market initially. Is that still the go-to-market strategy there?
Mark E. Almeida: Yes, that's a fundamental part of what we're doing with BankFocus. I would characterize it as early days. I think we are making good progress there, again, both on reaching out to the market, getting in front of our customers, by our customers I mean Moody's Analytics relationships, introducing them to the product, applying some of both the Moody's Analytics knowhow to that product and adding some new features and functionality to the product. So, I think there is good work going on both on the sales side as well as the product development side. And as I said, it's early days but we like the trajectory and we continue to be bullish about the opportunity there.
William Warmington: All right, thank you very much and I wish everybody a good weekend.
Operator: We'll go next to Vincent Hung at Autonomous.
Vincent Hung: Just one for me, so you gave us the first-time mandates for FIG, what the issuer trends like for the other ratings categories?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Let me see if I can get Rob to give you some color on that.
Robert Fauber: Very strong new mandate growth that continued from the first quarter into the second quarter, also up versus the prior year quarter, so both on a sequential and a prior year basis. We're now looking at, we now have over 600 new mandates through the first half of the year. We had last year something like 1,040 for the full year of 2017. So a very strong pace in the first half of 2018. We did get the question earlier about pull-forward. We may have seen a little bit of pull-forward of these first-time mandates into the first half of 2018 from the second half amidst obviously a rising rate environment and spreads no longer narrowing. So there may have been a little bit of pull-forward within the calendar year, but very strong. The regions outside the U.S. that slowed from what was a pretty torrid pace of growth last year, and interestingly, first time mandates in APAC actually declined in second quarter of 2018 versus the same period last year, and that's primarily as we saw the kind of cooling down of the market conditions for corporate finance in Greater China in the first half of 2018. But overall, a very good story.
Operator: And with no additional questions at this time, Mr. McDaniel, I'll turn things back over to you, sir.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Okay, just want to thank you all again for joining today's call and we look forward to speaking with you in the fall. Thanks.
Operator: And once again, this does conclude today's Moody's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the Company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the Second Quarter 2018 Earnings section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay of this call will be available after 3.30 Eastern Time on the Moody's IR Web-site. Once again, that concludes today's call. Thank you for joining us.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-28 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Maire - Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications Ray McDaniel - President and Chief Executive Officer Bob Fauber - President, Moody's Investors Service Mark Almeida - President, Moody's Analytics
Analysts: Conor Fitzgerald - Goldman Sachs Toni Kaplan - Morgan Stanley Alex Kramm - UBS Manav Patnaik - Barclays Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray Jeffrey Silber - BMO Capital Markets Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Bill Warmington - Wells Fargo Tim McHugh - William Blair & Company Vincent Hung - Autonomous Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James
Operator: Good day, and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I'd like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for question-and-answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Steve Maire, Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications. Please go ahead.
Steve Maire: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's first quarter 2018 results, as well as our current outlook for full-year 2018. I am Steve Maire, Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications. This morning, Moody's released its results for the first quarter of 2018, as well as our current outlook for full year 2018. An earnings press release and a presentation to accompany the teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. During this call, we will be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. To view the nearest equivalent GAAP figures and GAAP reconciliations, please refer to our earnings release that was filed this morning. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the Risk Factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the SEC's website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel: Thank you, Steve. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's First Quarter 2018 Financial Results. Steve is going to help me out with the prepared remarks by following up with some additional first quarter financial details and operating highlights. I'll then conclude with comments on our current outlook for 2018. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. In the first quarter, Moody's achieve a record revenue of $1.1 billion a 16% increased from the first quarter of 2017, reflecting not only a strong contribution from Bureau van Dijk and but also solid organic growth from Moody's analytics, Moody's investor service contributed broad based transaction revenue growth particularly from structured finance activity as well as recurring revenue growth as 2017 new rating mandates became monitored credits.  Operating expenses for the first quarter of 2018 totaled $636 million up 20% from the prior year period including 12 percentage points attributable to Bureau van Dijk operating expenses, amortization of acquired intangible assets and non-recurring acquisition-related expense.  Operating income was $491 million, up 10% in the first quarter of 2017. Adjusted operating income of $541 million was up 13%. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted operating income and adjusted operating income by 4% each. The operating margin was 43.6% and the adjusted operating margin was 48%.  Moody's diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.92 per share of 8% from the first quarter of 2017. Adjusted diluted EPS for the quarter was $2.02 per share up 35%, and excludes $0.10 per share related to amortization of acquired intangible assets and acquisition-related expenses. First quarter 2017 adjusted diluted EPS primarily excludes a $0.31 per share gain from strategic realignment and expansion involving Moody's China affiliate CC Exxon. Our business remains well-positioned to benefit from continued global economic expansion in 2018 and as such we are affirming our full year 2018 guidance of $7.20 to $7.40 for diluted EPS and $7.65 to $7.85 for adjusted diluted EPS.  I'll now turn the call back over to Steve to provide further commentary on our financial results and other upticks. 
Steve Maire: Thanks, Ray. I'll begin with revenue with the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody's total revenue for the first quarter was a record $1.1 billion, up 16%. U.S. revenue was of $598 million was up 3%; non-U.S. revenue of $529 million was up 33% and represented 47% of Moody's total revenue. Recurring revenue of $603 million was up 26% and represented 54% of total revenue. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted Moody's revenue by 4%. Looking now at each of our businesses starting with Moody's Investors Service. Total MIS revenue for the quarter was $720 million, up 8%. U.S. revenue increased to 3% to $433 million. Non-U.S. revenue of $287 million was up 17% and represented 40% of total MIS revenue. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted MIS revenue by 3%. Moving to the lines of business for MIS. First, corporate finance revenue for the first quarter was $378 million, up 7%. This result reflected strong contribution from EMEA bank loans and U.S. investment grade as well as growth in recurring revenue resulted from an increase in new mandates in 2017. U.S. and non-U.S. corporate finance revenues were up 1% and 20% respectively. Second, structured finance revenue totaled $130 million, up 29%. This results reflected broad strength in securitization markets with particularly strong levels at new CLO formation. U.S. and non-U.S. structured finance revenues were up 30% and 28% respectively.  Third, financial institutions revenue of $114 million was up 2%. This result reflected growth in issuance from the EMEA banks and U.S. insurance companies partially offset by a decrease in activities from Asian and U.S. banks. U.S. financial institutions revenue was down 4% while non U.S. revenue was up 7%. Fourth, public project and infrastructure finance revenue of $93 million was down 5%. This result primarily reflected a decrease in U.S. municipal insurance with loss tax exemptions for advanced refunding transaction. U.S. public project and infrastructure finance revenue was down 15% while non-US revenue was up 13%. Turning now to Moody's Analytics, total revenue for MA of $107 million was up 33%. U.S. revenue of the $164 million was up 6% while non U.S. revenue of $243 million was up 60%, and represented 60% of total MA revenue. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted MA revenue by 4%. Organic MA revenue for the first quarter of 2018 was $333 million up 9% from the prior year period. Moving now to the lines of business for Moody's Analytics. First, research data and analytics or RD&A revenue of $269 million was up 53%. U.S. RD&A revenue was up 11% and non-US RD&A revenue more than double. Bureau van Dijk's revenue contribution of approximately $74 million included a $10 million reduction as a result of the deferred revenue adjustment required under acquisition accounting rules. Organic RD&A revenue was $196 million, up 12% from the first quarter of 2017, driven by strength in sales of quarterly search and rating data fees. Second, enterprise risk solutions or ERS revenue of $100 million was up 4% from the prior year period. This result reflected strength in software subscription revenue partially offset by revenue decline from onetime projects and license.  U.S. ERS revenue was down 4% while non-US revenue was up 11%. Trailing 12 month revenue for ERS increased 6%, while sales were approximately flat. We continue to make progress on shifting the mix of the ERS business emphasize higher-margin products with trailing 12 month product sales of 5% and service sales down 14%. Recurring revenue represented 81% of total ERS revenue in the first quarter 2018, up from 76% in the prior year period. Finally, professional services revenue of $38 million was up 5%. U.S. professional services revenue was down 4%, while non-US revenue was up 10%. Turning now to operating expenses. Moody's first quarter operating expenses totaled $636 million up 20% from the prior year period. 12 percentage points of this increase were driven by operating expenses, amortization of acquired intangible assets and acquisition related expenses. Other drivers of expense growth include additional compensation expense for merit increases and hiring. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted operating expenses by 3%. On January 1, 2018 the company adopted the new ASC 606 revenue accounting standard using the modified retrospective approach. The impact of adoption was immature with those both revenues and expenses in the first quarter of 2018. The impact of ASC 606 was expected to be immaterial to the corporation and the remainder of the year, however it could create some quarterly volatility. As Ray mentioned, Moody's operating margin was 43.6% and adjusted operating margin was 48%. Moody's expected tax rate for the first quarter of 2018 was 14.6% down from 23.4% in the prior year period. The decline in the tax rate reflects the lower U.S. statutory tax rate net uncertain tax physician benefits relating to its statutory limitation exploration and higher benefit related to the tax accounting for accretive compensation.  Now, I'll provide an update on capital allocation. During the first quarter of 2018, Moody's repurchased approximately 300,000 shares at a total cost of $43 million or an average cost of $161.10 per share. Moody's also issued a net 1.2 million shares as part of its employee stock-based compensation plans and net amount includes the shares with held for employees payroll taxes. Moody's also returned $84 million to its shareholders via dividend payments and on April 24, the Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.44 per share of Moody's common stock. This dividend will be payable on June 11, 2018 to stockholders of record at the close of business on May 21, 2018. Outstanding shares as of March 31, 2018 totaled $191.9 million, approximately flat to a year ago. As of March 31, 2018, Moody's had approximately $500 million of share repurchase authority remaining. At quarter-end, Moody's had $5.5 billion of outstanding debt and $910 million of additional borrowing capacity available under its revolving credit facility. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at quarter end were $1.4 billion, an increase of 16% from December 31, 2017. Cash flow from operations for the first three months of 2018 was 392 million and increase from negative 512 million in the prior year period. Free cash flow for the first three months of 2018 was $377 million, an increase from negative $531 million from the prior year period. These increases in cash flow were largely due to payments the company made in the first quarter of 2017 pursuing through 2016 settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice and various states attorneys general And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Ray.
Ray McDaniel: Okay, thanks Steve. Before just discussion the changes to our full-year guidance for 2018. I'd like to provide some highlights on our progress with Bureau van Dijk integration and synergy activities. After nearly nine month since closing the acquisition our integration efforts are on track with not only legal and regulatory requirements, and executed cost reductions without disruption to the business. In March, we completed a rightsizing program to realize efficiencies across the combined employee base plus reducing compensation expense. Having co-located Moody's analytics and Bureau van Dijk staff in seven cities and with consolidation of additional offices expected through year-end we are well-positioned for significant reductions in real estate costs. We deployed Moody's analytics sales operations practices to Bureau van Dijk in order to gain increased sales productivity. Our pursuing joint marketing efforts and specialized product areas, we are building a solid pipeline of near-term cross-selling opportunities. In short, we are making good progress on the synergies that we anticipate when we announced the transaction. And the legacy Bureau van Dijk's business continues toward the results consistent with its historical performance. I'll conclude this morning's prepared comments by discussing the changes for our full year guidance for 2018. A complete list of Moody's guidance is included in table 12 of our first quarter 2018 earnings press release, which can be found on the Moody's investor relations website at ir.moodys.com. Moody's growth for 2018 is based on assumptions about many geopolitical conditions and macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, merger and acquisitions, consumer borrowing and securitization and the amount of debt issued. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our outlook assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. Specifically, our forecast reflects exchange rates for the British pound of the $1.40 to £1 and for the euro the $1.23 to €1. We are now expecting corporate finance revenue to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Structured finance revenue is now expected to increase in the high single-digit percent range. Before turning the call over to Q&A I would like to provide an update on Moody's corporate social responsibility strategy. Earlier this week we launched a global approach to CSR focused on empowering people around the world with the information, resources and confidence they need to create a better future for themselves their communities and the environment. We also announced We Shape Tomorrow, our signature financial empowerment initiative to help people succeed in growing small businesses. We Shape Tomorrow will provide small business owners access to vital information about the credit process and help them connect with sources of financing. Moody's seeking partnership proposals from organizations for We Shape Tomorrow programs and resources that provide essential financial knowledge, increase their chances of success. For more information and to submit a proposal, please see the CSR press release that we issued on April 24 or visit moodys.com/csr. This concludes our remarks and joining Steve and me for the question-and-answer session are Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics and Rob Fauber, President of Moody's Investor Service. We would be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: And our first question comes from Conor Fitzgerald with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Conor Fitzgerald: Just wanted to dig a little bit on the recurring revenue on the rating side where you had a pretty good quarter particularly in corporate finance. Just can you talk a little bit about the trends you are seeing in this space and how sustainable do you think the pace of growth is?
Ray McDaniel: Sure happy to Conor and I'll ask Rob Fauber to offer some initial thoughts on that.
Bob Fauber: Yes, so your first question was around recurring revenue. So somewhere to the fourth quarter among other things we saw increases in monitored credits, particularly in Europe and Asia where we have seen some very strong first time mandate growth and we have also got a modest benefit from FX. And if you recall we had over 1,000 first time mandates in 2017, so that's helping to support the current revenue growth. And I think your second question was around corporate generally. So looking at corporate issuance globally it was down somewhere in the neighborhood of 20% on this CFT revenues. Whereof we benefitted from some favorable mix, some good commercial execution, the higher new mandates that I mentioned, monitored credit growth and FX. We also saw some good growth in other transaction revenue and that includes our rating adjustment service that's typically driven by M&A activity and the rest of world issuance declines were largely confined to the European investment grade issuers which mitigated the revenue impact to some extent.
Steve Maire: And I would just add that as far as recurring revenue at MIS to the extent that is driven off of new rating mandates and we are benefiting from the strength of that in 2017. We do expect another robust year for our new rating mandates in '18.
Ray McDaniel: And then Connor let me just take the opportunity to give an update on what we're hearing from the street as we do every quarter and again keep in mind these are consolidated consensus views from a variety of different large investment banks has included both financial and non-financial that we would be necessarily in line with the rate and categorized revenue but hopefully will be instructed to at least what we're hearing on the ground in the bond markets here in the U.S. and in India. But so far investment grades guidance for full-year levels are about 1.2 trillion that's down roughly 5% to 10% from what were record levels in 2017. Overall conditions remain stable and fundamentals remain relatively strong and we are seeing a solid pipeline out front this week. For instance another was around 20 billion of investment-grade, I think calling next week or slightly higher than that as earnings blackout start to roll-off in May which is typically a fairly active month as from what we're hearing is shaping up to be so. Credit spreads have widened in the first quarter given equity market volatility but rallied a bit in April. The Barclays, Bloomberg aggregate bond index is roughly 10 basis wider here today. So the round trip is showing sort of modest widening on a year-to-date basis. And then other thing I've pointed out some cash repatriates have been out in the market so far in Q1 so let's keep an eye on that. Moving to high yield the forecast for full-year volumes 275 billion that's about flat to 2017, every market volatility and interest heights we've obviously seen one so far this year. The Fed is or the future market is pricing in between two and three incremental heights likely an excellent will be in June with a 90% plus probability. Issuance today is primarily have been driven by refinancing and high yield bond market but demand from investors remained strong and on the close I would say a similar story as to investment grade in terms of the joining has been taken year-to-date given the and tightening in January and selling off in February and March and then some rallying over the last several weeks but year-to-date relatively unchanged in credit spreads volume of bonds. On leverage loan side full-year forecast that we are hearing is roughly 500 billion. Again this is flat to down 10% on what was really just a game buster to the year this asset class in 2017, so a very high base. As the leverage loan market does remain strong as we now know and is obviously an attractive asset class in a rising rate environment. Repricing and refinancing activity this still remains robust that was with regard to last year and we're seeing that trend continue. Full-year 2018 expected to be slightly down as I mentioned somewhat was directed through that 2017 with some potential upside if we see M&A activity accelerate or rising rates create more demand for floating rate base than we already think. Moving to Europe on the investment grade side issuance has picked up in the beginning of the year. The demand remained solid as [we are hoping]. The spreads have moved a bit wider from the beginning of the year but remain tight by historical standard so similar dynamics to what we are seeing on the U.S. dollar spread investment grade. Bureau van Dijk continues to see strong growth in GDP and corporate profits. So that's the happy condition. On spec rate side both high yield and leverage loan markets are in good shape, though issuance levels face tough comps over what was a strong 2017. And spreads are narrow due to strong demand fueling opportunistic issuance, our pipeline is healthy and some of the -- some of our refinancing and repricing. So I hope that helps.
Conor Fitzgerald: And then just one on capital and capital return, cash is up at the quarter and you have got some debt pay downs coming in as we get through the rest of the year. I just wanted to get your updated thoughts on what you are thinking about doing with the free cash flow? I think based on your guidance you still have a little extra wiggle room such with all those moving pieces together, buybacks, debt pay down, et cetera. So just wanted to get your updated thoughts.
Ray McDaniel: Our thinking there really hasn't changed, Connor. We have been very upfront really since we announced the Bureau van Dijk acquisition that our near term priority would be deleveraging from the debt that we took on to finance that acquisition. But we haven't come off of that, as you know we took our share repurchase target for 2017 to 200 million, 2018 the same amount and that's enough to offset dilution from employee shares issuance. So we are still marching along those same times. To the extent that we are able to reach our leverage targets sooner than we expected, I'd say at this point we are a bit ahead of pace than we had initially thought, then we will [fortunately] to reevaluate over the months there. But right now near term it is actually prepaying debt.
Operator: And I'll take our next question from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan: You had a good quarter in corporate finance, revenue up basically 7% globally and really difficult comp in that business. So I think I was just a little bit surprised that the revenue guide for the year, you lowered it and so can you just talk about -- I guess you just talked about like what's going on in the markets but I'm just not totally sure as to what to think for the rest of the year given [indiscernible] guide but okay first quarter.
Ray McDaniel: Yes, Rob may want to provide some additional color but the high level answer is we do have a moderation of issuance expectations for U.S. high-yield and many investment grade bonds. And you add to that what we anticipate will be an adverse shift in foreign currency translation and that's really contributing to the modest reset in our guidance.
Toni Kaplan: And then for Moody's Analytics, we noticed that the margins were -- it was about 20 basis points -- were up about 200 basis points but they are down sequentially from -- for the second half of '17. And so we are just wondering if you have to sort of look at the legacy business margin expansion as opposed to just BVD been included. How should we think about the legacy margin expansion if you exclude that?
Ray McDaniel: Mark you want to try and address that.
Mark Almeida: Yes, Toni we did have what we thought was good year-on-year margin expansion and moreover, we have got another quarter of margin expansion on a trailing 12 months basis. So I think that's five consecutive quarters now that on a trailing 12 months basis the margin is expanding. And that's really the number that we focused on because you can get some weird things going on with the numbers if you look at anyone discreet quarter. But the margin expansion is coming from both the legacy business as well as from Bureau van Dijk. Both pieces are contributing to expansion and that's in spite of the hair cut on the Bureau van Dijk revenue associated with the accounting and also the extra overhead allocation that Moody's Analytics is now attracting because of the growth in the scale of the business relative to MIS with the addition of Bureau van Dijk. So we are -- actually we are quite pleased with the way the margin is expanding and we feel like where we really are delivering on what we talked about with respect to delivering consistent gradual progress in expanding the margin and again focusing very heavily on the trailing 12 months performance rather than the discreet quarters.
Steve Maire: And I will just comment to you Toni on the differed revenue hair cut that Mark just mentioned. We experienced 10 million of it this quarter, so we are most of the way through it. We got of 5 and some change left, 5 should likely hit next quarter and then [indiscernible] will be largely done and after that it goes way. So that will be a nice uplift for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm: Staying on I guess BVD Analytics for a minute here. I think a lot of people were surprised this morning by the revenue performance and RD&A and in particular on BVD. So maybe you can talk about it a little bit more why maybe some of us got that wrong in terms of the seasonality and how does it all ramp all throughout the year? But maybe most importantly I think the adjusted number for BVD was flat quarter-over-quarter so I guess I would have expected some growth in particular given that FX was helpful? So maybe a little bit more color would be great.
Ray McDaniel: Sure. Mark?
Mark Almeida: Alex taking the your second point first, the Bureau van Dijk numbers if you add back the haircut to what we reported you are right that it's flat from the fourth quarter to first quarter. What you are missing there is that we did take a hit to the top line in the first quarter because of the transition to the new accounting standard ASC 606. That did hurt us on the top line. We also had some timing delays in closing some of our renewal contracts that really relates to operational matters as opposed to commercial matters. We don't have issues with the customers or with the business but we just didn't get some of those contracts booked in the first quarter as expected. But we expect to get them shortly and we will see an acceleration like a catch up on the revenue recognition once we get those booked. So that's what going on there. The underlying business is performing well. As Ray said it's very much in line with if not better than the historical standalone performance of the business. So we feel very good about what's happening there. And then on the other point, I think that what you're seeing is that we do expect RD&A's growth rate to accelerate, particularly in the second half of the year. You need to keep in mind that what's happening here is that as we get into the third quarter, Bureau van Dijk numbers will start to roll into our organic calculations, because we will have them in the half of the third quarter and the full fourth quarter of '17. And as Steve just pointed out that deferred revenue haircut will go away. So we're willing to see very healthy growth in the organic RD&A figures as we get into the second half of the year.
Steve Maire: And then I guess just one other point I'd make Alex, you made a comment about expecting a nice lift from FX. The average rate on the Euro really wasn't materially different in Q4 versus Q1. Obviously the Euro strengthened pretty meaningfully last year, but most of that's in place sort of really to midyear. So it was relatively flat quarter on quarter.
Alex Kramm: Okay. And since then I thought it was up 4% or 5%, but it's okay. I will double check, anyways. And then secondly just quickly, I think when you gave the update on the issuance outlook, leverage loans was still cited as an area of strength and I think you colleagues said this yesterday too with flows to bond funds and demand for variable paper. But LIBOR has certainly been coming up a lot, so while spreads are tight in this demand, like what about the corporate side? Is there a point where some of these high yield issuers are seeing the variable rates just too high or do you think we are still pretty far away from that? And any color would be helpful.
Ray McDaniel: This is Ray, just the [ebbs in] borrowing costs are still attractive and I think there is room even in a rising rate environment for borrowing conditions to remain attractive. We may see later in the year some rebalancing between the relative attractiveness of floating versus fixed rate paper, it really depends on both policy and market reactions to policy on interest rate. So we'll see but we do see a broadly positive environment for borrowing continuing.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: I guess you answered my question I had on BVD but maybe if you do the rest of the Moody's Analytics business I think the organic growth is 9% you called out. I believe that includes FX benefits. So if I assume it's about 4% to 5% growth, I guess can you just help understand it feels a little slower than we would have expected? Any moving pieces maybe timing in the other pieces of RD&A, ERS and so forth?
Ray McDaniel: There is a little bit of timing there and like I said we do expect acceleration in the growth rate as we get into the second half of the year. But bear in mind we guided to low double-digit growth for MA organically. And we came in at 9% in Q1. Of course our guidance includes our expectations about FX. So I think things are running substantially as we expected. We don't see a big deviation from where our guidance is and where we see the business performing.
Manav Patnaik: That's fair. But I guess if I do a true organic constant currency number that 9 is probably 4 or 5. And I was just -- we have always thoughts that it should be more high single digit growth. So is there some -- so if that timing explain why that is in higher I suppose, was I was trying to get at?
Ray McDaniel: Well RD&A organically constant currency is up 7% in the first quarter. So again it feels pretty solid.
Manav Patnaik: And then just a follow-up, maybe just on the back drop. It sounds like you guys still remains constructive on the issuance backdrop as you were at Investor Day. Maybe just on the structured side like how much do you think -- it was pretty strong obviously in the quarter. Like how much of that do you think was pull forward and you see weakness and so forth? I know pull forwards a word we've been using for many years now but just some thoughts there would be helpful?
Ray McDaniel: As we talked about a little earlier in the year our expectations for robust issuance environment were relying more on a global GDP growth economic momentum, mergers and acquisition activity as opposed to refinancing that was going to be needed because of maturing debt in 2018. That being said you are correct we've had a continuing pull forward narrative and dialog and so as interest rates increase in 2018 we have to look out to 2019 and 2020 and see what corporations are thinking about the utility of refinancing in 2018 with rates where they are now versus their expectations for rates in 2019 and 2020 and we will have to watch and see where those decisions get made.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Joseph Foresi: I was wondering if you could be a little bit more specific on what caused the renewal delays or timing in RD&A and how you rectified it?
Mark Almeida: It's really -- it's pretty simple and frankly we've seen this before with some -- when we've acquired subscription businesses. The practices at Bureau van Dijk have not historically been as rigorous as we do think in Moody's Analytics and we haven't quiet gotten the discipline around getting our renewal contracts signed in book on a timely basis. But as we're making progress in getting them with the program and getting that work done the way we get it done across Moody's Analytics but we haven't quite gotten them to the level that we'd like. So that's really what I was referring to. It's not a massive amount of business but it does affect our numbers a little bit in the first quarter. But as I said we fully expect to get those sorted out in short order and will have the revenue catch up once they get booked. I should note that attrition in the business is holding very steady at kind of their historical experience, so we don't see any problems with the underlying business. It's really just an operational matter.
Joseph Foresi: And just to go back to guidance, why not raise the guidance at least on the margins and the earnings side of things? Is there a change you are expecting to the cost structure or was that due to the lower revenue outlook you mentioned a little bit earlier?
Steve Maire: It's -- I hope we are being cautious on the top line outlook but we have some robust comps that we are going to be lapping in for the rest of the year. And we are in an environment where rates are moving up at least modestly, spreads have widened out a bit. So we're taking a I think a prudent but you might say cautious approach to what the top line opportunity is for the rest of the year.
Ray McDaniel: And Joe I'd just add, just to give an update to help you with your modeling on the expense ramp we are expecting it still to increase between $60 million and $70 million from Q1 to Q4, so the starting point is obviously not 636 which is actually right in line with what we have talked about in the last call. So we are still expecting growth as we move through the year. So that's part of why we are being thoughtful about our guidance on the margins.
Operator: And our next question comes from Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert: Mark I want to make sure I fully understand the impact of deferred revenue of BVD on the profitability. Is it correct to say that your deferring revenue with all costs have to recognized as incurred, and therefore you are perhaps understating the margins currently and we might anticipate some fairly meaningful spike in margin in the third and fourth quarter? Hope it's right.
Mark Almeida: Yes, you understand that perfectly Peter. I think the only tweak I might make to what you said is just the -- I forget now what exactly what words used but you maybe said it with a bit more bigger than I would have in terms of the amount of additional margin we will see when we stop hair cutting the top line with these accounting adjustments. But yes, absolutely, we are absorbing and we are recording all of the expense but we are not recording all of that revenue on the P&L.
Peter Appert: Is it possible to quantify that a bit more then Mark in terms of -- for example in the first quarter you deferred 10 million of revenue. Would that imply if this is a 40% margin business, the operating income would have otherwise been formally and higher?
Mark Almeida: You did the math right, yes.
Peter Appert: Okay.
Mark Almeida: Peter just to clarify, the differed revenue haircut would have added $10 million to the top line and there would be taxes on that, but otherwise there's no additional expense associated with it. We are recognizing all of the expenses.
Steve Maire: And also just a reminder to everyone to how that works. The majority that we have taken in Q3 and Q4 last year. So it was roughly 50 all in, about 39 of that was taken, a little north of 39 that was taken in '17 in Q3 and Q4 so the remainder of the '16 is left in 2018. And again, we recognized the 10 this quarter projecting 5 next quarter and then this is very [indiscernible].
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jeffrey Silber with BMO Capital Markets.
Jeffrey Silber: I was wondering if we can get an update on the CFO search.
Ray McDaniel: Sure, it's ongoing, we've seen some excellent candidates. We have good candidates both inside Moody's and we are conducting an external search as well. I hope to be able to close out the search in the near future but it's still in process.
Jeffrey Silber: Okay. And when you are saying you are searching, can you remind me if you put a time expectation on that beforehand?
Ray McDaniel: Well I'd like to have it done today but I want to make sure that we get the best possible candidate. So I'm not going to put a deadline on it, I'm just going to keep working at it.
Jeffrey Silber: I understand. I appreciate that. And just one quick numbers question. I know the tax rate was lower this quarter, you highlighted some of the items. What would we be using going forward for the tax rate for our models?
Steve Maire: It was quite a bit lower and we commented on the last call to expect exactly that. We have estimates of excess tax benefit related to the stock comp accounting of roughly 40 million for the year and we said that it was obviously [weighted] towards the first quarter. In fact it was about 35%, 30 million was taken in the first quarter, there's 10 or so remaining of it fairly evenly spread out. So that was one piece that was impacting the tax rate. Another item that you really wouldn't have visibility into but there was an alternate benefit that we received in the first quarter from the statute limitations expiration on certain of that tax to uncertain tax positions that we have a reserve for. So we reversed those out, so that further brought down the ETR. So going forward Jeff, obviously 14.6% in Q1 we haven't changed our guidance of 22% to 23% so the math would indicate that it's going to likely have to be slightly higher than that 22% to 23% for the remaining quarters in order to average out to the 22 to 23 guidance.
Operator: And we will take our next question Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Ray, would you willing just talking further about your outlook here for bank loan issuance and for the rest of the year here? I know you talked at the investment bank side, I think it would be down -- flat to down 5% in the U.S. What is your thoughts for the year on how that will play out here in this environment?
Ray McDaniel: As you saw for bank loans we had a good first quarter. There was a lot of strength in our European bank loan business and I will let Rob provide a little more color on that. But overall we are looking at flat to slightly up revenue expectations for bank loans for the full-year which would be a little bit better than what we're expecting in terms of the direction of issuance line which should be slightly down. So we think that we have opportunities to increase our coverage in bank loans and again I would point to the strength in Europe that we've seen. And Rob I don't know if there is anything you wanted to add on that.
Bob Fauber: That's right Ray and I think we we're seeing a very active bank loan market. I think we have to keep in mind when we are talking about the issuance outlook for the full-year we're coming off a year where global issuance last year was just something north of 30% growth I believe. The bank loan market has been a bit more active than the high yield market. We're seeing a lot of first time issuers come through the bank loan market. We're also seeing a lot of issuers that are rated very low in the credit spectrum. As Ray just said, in Europe, we saw some nice revenue growth in bank loans on generally flattish issuance this quarter. The issuance mix worked in our favor there. Leverage loan volumes in Europe, while again kind of flattish are at a record chase. And there is very good M&A activity supporting the loan volumes there compared to the prior year quarter where we saw a bit more refi activity. And also in Europe, we have got institutional investors and CLO originators that have got very strong bids for these loans. So that's driving down the funding costs and keeping spreads tight for issuers there.
Ray McDaniel: And then one thing I'd add on to Rob's comment is with some of these bank loan borrowers profiling as a high credit risk low rated entities. There is some potential volatility that could enter the equation if the default rates don't continue to decline. We believe they will through the year but if there is an increase in default rate that makes those deep speculative grade names less attractive and they may not have market access.
Craig Huber: Then also I'd like to just quickly ask two quick ones if I could. For BDV what was the underlying growth rate to put aside the revenue adjustment for accounting purposes? And then also up 7.7% ratings to revenue growth the whole division, how much of that would you tie into being directly from the new mandate? Was it half of it coming from there, roughly how much please?
Ray McDaniel: I think it's going to be less than that Craig. I don't have a number for you right away but we can check on that. But it's not going to be the majority, no.
Mark Almeida: On Bureau van Dijk, Craig we're not disclosing the precise numbers for Bureau van Dijk on a standalone basis but suffice to say its performing at a rate that is very consistent with what we would've showed you when we announced the acquisition in terms of its historical growth rate.
Craig Huber: Mark how historical was what 9%, 10% so its roughly…
Mark Almeida: It was lying in the high single-digits around 9%.
Craig Huber: So you suggest you are pretty close to that then?
Mark Almeida: Yes, absolutely.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo.
Bill Warmington: So the first question for you on the structured finance segment. You highlighted the CLO and the CMBS demand being particularly strong, but also look at the demand was really pretty broad. I wanted to ask about what was driving that? And then also to ask if there was any pull forward there to highlight?
Ray McDaniel: Rob?
Bob Fauber: Yes, let me take that. And I think you are right. Generally we saw broadly higher securitization volumes and you're right. We called out U.S. CLOs but we have seen -- experienced some robust activity across a number of other sectors. Just to touch on CLOs because it was such a big driver for the quarter, we have seen very strong refi activity on tighter spreads. We also saw higher proportion of new CLO formation as a percent of total deals in the first quarter higher than any quarter that we had in 2017 and that's helped in part by using our risk retention. The U.S. is obviously a bigger market for structured credit, but a similar story in Europe with European CLO volumes supported by refi and as I've said earlier also a very hot leverage loan market. We saw an uptick in CMBS deals and very robust ABS volume on very strong investor demand. In Europe we saw RMBS volumes up particularly in the UK, in the Netherlands and the UK really benefiting -- volumes were benefitting from the conclusion of the Bank of England's term funding scheme in February which was a chief source of funding for banks. I would also note that Q1 '17 was a little bit of an easier comp for structured. If you think all the way back to Q4 of 2016, we did see some pull forward because of the implementation of risk retention in the beginning of 2017, so it's a little bit of an easier comp as well.
Mark Almeida: And also I would just add on to that after this call we will post on the IR website as we always do after our earnings calls the breakdown of the components to the lines of business of revenue for the rating agency and you'll see CLO quarter-over-quarter Q1 '17 and Q1 '18 structure credit line is up 58%, ABS up 24%, RMBS up 90%. So broad based strength across pretty much all the asset classes.
Bill Warmington: And then for my follow-up question, I wanted to ask about the war for IT talent, well it seems to be intensifying as you see tech services companies across verticals looking to leverage artificial intelligence and machine learning. And I wanted to ask whether you find that you are able to get the talent you need and whether there are any changes that you are thinking about making to ensure that you continue to get the talent you need?
Ray McDaniel: Well I think broadly speaking, we do feel that we are able to attract very talented IT professionals whether it's in our centralized IT function or embedded in the businesses. A lot of this is how attractive the opportunity is, in terms of what we would have people working on, whether it's robotic process automation or product development, it is an attractive offering. You're correct that there is a lot of competition for the best people. So we've got to stay on top of that. We will adjust to make sure that we continue to retain our best people and recruit the best people and those adjustments they maybe financial, they maybe in terms of job content. But we're paying attention to it like almost any organization today would. Mark do you want to add to that.
Mark Almeida: Yes, I would just add that, what we are also seeing is that there is a lot of talent available in many different locations around the world. Certainly it's quite challenging if you are recruiting in San Francisco and New York City and some other major centers. But we've got operations in many different place around the world. We've got a big operation in Omaha for example and we find there to be a terrific source of talent. And in many of our other operational centers around the world we are able to attract the kind of talent we want. So I think having the broad based footprint that we have really helps us in that respect.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Tim McHugh with William Blair & Company.
Tim McHugh: One numbers one, can you just update us on incentive comp, how much you accrued in the quarter and I guess any change to that outlook versus what you are expecting for the full year now?
Steve Maire: Yes, sure Tim, happy to provide that. So for the first quarter, incentive comp was 45 million, that was down 13% from first quarter of last year and 37% sequentially. As you know we had to take that up pretty significantly in the back half of '17 as we raised guidance given the performance of the business. Going forward I would say sort of a 50ish number is probably the best way to think about. But as you know that will likely change depending on how the business performs, depending on what we do with guidance, but that I think is probably the starting point.
Tim McHugh: And then ERS product sales on the trailing 12 month basis was actually a little slower. I get like services sale is something you have been deemphasizing, but I guess I was a little surprised about the pace of product sales growth. Was there anything happening there that you can elaborate on?
Ray McDaniel: I think Tim, its performing pretty much as we expected. I mean I think we have got a number of new product launches that we put in to the market recently that have been very well received. Our new loan origination product is doing quite well. The product that we have in the market to help our customers comply with the new seasonal accounting standard is being very well received. We have a very nice pipeline building there. And so we are -- if you drill that a little bit more into these numbers you will see that we've got continued double-digit sales growth for renewable products, which is really where we are putting our emphasis. I think we have got at least five or six quarters now of double-digit growth in renewable product sales. So I think things are going very much in line with our expectations there as we have told you. We expect 2018 to be a fairly soft year for ERS as we work through this transition. But we feel very good about some things that are happening in the business and that should play out very nicely for us over a longer period of time.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vincent Hung with Autonomous.
Vincent Hung: How much of the non-transaction revenue comes from rating assessment services? And if you can't give us that what was it up year-over-year? Because I think S&P said it was at 40%.
Ray McDaniel: Our revenue from rating assessment services is not very significant to tell you the truth. I don't have the year-on-year growth rate in front of me. But again, it's not a material number.
Vincent Hung: On RD&A as we think about the core RD&A excluding BVD, should we be looking at 12% organic as the right run rate for the rest of the year?
Ray McDaniel: 12 well, again, our guidance RD&A organic is mid teens for this year. And we did 12% in the first quarter. We expect that to accelerate as I've said because we will be layering in Bureau van Dijk it's going to help. So I guess you are asking me will -- am I expecting 12% growth from RD&A on an organic basis excluding Bureau van Dijk, is that the question?
Vincent Hung: Yes exactly. 
Ray McDaniel: Again, I don't really have I don't think we can give you guidance at that granular level. But I would expect that the RD&A business organically would continue to perform at a level similar to what we did in the first quarter if you were to pull out the Bureau van Dijk business. I don't see it -- let's put it this way, I wouldn't expect that business to be -- the growth rate to be slow.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: First just a regular numbers question. What was the organic constant currency growth for the whole company? If you just kind of strip out both Bureau van Dijk and then the positive impact from FX some of which went into Bureau van Dijk.
Steve Maire: Sure Shlomo. That should be -- so we have said that 60% top line for Moody's Corporation half of that was due to the contribution from Bureau van Dijk and the FX impact on all that revenue was 4%, so if you strip that out they get you down to 4.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: The thing is that data took in MIS at 5 and then there seems to be kind of 9 when you take out BVD, it implies a little bit higher than that. That's what I'm trying to get out the number it seems to be little bit higher?
Steve Maire: That's the math at least for the first quarter.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Can you comment a little bit on the economy and the performance for between the U.S. and outside the U.S. for ERS and Professional Services?
Ray McDaniel: I'll let mark start with this and I may add a couple of comments on to it.
Mark Almeida: Yes I think a couple of things going on there. First we had some pretty significant FX benefit which is obviously impacting the business outside the U.S. Also we had some very strong sales growth outside the U.S. in -- particularly in ERS last year related to work that we were doing associated with our customer's adoption of the IFRS 9 accounting standard. So that gave us some very good sales growth outside the U.S. last year relative to the U.S. which I think is now showing up in the U.S. -- non-U.S. revenue results.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: And Professional Services?
Mark Almeida: Again a similar story but in our two businesses within Professional Services they both tend to be a little bit more heavily oriented for customers outside of the U.S. than in the U.S. So I think it's just the nature of those businesses is such that we've just got a bigger base of customers and a bigger base of business to work with outside of the U.S. and to the extent that those businesses are performing better we're seeing most of the improved growth outside the U.S.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: What's been the impact of tax reform on synthetic repatriation bond issuance thus far in 2018? And I was reading the other day that the 10 largest holders of overseas cash haven't tapped U.S. bond market so far this year after issuing roughly I think it is 80 billion or so last couple of years. But obviously that doesn't seem to be weighing on your Corporate Finance revenues so far?
Ray McDaniel: This follows up on a brief comment that Rob had made earlier, that it is providing at least a modest headwind, but it is very concentrated in terms of the number of firms that have large cash hordes overseas and may not feel they want to tap the debt markets given their repatriated cash. So the numbers -- if you look at the dollars you might think it provides more of a headwind to our business than in fact it is. And I would just add that with so much of our business being in the spec grade sector those are not companies that typically have a lot of overseas cash to bring back. So again it's a headwind not a serious one at this point.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm: I actually had a follow-up on the tax rate but that got answered already. But a couple of things while I'm here I guess. One, I know you don't really give near term guidance but would be interested with the commentary you have said in terms of the updated outlook how you think about more near term? I mean the first quarter has -- I mean on the MIS side, had a little bit of volatility, some of the this volatility has persisted. But typically the second quarter gets a little bit of a seasonal bump from the 1Q. So I'm just wondering if you feel like seasonally the second quarter should be stronger than 1Q just given seasonality, maybe some things were delayed and they are coming in the second quarter or is it just too uncertain of an environment? I guess I'd say you probably see the pipeline developing pretty real time. So any color will be great.
Ray McDaniel: Let me try that Alex. So I'm going to talk a little bit about kind of the pipeline in market terms and kind of what we are seeing and what's happening. I think in general I'd say the pipelines look healthy. I'd note that we have worked through a good bit of the big M&A backlog that we had earlier in the year but we are also seeing M&A deals in kind of preliminary stages and we are seeing that through our rating assessment service. We have also got a very good pipeline of first time mandates. So that gives us some visibility. We have talked about in spec rate market, spreads remain very tight and as I said we are seeing a lot of low rated issues tapping the market, a very strong CLO bid for that kind of paper. I'd also note just in terms of fund flows, so on the high yield side after we saw a lot of outflows earlier in the year we are starting to see some inflows back in the high yield funds. We saw 3 billion inflows last week. That was the largest week since mid-December 2016. And on the loan side inflows continue to be strong. We have had now nine consecutive weeks of inflows. So I think we expect on the investment grade side we are coming out of blackouts, we are seeing good activity and I think we expect steady issuance here in the second quarter.
Alex Kramm: And then maybe just lastly, Ray, I think M&A hasn't really come up as a topic. I know you are pretty busy integrating BVD still but just curious about appetite right now as you look at the world and maybe also what the environment is like for deals in areas that you are interested in? I mean is there a good bid ask or I think just to [expense the voice] there's not really anything out there that you are taking a look at?
Ray McDaniel: Well things are always to expense, so they are a very good starting point. We have an active corporate development function at Moody's, M&A function. We look at a lot. As you know, we don't pull the trigger very often. So there are things that we are looking at that are of interest to us but it would be the same thing I would answer in any other quarter. There is nothing unusual going on in the M&A environment that is causing us to either step back and say it's too rich for us or to say we've got to act right now. This is the moment in time to pull a trigger. So we're being disciplined. We are looking and we will see if something attractive is offered at a fair price.
Operator: And it appears there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Ray McDaniel, I'd like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. I Just want to thank everyone for joining today's call and we look forward to speaking with you again in the summer. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes Moody's first quarter 2018 earnings call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the First Quarter 2018 Earnings section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 PM Eastern Time on Moody's IR website. Thank you.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-09 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Maire - Moody's Corp. Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp. Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp. Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp. Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp
Analysts: Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co. Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Timothy J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research US LP Conor Fitzgerald - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Conference Call. At this time, I'd like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for question-and-answers following the presentation. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Steve Maire, Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications. Please go ahead.
Stephen Maire - Moody's Corp.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 results, as well as our outlook for full-year 2018. I am Steve Maire, Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications. This morning, Moody's released its results for the fourth quarter and full year 2017, as well as our current outlook for the full year 2018. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Moody's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. To view the nearest equivalent GAAP figures and GAAP reconciliations, please refer to our earnings release that was filed this morning. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the Risk Factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission's website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. Before I turn it over to Ray, I'd like to remind everyone that Moody's will be hosting an Investor Day at the end of this month on February 28 in New York City. Please contact the Investor Relations team if you'd like additional information about this event. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Thank you, Steve. Good morning and thank you everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Financial Results. Linda will follow with additional fourth quarter financial details and operating highlights and I'll then conclude with comments on our outlook for 2018. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. In the fourth quarter, Moody's record revenue of $1.2 billion increased 24% from the fourth quarter of 2016, primarily as a result of an increase in rated issuance, the acquisition of Bureau van Dijk and strong organic performance from Moody's Analytics. Operating expenses for the fourth quarter of 2017 totaled $703 million, down from $1.4 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016. Operating expenses in the fourth quarter of 2016 included an $864 million charge related to a settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice and the attorneys general of 21 U.S. States and the District of Columbia. Excluding this Settlement Charge, operating expenses were up 27% from the prior year period, including 12 percentage points attributable to Bureau van Dijk operating expenses, amortization of acquired intangible assets and non-recurring Acquisition-Related Expenses. Operating income was $463 million, up from the fourth quarter 2016 operating loss of $473 million. Adjusted operating income of $519 million was up 22%. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted adjusted operating income by 3%. The operating margin was 39.7% and the adjusted operating margin was 44.5%. Moody's diluted EPS for the quarter was $0.13 per share, up from a loss per share of $2.25 in the fourth quarter of 2016. Adjusted diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.51, up 20% and excluded a $1.26 onetime charge related to the net impact of changes in tax laws in the U.S. and Europe. Additional adjustments included amortization of acquired intangible assets and Acquisition-Related Expenses. Turning to full-year performance, Moody's record revenue for the full year of 2017 of $4.2 billion was up 17% from 2016. U.S. revenue was $2.3 billion, up 12%, while non-U.S. revenue was $1.9 billion, up 24%. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted Moody's revenue by 1%. Revenue at Moody's Investors Service of $2.8 billion was up 17% from the prior year. U.S. revenue was $1.7 billion, up 13%, while non-U.S. revenue was $1.1 billion, up 23%. Revenue at Moody's Analytics was $1.4 billion, a 16% increase over the prior year. U.S. revenue of $646 million was up 7%, while non-U.S. revenue of $785 million was up 25%. Organic MA, Moody's Analytics, revenue was $1.3 billion, up 8% from the prior year. Operating expenses for full-year 2017 totaled $2.4 billion, down 19% from $3 billion in the prior year, which included the fourth quarter 2016 Settlement Charge. Excluding the Settlement Charge and a restructuring charge in 2016, operating expenses were up 15%, which includes 5 percentage points attributable to Bureau van Dijk operating expenses, amortization of acquired intangible assets and non-recurring Acquisition-Related Expenses. There was no material impact on expenses from foreign currency translation. Operating income was $1.8 billion, up $639 million in 2016, which included the fourth quarter 2016 Settlement Charge. Adjusted operating income of $2 billion was up 21%. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted adjusted operating income by 2%. Moody's operating margin was 43%, up from 17.7% and adjusted operating margin was 47.3%, up from 45.5% in the prior year. The effective tax rate for full year 2017 was 43.6%, which included net charge in the fourth quarter related to the impacts of tax reform in the U.S. and Europe. The effective tax rate was down from 50.6% full-year 2016, which included the non-deductible portion of the Settlement Charge. Excluding the net charge in 2017, the effective tax rate was 29.9%. Excluding the Settlement Charge in 2016, the effective tax rate was 31.3%. We're expecting another solid year of growth in 2018 and our outlook is for low double-digit percent revenue growth, diluted EPS of $7.20 to $7.40 and adjusted diluted EPS of $7.65 to $7.85. Both ranges include an approximate $0.65 benefit from U.S. tax reform. I will now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Thanks, Ray. I'll begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody's total revenue for the fourth quarter was a record $1.2 billion, up 24%. U.S. revenue of $614 million was up 15%; non-U.S. revenue of $551 million was up 35% and represented 47% of Moody's total revenue. Recurring revenue of $581 million was up 23% and represented 50% of total revenue. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted Moody's revenue by 3%. And looking now at each of our businesses starting with Moody's Investors Service, this was the fourth consecutive quarter of record revenue for MIS. Total MIS revenue for the quarter was $725 million, up 19%. U.S. revenue increased 17% to $440 million. Non-U.S. revenue of $285 million was up 23% and represented 39% of total MIS revenue. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted MIS revenue by 3%. And looking now at the lines of business for MIS; first, corporate finance revenue for the fourth quarter was $334 million, up 20%. This result reflected strong issuance activity in the U.S. investment grade and speculative grade bonds, EMEA speculative grade bonds and bank loans and Asian investment grade bonds. U.S. and non-U.S. corporate finance revenues were up 16% and 28% respectively. Second, structured finance revenue totaled $148 million, up 13%, primarily driven by strong contributions from CLOs in both the U.S. and Europe, as well as an increase in rated U.S. REIT transactions. U.S. and non-U.S. structured finance revenues were up 17% and 5% respectively. Third, financial institutions revenue of $119 million was up 34%. This result was largely driven by an increase in banking issuance from infrequent issuers. U.S. and non-U.S. financial institutions revenue were up 36% and 33% respectively. Fourth, public project and infrastructure finance revenue of $119 million was up 16%. This result reflected increased U.S. public finance issuance as municipal borrowers accelerated financings ahead of anticipated changes in U.S. tax legislation as well as strength from infrastructure finance. U.S. and non-U.S. public project and infrastructure finance revenues were up 14% and 18% respectively. And turning now to Moody's Analytics, total revenue for MA of $441 million was up 32%. U.S. revenue of $174 million was up 10%. Non-U.S. revenue of $267 million was up 51% and represented 60% of total MA revenue. Organic MA revenue for the fourth quarter of 2017 was $379 million, up 13% from the fourth quarter of 2016. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted MA revenue by 3%. And moving now to the lines of business for MA. First, research, data and analytics or RD&A revenue of $258 million was up 55%. U.S. RD&A revenue was up 18% and non-U.S. RD&A revenue more than doubled. Bureau van Dijk's revenue contribution of $62 million for the fourth quarter included a $22 million reduction as a result of a deferred revenue adjustment required under acquisition accounting rules. Organic RD&A revenue was $196 million, up 17% from the fourth quarter of 2016, driven by broad strength in all product lines. Second, enterprise risk solutions or ERS revenue of $143 million was up 10% from the prior year period, driven primarily by demand for products that enable adoption of the International Financial Reporting Standard or IFRS 9 accounting requirement, as well as strong performance in the insurance product line. U.S. ERS revenue was down 5%, while non-U.S. revenue was up 18%. Trailing 12-month sales for ERS increased 7%. We continue to make progress on shifting the mix of the ERS business to emphasize higher margin products, with trailing 12-month product sales up 14% and services sales down 13%. Recurring revenue represented 69% of total ERS revenue in 2017, up from 66% in the prior year. And third, professional services revenue of $40 million was up 7%. U.S. and non-U.S. professional services revenues were up 6% and 8% respectively. And turning now to operating expenses, Moody's fourth quarter operating expenses totaled $703 million, down from the $1.4 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016. Operating expenses in the fourth quarter of 2016 included the $864 million Settlement Charge. Excluding the Settlement Charge, operating expenses were up 27% from the prior-year period, which includes 12 percentage points, attributable to Bureau van Dijk operating expenses, amortization of acquired intangible assets and non-recurring Acquisition-Related Expenses. Other drivers of expense growth included additional compensation expense for merit increases and hiring, as well as increased performance-based incentive compensation. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted operating expenses by 1%. And as Ray mentioned, Moody's operating margin was 39.7% and adjusted operating margin was 44.5%. And now, I'll provide an update on capital allocation. During the fourth quarter of 2017, Moody's repurchased approximately 200,000 shares at a total cost of $36 million or an average cost of $146.85 per share. Moody's also issued 100,000 shares as part of its employee stock-based compensation plans. Moody's returned $73 million to its shareholders via dividend payments during the fourth quarter of 2017. And on January 24, the board of directors declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.44 per share of Moody's common stock, which is a 16% increase from the prior quarterly dividend of $0.38 per share. This dividend will be payable on March 12, 2018 to stockholders of record at the close of business on February 20, 2018. For the full-year 2017, Moody's repurchased 1.6 million shares at a total cost of $200 million or an average cost of $121.21 per share and issued a net 1.9 million shares as part of its employee stock-based compensation plans. The net amount includes shares withheld for employee payroll taxes. Moody's also returned $290 million to its shareholders via dividend payments during 2017. Outstanding shares as of December 31, 2017 totaled $191 million, approximately flat to a year ago. As of December 31, 2017, Moody's had approximately $500 million of share repurchase authority remaining. And at year-end, Moody's had $5.5 billion of outstanding debt and $870 million of additional borrowing capacity available under its revolving credit facility. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at quarter end were $1.2 billion, down $1 billion from December 31, 2016, primarily due to the acquisition of Bureau van Dijk. Cash flow from operations in 2017 was $748 million, down from the $1.3 billion in 2016. Free cash flow in 2017 was $657 million, down $1.1 billion from 2016. These declines in cash flow were due to the Settlement Charge payment in 2017. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Ray.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Linda. Before discussing our full-year guidance for 2018, I'd like to provide some highlights on our progress with Bureau van Dijk integration and synergy activities. Our integration efforts are on track and we remain confident about achieving the synergy targets that we communicated when we announced the acquisition. Since closing the acquisition in August, we have enhanced Bureau van Dijk's products with content sourced from Moody's, launched programs to cross-sell Bureau van Dijk products and initiated measures to enhance sales productivity and efficiency. In New York, San Francisco and Hong Kong, Bureau van Dijk's staff are now co-located at Moody's offices, with six additional offices in Europe, Asia and South America set to be combined in 2018. Bureau van Dijk business continues to perform well and we are very pleased with the progress we're making as we pursue our various collaboration and integration efforts. So I'll conclude this morning's prepared comments by discussing our full-year guidance for 2018. A complete list of Moody's guidance is included in Table 14 of our fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings press release, which can be found on the Moody's Investor Relations website at ir.moodys.com. Moody's outlook for 2018 is based on assumptions about many geopolitical conditions and macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions, consumer borrowing and securitization and the amount of debt issued. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at exchange rates as of January 31, 2018. Specifically, our forecast reflects exchange rates for the British pound of $1.42 to the pound and for the euro of $1.25 to the euro. As I noted earlier, Moody's expects full-year 2018 revenue to increase in the low-double-digit percent range. Operating expenses are also expected to increase in the low-double-digit percent range. The company is projecting an operating margin of 43% to 44%. Adjusted operating margin is expected to be approximately 48%. The effective tax rate is expected to be 22% to 23%. Full-year 2018 diluted EPS is expected to be $7.20 to $7.40. Adjusted diluted EPS is expected to be $7.65 to $7.85. Both ranges include an approximate $0.65 benefit, resulting from U.S. tax reform. Free cash flow is expected to be approximately $1.6 billion. Moody's expects share repurchases to be approximately $200 million, subject to available cash, market conditions and other capital allocation decisions. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $120 million. Depreciation and amortization expense is expected to be approximately $200 million. For MIS, 2018 revenue is expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. U.S. revenue is expected to increase in the low-single-digit percent range and non-U.S. revenue is expected to increase in the high-single-digit percent range. Corporate finance revenue is expected to increase in the high-single-digit percent range. Structured finance and financial institutions revenues are each expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Public, project and infrastructure finance revenue is expected to decrease in the low-single-digit percent range. For Moody's Analytics, the 2018 revenue is expected to increase in the mid-20s percent range. U.S. revenue is expected to increase in the low-double-digit percent range and non-U.S. revenue is expected to increase in the mid-30s percent range. Organic MA revenue is expected to increase in the low-double-digit percent range. RD&A revenue is expected to increase approximately 40%. The full-year 2018 revenue contribution from Bureau van Dijk will be reduced by an estimated $16 million as a result of a deferred revenue adjustment required as part of acquisition accounting. Organic RD&A revenue is expected to increase in the mid-teens percent range. ERS revenue is expected to increase in the low-single-digit percent range and professional service revenue is expected to increase in the high-single-digit percent range. Before turning the call over to Q&A, I would like to talk for just a minute about Linda. As you all know, last month, we announced that Linda will be leaving Moody's after more than 12 years of outstanding service as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We're grateful for Linda's service and wish her every success in the next phase of her career. We're also grateful that Linda has agreed to remain at the company for a transition period and I'm confident with the strong team she has built, her successor will be able to hit the ground running. We're now focused on finding the right person to take on the role and I have begun a comprehensive search. We'll be looking at both internal and external candidates and have engaged a search firm to assist us in this process. Of course, Linda's departure has no effect on our corporate strategy or financial priorities, which have delivered an unprecedented period of growth for Moody's during Linda's tenure. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining Linda and me for the question-and-answer session are Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics; and Rob Fauber, President of Moody's Investors Service. We'll be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning. Your guidance calls for mid-single-digit growth in MIS after a year where the segment grew 17% and it looks like non-U.S. is really the strong part. So could you just give us some color on which geographies and products are really driving this high-single-digit growth in non-U.S. in 2018 and just also just what you're seeing so far in 1Q, just given that it's the toughest comp for the year? Thanks.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Sure. Maybe we can kick it off by letting Linda talk about the consensus views that we've collected and I know Rob will have some comments on this.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. Toni, thanks for the question. I'll start with the views from the various banks that we survey and again, these views are the consensus views of those banks and not – they may not line up exactly with Moody's revenue categorizations. For investment grade bond issuance for 2018, the call is for $1.25 trillion of issuance, which is flat to down 10% from 17%. Notes include that the market remains robust with tight spreads, offsetting rising rates. And January 2018 was the second largest January on record after January of 2017. You probably noticed the growing M&A pipeline among investment grade borrowers and we note the 87% probability of a Fed rate hike in March, with an average expectation of three rate hikes in total in 2018. For high yield, the call is for $285 billion of issuance, flat to up 10% from 2017. Notes include high yield fundamentals remaining strong with demand for new issues, an improving macroeconomic environment and relatively narrow spreads and issuance remains primarily driven by refinancings. Year-to-date 2018 issuance is already up 10% year-over-year and the forward pipeline is characterized as robust. A potential headwind though is tax reform impact on companies with very high amounts of debt and low EBIT and EBITDA and I'm sure we'll talk about that later. On the leveraged loan front, the third category in the U.S., $500 billion is expected for 2018, flat to down 10% from 2017. Notes include that the leveraged loan market remains strong and spreads are narrow. Full-year 2018 is expected to be down slightly from a record 2017, with upside should M&A activity accelerate or if rising rates create further demand for floating rate paper. And switching over to Europe, investment grade in Europe has had a bit of a slower start issuance for the year, but it is expected to pick up post earnings season. Spreads are near historical lows, some concern about the ECB QE tapering, but those are muted and the euro area continues to see strong growth in GDP and corporate profit. Speculative grade in Europe, notes include high yield and leveraged loan markets are in good shape with strong forward pipeline, though issuance levels faced tough comps as compared to strong 2017. Spreads are narrowed due to strong demand and those are fueling opportunistic issuance. So again, that's the view from the bank. And then I'll ask Rob to comment a little bit more about the various sectors.
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Linda. So Linda provided the Street estimates for issuance, overall for U.S. corporate generally flattish to slightly down. Our forecast is broadly in line with those estimates as you'd expect and as you noted, Toni, we're coming off a very strong issuance from the corporate sector in 2017 in really all regions. Just kind of tying this together, several factors influencing our overall issuance outlook this year. Linda touched on a few of these, but expanding global economy, this concept of synchronous growth across the G20, first time we've seen all G20 economies growing at the same time since 2010, modest geopolitical risks, firming in commodity prices, declining default rates that are supporting the tight spreads that Linda talked about and expect to see some robust M&A activity, which we think will help to offset some of the decline, the expected decline in the refinancing activity that we saw, particularly in the bank loan market last year. There are obviously some risks, namely the recent increase in market volatility and concerns about inflation and rate increases. Currently, our outlook hasn't really accounted for any kind of market disruption to issuance activity in 2018. We didn't have that in 2017. And then maybe as we take the issuance outlook and then build to the revenue guidance, so obviously, there are several factors that go into how that then translates into revenue. First, the issuance forecast that I talked about, we also have some assumptions around mix, which you've heard us talk about on many of these calls, then new mandate activity, I'm happy to talk about the new mandate activity for the year at some point on the call. Recurring revenue growth from an increase in monitored ratings and I think this is important – this is about a third of our total revenue, the recurring revenue, you've seen some pickup in the recurring revenue growth rate over the last couple of quarters and that is due in large part to the growth in first-time issuers that we are now rating and then finally, kind of our standard pricing contribution and a bit of favorability from FX; that gets us there.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's great. And just for my follow-up, Linda, I think this is the question everyone wants to know, but what are your plans and what drove your decision to move on?
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Thanks, Toni. This is my 51st first earnings call for Moody's and I think it's just time to take a look at some other things that are out in the world and very orderly transition and nothing really too exciting to say; don't have finalized plans as of this point.
Operator: And we'll go next to Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you. And Linda, I would just like to say thanks for all your great work here over the last couple of years. I am missing you already, big shoes to fill for sure. In terms of the RD&A business, the organic growth looked particularly strong and the outlook for 15% growth next year. Just want to be clear, this is ex-BvD, right? That's one. Two is, what's driving the, what seems like better than recent performance in the RD&A business? And then let me ask my follow-up in advance. The margins in the legacy MA business, can you speak to the trend you're seeing there? Thank you.
Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp: Excuse me, Peter, it's Mark. So in RD&A, first, just to be clear about what's in and what's out, in 2017, there is no Bureau van Dijk in the – when we talk about organic RD&A for 2017. That includes no Bureau van Dijk. In the 2018 guidance, we do have, in the fourth quarter, Bureau van Dijk becomes organic, so we will have Bureau van Dijk in the 2018 numbers and reflected in our 2018 guidance for RD&A. So that's the – definitionally, that's what we're working with. Just to provide some color around the good – the very good results we're seeing in RD&A. I guess I'd just call out that we had a very solid low-double-digit underlying growth in the credit research and data businesses, which was a result of our work to improve upon and expand the content delivered to our CreditView platform and our data feed. New business production has been solid. Customer attrition has remained very low and our yield from existing customers generated strong growth as customer institutions are upgrading their usage rights and extending access to our content across more users in their organizations. So in addition, we gained 2 or 3 points of growth in RD&A in the fourth quarter from one-time projects, which was mostly modeling work for customer stress testing and IFRS 9 requirements and our results were further helped in the fourth quarter by about 300 basis points of favorable FX. So in short, we are seeing very good execution of our product strategy, with strong take-up of the range of our capabilities, plus some FX benefits. That's what we saw in the fourth quarter of 2017 that drove the very good numbers we had. And as we look into 2018, frankly, it's more of the same. We have good momentum going into 2018. We see continued good performance in all of the businesses, especially as we bring our new content delivery platform, CreditView 2.0, to the market in midyear. CreditView 2.0 will provide a more modern interface with expanded content and greater flexibility that accommodates access to a broader range of data, which will enable us to better cross-sell the Bureau van Dijk content. And in addition, we will get a strong year-on-year contribution from Bureau van Dijk as the business moves into the organic category in the fourth quarter. And we also expect continued favorable FX impact, which takes up our already strong full-year outlook by another couple of points.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. And then how about the legacy MA margins and the trend you're seeing there?
Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp: Yeah, well, you saw in the fourth quarter, we had 300 basis points of expansion in the adjusted operating margin. Most of that is from the legacy Moody's Analytics business, with some additional contribution from Bureau van Dijk. So we're seeing good success as we continue to rigorously pursue our strategy to drive margin expansion in MA. You may note that we had no head count growth in Moody's Analytics next year. Ignoring the addition of the Bureau van Dijk staff, we literally had two more people working in Moody's Analytics at the end of 2017 compared with the end of 2016. So the strategy is to deploy the resources that we have against our very best opportunities, which we've identified and are pursuing them and we expect to continue to pursue that strategy and feel good about where we're headed.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: And Peter, it's Ray. I would just add, as we look forward in 2018, Moody's Analytics will be getting a larger allocation of our shared service expense because of the increased size of the business with the acquisition of Bureau van Dijk primarily, so just in terms of what to expect.
Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp: And I think we will dive into that in some detail at Investor Day.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Peter, also – it's Linda. Just so everyone is aware, we're not helping Mark from the accounting perspective here. As we brought on the business, we had to do, with the BvD business, we had to move through a deferred revenue adjustment. We handled some of that in 2017 and some of that will remain in 2018, just so there is a bit more guidance for modeling purposes. We expect that there is about $16 million left of deferred revenue adjustment for Bureau van Dijk in 2018. Just so you have the detail quarter-by-quarter that lays out about $10 million in Q1, $5 million in Q2 and the rest in Q3. And I think we're done with that once we lap the close of the acquisition in August 2018. So Mark is nodding; just a quick addition there in terms of its deferred revenue haircut in case it's not as well understood as it should be.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. That helps. Thanks.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Sure.
Operator: We'll go next to Anj Singh with Credit Suisse.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. I was wondering if you could speak on capital allocation a bit, what you plan to do with the proceeds from the tax savings. It seems like you'd probably just delever quicker and faster. But wondering if any tweaks or changes to your normal capital allocation priorities as we look to 2018. Thanks.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Sure. It's Linda and I'll let Ray help me with this one. I think we announced when we took on the Bureau van Dijk business that with the $2 billion of debt we had added for that acquisition, our plans for 2017 and 2018 really centered on deleveraging after that deal. In 2018, we're planning to reduce our debt by about $500 million and we're ahead of schedule in that process because we are strong operating cash flow. We think our capital allocation priorities are going to remain about the same. We have some very good opportunities to invest in our business which will always be job one. In terms of our international cash, we probably have less cash offshore than many corporations do at that point because we spent $1.3 billion of it for the Bureau van Dijk acquisition. So for Moody's, we may end up with a couple hundred million dollars of offshore cash to repatriate, but not a huge amount. So I think we're going to stick to our plans and continue to focus on deleveraging. And as I think Ray had mentioned, about $200 million of share repurchase on the docket for 2018. Ray may have something else, you might want to add.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: No. I just – I agree with how Linda has characterized our priorities. It is deleveraging. First, we are going to be able to be ahead of schedule as compared to our acquisition analysis on the deleveraging. And at the same time, we are going to be able to make necessary investments in the growth of the business.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And then for a follow-up, could you just speak to MIS margins, down year-over-year in the quarter. I realize it's up strongly on a full-year basis, but this comes despite the strength in revenue growth. How much is driven by mix versus investments or just incentive comp and help us understand how these shape your outlook for that segment as it relates to your 48% margin guide for 2018? Thank you.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Sure. I'll start on this one. It's Linda. And in fact, the MIS operating margin did decline by 110 basis points, despite 19% growth in revenue in the quarter. And on the full-year basis, it's important to note that the MIS operating margin is up 190 basis points. So we had some unusual activity in the fourth quarter. We would really point you towards the full year as being more indicative. But in the fourth quarter, we kind of saddled Rob with some additional expenses here. As you know, we had very strong performance in the fourth quarter, so we had to increase our performance-based incentive compensation, our stock compensation and we had profit sharing in 2017. I think the total amount was a little over $10 million, so all of that hit MIS. The second thing that was important is we had a little bit of a severance charge in one of the non-U.S. businesses. All that comes to little bit less than $20 million or so. So, really just the result of very strong performance and one little item that we right-sized. But I think you should see the margins back to as Rob had described previously, but I'll let him follow up on this.
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. Maybe just to give a little color about what we're going to do to continue to drive on the margin. You've seen our results over the last several years; we're continuing to look for further efficiency in managing expenses in a disciplined fashion. So a couple of things I might just point to I think will support that. First, we just, this year, completed a reorganization of our junior staff into a dedicated support organization. That's going to help us manage our staffing more effectively through the inevitable ebbs and flows of issuance and drive up our resource utilization. Second, we're leveraging technology in a variety of ways across MIS. We just launched our first bots in October as part of our Robotic Process Automation initiative and these bots are automating manual repeatable tasks that are currently being done by people. We're also developing workflow and analytical tools that are going to help the analysts be more efficient and spend their time focused on higher value-added activities. And the last thing I'd say is, we're hiring more staff in low-cost locations, like India, and we're looking to open an office in Costa Rica this year through MIS so that we can make sure we have the right jobs in the right places. In this past year, to give you a sense, about half of our head count growth was at our support center in India.
Anjaneya K. Singh - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: We'll go next to Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah, thank you. My first question was just around guidance. I usually think when you give guidance in the beginning of the year, it's a bit conservative. And I guess there's a few areas, where I just need a little bit more help here. I think one of the areas was on the corporate finance group, which I think Rob explained with mix and new mandates maybe. But similarly, the PPIF group, it sounds like at least in the U.S., it's going to be down quite a bit. So maybe there is an international mix here where it helps you down only low single digits, we would have thought more. And sort of the second part, the guidance part was just around FX, Linda. If you could tell us the contributions you've assumed on the revenue and margin side, I presume that's benefit because your spot – your guide is above the spot rate, which is unlike prior years, I believe.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Sure. Why don't we let Rob start off on the outlook around PPIF and corporate?
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. So keep in mind, our PPIF segment has several rating lines in it. We do have a mid-single (sic) [low-single] (00:40:52) digit revenue decline as our guidance. But we have a significant – we think that the U.S. public finance issuance is going to be significantly adversely impacted from the changes to the U.S. tax law; that's really around the loss of tax-exempt status for advanced refundings in U.S. public finance, which was, depending on the year ,somewhere between 20% and 30% of the market.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: And the pull forward that we saw in the fourth quarter.
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: That's right. We saw some pull-forward activity. I think probably a modest slowdown in infrastructure after a very strong year around the globe and a pretty stable issuance environment in sub-sovereign and all that then kind of builds to, ultimately to our revenue outlook.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. It's Linda. On the corporate side, before we move away from Rob, I always encourage him to speak a little bit about what he's seeing in new mandates because analysts have expressed interest in this. So why don't you go ahead and cover that, Rob?
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah, sure. And that also is going to touch on, I think, one of Toni's questions around the guidance around non-U.S. growth. So a really good story in the fourth quarter, 260 first-time mandates; that's up about 47% on the year-over-year quarter. So that took us above 1,000 new mandates for the year, it set a new record. We expect somewhere slightly below that number, but still another strong year for first-time mandate activity. The strength in first-time mandates, that we had continued into that – we see that into the pipeline. And interestingly, as we look at the mix of first-time mandates and the growth, the European and Asian first-time mandates grew at a rate of growth that was about 2x first-time mandates in the United States. So that then is contributing to that higher rate of growth for non-U.S. revenues, at least in part.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: And Manav, on the FX point, you're right. FX, the spots have been moving around quite dramatically. We expect FX to have a 3% positive impact on revenue in 2018 and 3% positive impact on adjusted operating income. As you know, our main exposures are to the euro and the pound and we put a pin in it with the pound at $1.42 to the dollar, as Ray said, the euro at $1.25. And probably for your planning purposes, the rule of thumb here is that €0.01 decline in the euro takes about one $0.01 off our EPS and the £0.01 decline in the pound basically doesn't move our EPS all that much. So we're a little bit more sensitive to the euro and hopefully that will help you out. Yes, we do note that the currencies are moving around a bit.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, got it. And then if I could just have you give us the expense build that you typically give us going into the fourth quarter and maybe just that 3 point revenue growth. I presume MA has more of that, if you could just help us price that out.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Let me give you the expense ramp for next year, which is what I think you're looking for. For 2018, we're looking for an expense ramp of $60 million to $70 million and I'll get somebody to give me a first quarter expense number so we know what we're starting from here in just a minute. The expense ramp, as you know, can be very strongly impacted by timing of expenses, FX movements and as we saw this year, very strong late-period changes in incentive compensation. So $60 million, $70 million is given what we know now. But we'll look at that as we go through the year. So let's use a starting number for first quarter of 2018. Maybe sort of $635 million might be a good place to start and then look at $60 million to $70 million increasing ramp as we move through the year.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks so much. I hate to go back to tax reform, but I'm going to. Even in your prepared remarks or I think maybe even bankers (00:45:36) remarks, you note about the potential adverse impact of tax reform in a high yield market, I know it's still early. Are you seeing any of that? And then even on the corporate side or the investment grade side, excuse me, I know there was some noise early on about the limits on corporate expense, interest expense deductibility, and I know that we've watered down a little bit, but again, are you hearing anything from your potential customers on that front as well? Thanks.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. Rob, do you want to talk about what you heard from people?
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. It's a good question. As you can imagine, we're in very regular contact with the issuers on this topic. And I think the general view is it's still very early days in terms of seeing any kind of change to corporate behavior, the highly leveraged companies that we're speaking with have not indicated that this is a significant issue, at least not yet. And obviously that remains to be seen because that's where the impacts could be more noticeable. And I would note though that there is an enormous amount of money that's been raised by the private equity firms that needs to be deployed and we're seeing this in the form of a very active LBO market at this time.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: And I'd just add, in terms of the caps on interest rate deductibility, that is really going to only have an impact for firms that are at the bottom of the speculative grade rating scale, so say B3 and below and then obviously the actual impact will vary by individual company.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, that's helpful and I'm going to stick with the tax theme for my follow-up. In terms of the guidance, the 22% to 23% tax rate for this year, is that inclusive of the stock-based comp benefit that you're getting in the first quarter or is that the number that we'd be using on a normalized basis in second, third and fourth quarter? Thanks.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: That's inclusive of the benefits in the first quarter. I think your point is well taken that that may weigh a little bit more heavily toward the first quarter. So I'd put the majority in the first quarter just because that's when we would expect a heavier exercise of options and I'd lighten it up a little bit in the second and third quarter and then we should be pretty much through that. I think we had a number somewhere around in these documents of approximately $40 million for that. So you can kind of spread it as I had said.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Great. That's very helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: And we'll go next to Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Linda, I just want to say, you did a heck of a job and you'll be missed.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Thanks, Craig.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: My first question is, Ray or whoever would like to answer this. On the bank loan outlook for this New Year (48:34), given the strength the last couple of years, can you just talk a little bit further about your outlook for that? I know you said some investment banks you checked in with for this year are down 0 to 10% or something. Just what the puts and takes are to move that number higher or lower this year? What are we looking for there on bank loans?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Well, I mean certainly to the extent that floating rate debt is relatively more attractive in a more volatile interest rate environment, that could have a positive impact, at least relative to competition from the spec grade bond sector. Beyond that, I think so far, we are seeing good activity in the bank loan sector, reasonable pipeline, but, it's very early days.
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah, and the only thing I would add to that is that we had an enormous refi wave over the last 18 months. So the question will be, as we see an expected pickup in M&A, will that offset to some extent what we think will be a decline in the refinancing activity?
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: Okay, then also just real quick if I could. Linda, what was the incentive comp in the quarter versus a year ago? I might have missed that. And then also I could just sneak this in, what percent of your high yield rating is outstanding, Ray, or say B3 and lower which you talked about earlier?
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Craig. Let me start with incentive compensation. For the fourth quarter 2017, we got about $72 million; that was up from $59.6 million last year; so call it around $12 million increase, 20% increase or so. And Ray may...
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. With respect to the B3 and below, I don't have a number for you off the top of my head. If we can find a number during the call, we'll be happy to get back on and quote it.
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: The one thing I might say though is that the number of B3 and below credits is a good bit lower now than it was in 2016, which was actually at an all-time high. So we've seen that proportion decline; I just don't have the absolute percent on hand.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Craig, I just want to give you some more...
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: It sounds like you don't think – go ahead.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: I'm sorry. Why don't you follow up there?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Go ahead Craig.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: I was just – sorry, I was just going to ask, so it sounds like though you guys don't think this interest expense deductibility issue from the tax reform is to have a material impact on your high yield piece of your business, is that a fair statement?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: No, I think that is a fair statement. It's a headwind, but it's not a tremendously strong one in our opinion.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Craig...
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: And Rob was just telling me that B3 and below is about 14%, 15% of our spec grade.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: And Craig, it's Linda. I just wanted to speak a little bit more about incentive compensation because I think the detail would help. We had some very lumpy quarters for 2017. Incentive comp went $52 million, $51 million and then the third quarter was $83.4 million and then about $77 million in the fourth quarter. Within the third quarter, we added to incentive compensation $5 million of profit sharing for the employees worldwide and $5.5 million in the fourth quarter. So profit sharing requires that we put up some pretty good numbers in order to have that take effect, but again, a total of $10.5 million for profit sharing, which falls into incentive compensation for the third and fourth quarter. If you were looking to model this for next year, for 2018, we're kind of thinking maybe $50 million-ish as incentive compensation kind of returns back to more normal numbers. But again, if we put up really big numbers, the incentive compensation number does move up. Conversely, if we miss, the incentive compensation number comes down as the bonus pools take the first hit. So just wanted to make sure you understood the lumpiness there.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hi. And Linda, congratulations on a good one, and best of luck.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Thanks.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Just to be clear about what's in the issuance guidance. So we're expecting no change to issuance from the tax reform at the corporate level and you've built in some expectations for at least a couple of interest rate increases, is that a fair way of thinking about it?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yes. We certainly are expecting interest rate increases this year. And there are puts and takes to the tax reform. Obviously, there's going to be repatriation of cash. There are the interest deductibility caps. But at the same time, we think that this is going to support stronger economic activity, possibly mergers and acquisitions activity boost and investment back in business growth and business expansion. So it's really going to depend on how those puts and takes balance out against each other over the year.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: And Joe, it's Linda. If you look at the futures, I think the markets are looking, as I said, for three interest rate increases with the first in March with an 80% plus probability on that. It's pretty important though that potential investors in Moody's take a look at times when this has happened before and we'd point you back to our investor deck. We've had periods where rates have gone up more than 100 basis points in a year. We often cite 2008 to 2009 when rates went up 100 basis points and then 2012 to 2013, rates went up 120 basis points. As Mario Draghi had said, he'd do what it takes to hold the euro together. In both of those periods, MIS revenues went up. So it's very important to understand as Ray had said that growth is a very positive condition for Moody's and we haven't had the synchronous growth for quite a long time. So for us, if things move along as they are predicted to do, this could be very, very helpful for us, but we're going to have to see how things pan out and of course the present volatility is something we're keeping a close eye on. But as Robert said, the bond market's reaction to all of that has seemed to be relatively subdued as compared to the equity market's volatility. So, hope that helps you a bit.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Got it. And then as my follow-up, just as a point of clarification, how has issuance been at the beginning of this year with the markets kind of moving around a little bit and maybe I could sneak one more in, how's the competitive positioning of BvD within MA? I think you talked about some takeaway wins last quarter? Thanks.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: I'd just say, Rob, do you want to tackle first part.
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah, I think. In general, we've seen issuance in line with our expectations, but specifically very recently in regards to the recent volatility. I mean, first of all, many of the issuers are in blackout period, so this is normally a little bit lighter period of issuance. In general, obviously rates are up, spreads have widened a bit, but I would say that the pipelines look steady and that's – everything that I'm hearing indicates that as Linda said, the market, the bond market took this a bit in stride. If you think about the spreads, they did move out about 25 basis points, but they were at kind of four-year tights before they did that. In the U.S., we've seen a deal or two postpone and I would say those were on the more aggressive end of structures. We've also seen some sizable deals get done this week and in this market, one recently for some acquisition financing. I think the general view is still constructive, at least that's what we're hearing now and issuers, I think, will continue to come to market if they have a financing need. What we may see is some of the opportunistic issuance taking a bit of a pause to wait on the market to digest some of this volatility. And in Europe, I think a pretty similar story. You've got investors with very robust cash levels. The debt markets, I'd say they are perhaps being a bit more selective, but again, a pretty constructive tone is what we're hearing, the loan market there, a little bit slower to react to this volatility and we're seeing continued flow of primary issuance in the loan market. And you know that last year was quite a strong year of issuance in the European loan market.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: And unlike 2017, but like earlier years when we get volatility like this, I think it's particularly important to keep an eye on the pipelines because issuers will wait for relative periods of calm and then they would be – they would be poised to go opportunistically, so the pipeline's become a very important indicator for future health of the market. Mark, did you want to comment on BvD?
Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp: Yeah. Could you repeat the question, please? I just want to make sure I'm being responsive.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: It looks like we lost, Joe. Joe, can you get back on, okay, sorry, go ahead.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: I think last quarter, you had talked about some competitive takeaways now that you had MA and BvD together and so I was just curious if you could give us an update on what's happening in the competitive environment as you go after some market share with the two companies now together.
Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp: Sure. It's still, frankly it's still relatively early days for us to execute on some of the plans we had and what we could do together with Bureau van Dijk, but we're making good progress on some joint product development efforts. Again, there were some products that we had planned to build and launch in Moody's Analytics that Bureau van Dijk already had a reasonably well developed product in that area. And so we've been working together with them to complete the build-out of that product and add some of the additional features and enhancements that we had planned to create independently. So we will be going to market with that product early this year and we feel very positive about the opportunity and the prospects there.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Tim McHugh with William Blair & Company.
Timothy J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Just to follow up on that. Can you – if you will – if you're willing, I guess, any sense for the underlying growth rate of Bureau van Dijk kind of on a pro forma basis I guess in the fourth quarter and kind of what you're thinking about going forward into 2018?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. Tim, what I'd say is that Bureau van Dijk has historically been growing at high single-digits, low double-digit kinds of rates. And in the back half of 2017, after the acquisition, we saw sales growth at those kinds of rates and we see that momentum flowing into 2018 and that's sort of inherent in our outlook for the business and its contribution to MA overall. So, we see the business continuing to perform well at or may be a little bit above the overall Moody's Analytics growth rate.
Timothy J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And I know it's a smaller piece, but professional services, it's ticked up lately and the guidance is good. I imagine currency is impacting that a bit, but is there a story, I guess, to the improved performance there lately?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. The story, Tim, is that we've got two pieces of that business, our knowledge services business where we outsource our research and analytical staff from our platform in India to our clients around the world, and then our training and education business. Both of those businesses struggled a bit over the last couple of years. But we've done a number of things operationally to get them on track and early in 2017 or midyear 2017, they both sort of turned it around and we're starting to see good results coming out of both of those product lines. Customer attrition is down, new business production is up. So we're seeing good progress and good momentum in both of those businesses. You're also quite right. Both of those businesses, particularly the training business, we're seeing some benefit from FX there as well. But generally, we think we have two good turnaround stories there and we're optimistic going into 2018.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Tim, it's Linda. Just a quick follow-up on that. Earlier in 2017, we turned over the Max business, which I have been running for two years to get it up to SOX compliance standards for U.S. public companies. We turned that over to someone in the – from the sales organization, in Mark's organization. And quite frankly, we've seen very nice results on the sales front as we've done that. Now, the business is operating very nicely within the Moody's framework and quite safely with a interesting journey from an Indian – two Indian private companies to a U.S. public company standard and then Mark's team has really turbocharged that on the sales front. So that has been a happy story and thank you for noting that change.
Timothy J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Oh, hey, hello everyone. I'm going to go back to the beginning when Rob, I think, mentioned the strong issuance last year and how that could lead or should lead to higher recurring revenues in MIS this year. Can you put a little bit more meat around that? I think in past years when we've had strong issuance, I've seen that monitoring fees up in like the high single digits and obviously FX helped that too. So is high single digits kind of what we should be thinking about on the recurring MIS side here or could it even be better? Any color?
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah, I don't think we typically guide on that, but you have seen an acceleration of the growth rate of the recurring revenue over the last few quarters. And again, it's the – yeah just because we have issuance doesn't necessarily mean we're going to have growth in recurring revenues because that issuance fee comes from existing issuers. So it's really, you really have to look at the growth of the first-time issuers, first-time mandates and that really is, I think, the best future indicator of recurring revenue growth.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah, and you'll recall that we had a little over 1,000 new rating mandates in 2017 and that rolls forward into monitoring a relationship on a going-forward basis.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you. And then just switching to BvD also for a minute here. Now that you've owned the company for a few months, I guess, you've gone through a few renewals of clients. So can you just tell us about the pricing opportunities you've seen as you renew? And then related to that, is there actually seasonality in renewals or any seasonality you would call out as we think about modeling 2018 for BvD or RD&A combined now?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. Well, let me take the first part – or the second part first, Alex. No, there is not any particular seasonality in the underlying business. So, I don't think you need to really think about that too much. And then on the business generally and the opportunities there, the business is performing well. We are – we have a Moody's Analytics executive now running the business and applying some of our processes and practices to the Bureau van Dijk business. But it's a good solid business and it continues to perform very well. It's not as though it was broken to begin with. But we do continue to see some substantial opportunities for us on the cross-selling side, on the product development side as we share content between Bureau van Dijk and Moody's Analytics and in – with regard to pricing. So, we have – candidly, we have not hit that particular lever real hard just yet, but we'll continue to look at that and we'll look at that in the context of the other work that we're doing on the product development side.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Vincent Hung with Autonomous.
Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research US LP: Hey. Just one for me. So if the phase around high rates persist, would you expect maybe an acceleration of issuance from pre-funding of late 2018 and 2019 maturities?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: No, we're not counting on a lot of pull forward from 2019 into 2018. It's – in our view, the positive side of the story is really going to be around economic growth, business expansion, borrowing for business expansion and around M&A. So that's where we look for the upsides more than pull forward from 2019 or even 2020.
Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research US LP: Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Conor Fitzgerald with Goldman Sachs.
Conor Fitzgerald - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. Just one on the potential impacts of an infrastructure bill to your business, as we potentially at least maybe see a bill make its way through Congress. What will be the key provisions you'll be watching that could indicate whether it's going to have a meaningful impact on your business or potentially not much at all?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. I mean, we've certainly seen the media coverage on the infrastructure bill. It should have a potential positive impact on our PPIF business. But of course that depends on how the final legislation is actually structured. And to the extent that it would allow for use of tax-exempt bonds to finance infrastructure projects, that could increase the sale of debt. So, that would be a positive. Rob, do you have anything to add on that?
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. I have a few things to look for, I mean, obviously there's some – there's been some discussion about the infrastructure bill. Talking about $1.5 trillion, not large in the overall scheme of the U.S. economy, but it would be an increase – I think a significant increase over the current level of infrastructure spending in the United States. And I think we then want to look at the mix of federal versus state and local funding to understand that will have an impact on how that translates into issuance. And then another topic is around regulatory approvals and timeframes and how long will it take this infrastructure investment to actually make it to the market. I know there's been some discussion about shortening those approvals, but some are at the federal level and others are at the state and local level.
Conor Fitzgerald - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's helpful color. Thanks. And then just wanted to ask on the cash position and how to think about the leverage in the business. Just post tax reform, any thoughts around changing how you think about how levered Moody's should be just given you convert a higher percentage of your EBITDA into actual cash income. And then just on the debt pay-down, I was looking at your guidance for $1.6 billion of free cash flow, looking at $500 million for dividends and buybacks, $500 million for debt pay down and then CapEx another $120 million, it still feels like you've got some extra dry powder there. So just wondering to think about how that could get deployed.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah, it's Linda. I think we intend to proceed as we had said on our ratings level and our leverage levels. We don't like to be right at the edge on any of those things. But your observation is correct; we probably have a few hundred million dollars of potential additional dry powder if things continue as we're seeing now, which we could potentially use in another way. In terms of what we're going to do with interest pay down and then I'll let Ray add some further observations to this, we've got an additional $39 million in interest expense from BvD throughout 2018. That addition is $11 million in the first and second quarter and it kind of ramps down to $9 million and then $8 million in the third and fourth quarter, so probably going to prepay the most expensive debt first as you would probably imagine. So that's how you can probably take a shot at modeling that. But it was sort of like our leverage levels. We like to remain consistent and with a little bit of luck, we'll do perhaps a bit better than we had expected. We could delever a bit more quickly or have a little bit more dry powder and maybe Ray would like to expand on that.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: No, the only thing I would add is to the extent that we are able to delever ahead of what we had previously been anticipating, we certainly would go back and look at our capital policy and how we want to handle that.
Conor Fitzgerald - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's helpful. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: We'll go next to Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, good morning. Thank you for – or good afternoon, thank you for squeezing me in here. First question just, Linda, would you be able to bracket the tax impact on free cash flow due to the tax legislation?
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Sure. We were able to, for 2018, add about $150 million to free cash flow from the reduction in the tax rate, which is helpful. Might be interesting, Shlomo, to take a look at the increase in our 2018 adjusted diluted EPS guidance. And we're moving from if I've got this right about $6.07 to a midpoint of a little over $7.70. I think what we have there is about $0.65 of that from U.S. tax reform, about $0.40 each from BvD and the business and maybe $0.15 coming from FX and other things. So $0.80 of our increase there is really coming from our business and the acquisition, $0.55 from tax reform and the rest from FX. In terms of the operating margin expansion, we also got the question about how much of that is from FX. So, if you look at that 70 basis points, only 10 basis points is from FX. So we're doing most of that the hard way. So, I hope that all of that is helpful to you in thinking about where we're going with 2018.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. And thanks, just as a follow-up, just a little on BvD, a prime competitor of theirs in Benelux was DNB and they sold that business to a private investor about a year and a half ago. Was there any change in competitive environment back then? I mean one of the reasons they sold was because they were being challenged by BvD. I want to know if the old DNB business has become more competitive for you guys over there.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Bureau van Dijk has a terrific market position in Europe and has for a very long time. We have not seen any meaningful change to the competitive situation there, which is not to say that there isn't competition, but we feel that we're very, very well positioned, we feel good about where we are.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll go next to Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon, everyone. So, Linda, just wanted to say phenomenal run, congratulations and I look forward to when our paths cross again.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Thanks, Bill.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I wanted to ask a question on RD&A. You'd talked about the strong organic growth there and some of the drivers, a nice pickup in the core research business. You also highlighted 2 to 3 points coming from one-time projects, and you also mentioned the BvD deferred revenue adjustment. So I'm trying to weigh those pieces and I want to ask for your help in terms of how I should think about the constant currency organic revenue growth for RD&A, normalized for all these things kind of going forward.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah I guess Bill, going forward, I think you can think about the underlying legacy business performing at high single digit kinds of rates. And then we've got a number of things that boost the overall results. We've got the addition of Bureau van Dijk. We've got the FX impact which takes us up from there.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Is that helpful?
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So well, not to put words in your mouth, but it sounds like once you've normalized for the factors, kind of as you're exiting 2018, it sounds like you're going to be like low-teens, maybe mid-teens as kind of an organic growth on that piece. Is that the way to think about it or am I missing it?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: That sounds a little high, Bill. I'm not sure how you did that.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Fair point. All right. And then one last question there for my follow-up on the low- single-digit growth on ERS. Maybe give us some color there in terms of what's driving that.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah, a continuation of the story we've been talking about for a while there and I guess there are really two pieces to it. There's the very intentional product strategy that we're pursuing, where we're moving away from a business that was driven rather substantially – where growth was driven rather substantially by lots of one-off project works that we were doing as large customers were asking us to install our software and configure it in a highly bespoke manner for them. We were moving away from that business. Now that we've established what I think is a pretty strong market position, moving away from that very customized kind of business to delivering much more standard product where we can sell a larger number of units ideally on a subscription basis and reduce the amount of low margin services work that we're undertaking. So we've got the services business declining, very intentionally. We're taking on less and less of that work and the product business is growing at a good clip. But as we make this transition from a services-led business to a product-led business, we have this period where the decline in services is offsetting the growth in profit. As we work through that more this year, that situation will start to stabilize and then we'll be growing off of a more stable base as we move into 2019. So that's one part of the story which I guess I would characterize as the idiosyncratic part of the story and then the market part of the story is that ERS was growing very, very well over the last number of years through 2016, driven heavily by new regulation that banks were dealing with around capital adequacy and liquidity and stress testing, et cetera. That regulatory wave has matured. We don't see nearly as much new regulation being placed on banks with respect to those kinds of issues. So the regulatory driver of demand has dissipated. And so we're also dealing with a softer market environment, at the same time that we are executing the shift in product strategy. So we have two things going on that is constraining growth in the ERS business.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Hey, Bill, it's Linda. Also in terms of other things we're doing to make Mark's life a little bit more tricky, you may've heard about the new accounting standard, Revenue Recognition Standard 606, we have to bifurcate software subscription licenses, that requires a lot of accounting work to reclassify some of these things. And near term, that's going to add a little bit more volatility, maybe a 1% negative on MA's overall results in 2018 as we move through that, that should smooth out as we get later on in the year, pretty technical set of changes, but just wanted to let you know that that is going on and it's something that all software companies have to adopt. You'll be seeing more detail on that as we release our 10-K.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Well, thank you very much.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Welcome.
Operator: And we do have a follow-up question from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: Yes. Hi. Can you just flesh out a little bit, if you would, of this very strong growth here in the fourth quarter in finance institutions and obviously for the year as well in 2017, you're looking for, I guess, up mid-single-digit revenue growth in that segment this upcoming year. So, decent growth on top of stellar year, just what's going on there please? Thanks.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah, I mean a large part of the story was the interestingly titled issuance from infrequent issuers in the fourth quarter and there was strength in that outside of the U.S. as well as inside the U.S. Rob, I don't know if there's more detail you have on that.
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah, that's right. I mean in the U.S., it was across banks, insurance companies, cards, securities brokerages. In Europe, really driven by this continued issuance as part of the move towards building levels of bail-in-able capital as part of TLAC in the resolution regimes in Europe. So that's been kind of a full-year trend. And in Asia, we saw some good issuance from Chinese asset management companies, ASEAN. And we even saw some good issuance activity from our affiliate in Korea where there was a good bit of issuance from subsidiaries of foreign banks. So, like Ray said, a lot of issuance that tended to come from issuers who aren't hitting the markets frequently. As you know, Craig, there's a more relationship-based construct. And you can see our guidance, we would expect to move back to something that looks more like that in 2018.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Ray McDaniel, at this time, I'll turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Okay. Just want to thank everyone for joining the call today and we look forward to speaking with you at Investor Day on February 28. Thanks again.
Operator: And this concludes Moody's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2017 Earnings Call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Earnings section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay of this call will be available after 3:00 PM Eastern Time on Moody's IR website. Thank you.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-03 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Maire - Global Head, IR and Communications Ray McDaniel - President and CEO Linda Huber - EVP and CFO Mark Almeida - President, Moody’s Analytics Rob Fauber - President, Moody’s Investors Service
Analysts: Toni Kaplan - Morgan Stanley Alex Kramm - UBS Manav Patnaik - Barclays Anj Singh - Credit Suisse Tim McHugh - William Blair Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Jeff Silber - BMO Capital Markets Conor Fitzgerald - Goldman Sachs Bill Warmington - Wells Fargo Vincent Hung - Autonomous Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray Patrick O’Shaughnessy - Raymond James
Operator: Good day. Welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody’s Corporation Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the Company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers following today’s presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Steve Maire, Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Maire: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us this teleconference to discuss Moody’s third quarter 2017 results, as well as our current outlook for full year 2017. I am Steve Maire, Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications. This morning, Moody’s released its results for the third quarter of 2017 as well as our current outlook for full year 2017. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody’s President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning’s conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Moody’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today’s remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management’s Discussion and Analysis section and the Risk Factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and in other SEC filings made by the Company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I’ll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel: Thank you, Steve. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today’s call. I’ll begin by summarizing Moody’s third quarter and year-to-date 2017 financial results. Linda will follow with additional third quarter financial details and operating highlights. I will then conclude with comments on our current outlook for 2017. After our prepared remarks, we’ll be happy to respond to your questions. Before addressing our financial results, I want to begin by saying that we’re pleased to have closed the Bureau van Dijk acquisition and are excited to welcome our new Bureau van Dijk colleagues to Moody’s. While we’ve owned the company for only 12 weeks, our experience thus is far is very positive and the operations of Bureau van Dijk are proving to be in line with our expectations. Our integration efforts are on track and we remain confident about achieving the synergy targets that we communicated when we announced the acquisition. Starting from this earnings release, results and guidance will include Bureau van Dijk from the August 10th acquisition close date. Also, as we previously communicated, we’re now excluding the amortization of all acquisition-related intangibles from our diluted EPS metric. This includes amortization of intangibles from Bureau van Dijk as well as earlier acquisitions. In the third quarter, Moody’s achieved a record $1.1 billion in quarterly revenue, up 16% from the third quarter of 2016. Operating expenses for the third quarter totaled $618 million, up 19% of which Bureau van Dijk operating expenses and acquisition-related expenses constituted 8 percentage points. Operating income was $445 million, up 12%, and adjusted operating income of $499 million was up 14%. We are defining adjusted operating income as operating income before depreciation and amortization as well as and Bureau van Dijk acquisition-related expenses. The operating margin was 41.9%, down from 43.3% in the third quarter of 2016. The adjusted operating margin was 46.9%, down from 47.8%. Moody’s diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.63 per share, up 24% from the third quarter of 2016. Adjusted diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.52, up 10%. Third quarter 2017 adjusted diluted EPS excludes a $44 million or $0.23 per share gain from a foreign currency hedge associated with the Bureau van Dijk acquisition, $14 million or $0.08 related to the amortization of all acquisition-related intangibles, and $9 million or $0.04 per share of acquisition-related expenses. Third quarter 2016 adjusted diluted EPS excludes $6 million or $0.04 per share related to amortization of all acquisition-related intangibles and $6 million or $0.03 per share from a restructuring charge. Turning to year-to-date performance. Moody’s revenue for the first nine months of 2017 was $3 billion, up 14% from the prior year period. U.S. revenue was $1.7 billion, up 10%, while non-U.S. revenue was $1.3 billion, up 20%. The impact of foreign currency translation was negligible. Revenue at Moody’s Investors Service of almost $2.1 billion was up 16% from the prior year period. U.S. revenue was $1.3 billion, up 12%, while non-U.S. revenue was $787 million, up 24%. Revenue at Moody’s Analytics was $990 million, a 10% increase over the prior year period. U.S. revenue of $471 million was up 6%, while non-U.S. revenue of $518 million was up 14%. Excluding Bureau van Dijk, organic MA revenue was $959 million, up 7% from the prior year period. Operating expenses for the first nine months of 2017 totaled almost $1.7 billion, up 9% from the prior year period of which Bureau van Dijk operating expenses and acquisition-related expenses constituted 3 percentage points. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted expense by 1%. Operating income was $1.3 billion, up 21%. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted operating income by 1%. Adjusted operating income of $1.5 billion was also up 21%. Moody’s operating margin was 44.3% and adjusted operating margin was 48.4%. The effective tax rate for the first nine months of 2017 was 29%, down from the 31.5% in the prior year period. The decline was primarily due to a non-cash non-taxable gain related to a strategic realignment and expansion involving Moody’s Chinese affiliate, CCXI, as well as a benefit from the adoption of the new accounting standard for equity compensation. Primarily due to the strength of the underlying business performance for the first nine months of the year, we are raising our full year 2017 diluted EPS guidance to a range of $6.18 to $6.33. This range includes the $0.36 per share purchase price hedge gain, $0.31 per share CCXI Gain, a $0.23 per share related to amortization of all acquisition-related intangibles and $0.11 per share of Bureau van Dijk acquisition-related expenses. Excluding these items, we anticipate full-year adjusted diluted EPS to be in the range of $5.85 to $6. Both ranges are up approximately $0.50 from prior guidance. I’ll now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Linda Huber: Thanks, Ray. I’ll begin with revenue at the Company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody’s total revenue for the third quarter was a record $1.1 billion, up 16%, U.S. revenue of $588 million was up 8%, non-U.S. revenue of $475 million was up 28% and represented 45% of Moody’s total revenue. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted Moody’s revenue by 1%. Recurring revenue of $535 million was up 16% and represented 50% of total revenue. Looking now at each of our business is starting with Moody’s Investors Service. Total MIS revenue for the quarter was $694 million, up 13%., U.S. revenue increased 9% to $428 million, non-U.S. revenue of $267 million was up 21% and represented 38% of total MIS revenue. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted MIS revenue by 1%. And moving now to the lines of business for MIS. First, corporate finance revenue for the third quarter was $350 million, up 17%. This result reflected strong U.S. investment grade and Asian speculative grade bond issuance as well as a strong contribution from the U.S. rated bank loans. U.S. and non-U.S. corporate finance revenues were each up 17%. Second, structured finance revenue totaled $128 million, up 23% primarily driven by strong CLO issuance and an increase in U.S. CMBS rated transactions. U.S. and non-U.S. structured finance revenues were up 25% and 19%, respectively. Third, financial institutions revenue of $102 million was up 7%; this result was largely driven by an increase in banking issuance from infrequent issuers in EMEA. U.S. financial institutions revenue was down 2%, while non-U.S. revenue was up 13%. Fourth, public, project and infrastructure finance revenue of $109.2 million was up 4%. This result was primarily driven by increased infrastructure finance activity in EMEA and Asia, offset by a decrease in U.S. public finance issuance. U.S. public, project and infrastructure finance revenue was down 16%, while non-U.S. revenue was up 53%. Finally, MIS other which consists of non-ratings revenue from ICRA in India and Korea Investors Service, contributed $4 million to MIS revenue for third, down 41%, the decline is attributable to the divesture of a non-core subsidiary of ICRA in late 2016. Turning now to Moody’s Analytics. Total revenue for MA of $369 million was up 21%. U.S. revenue of $161 million was up 4%. Non-U.S. revenue of $208 million was up 38% and represented 56% of total MA revenue. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted MA revenue by 1%. Excluding Bureau van Dijk, total organic MA revenue for the third quarter of 2017 was $339 million, up 11% from the third quarter of 2016. Moving now to the lines of business for MA. First, research, data and analytics, or RD&A, revenue of $218 million was up 30% and represented 59% of total MA revenue. Growth was mainly driven by the addition of Bureau van Dijk as well as strength the credit research and data feeds businesses. U.S. and non-U.S. RD&A revenues were up 7% and 65% respectively. Excluding Bureau van Dijk, global organic RD&A revenue was $188 million, up 12% from the third quarter of 2016. Bureau van Dijk’s revenue contribution for the third quarter was reduced $14 million as a result of a deferred revenue adjustment required as part of acquisition accounting. Second, enterprise risk solutions or ERS revenue of $113 million was up 11% from the prior-year period. U.S. ERS revenue was down 4%, while non-U.S. revenue was up 21%. Trailing 12 months revenue and sales for ERS increased 6% and 7%, respectively. We continue to make progress on shifting the mix of the ERS business to emphasize higher margin products with trailing 12-month product sales of 17% and services sales down 18%. Third, professional services revenue of $38 million was up 6%. U.S. and non-U.S. professional services revenue were up 5% and 6%, respectively. And turning now to operating expenses. Moody’s third quarter operating expenses totaled $618 million, up 19% of which Bureau van Dijk operating expenses and acquisition-related expenses constituted 8 percentage points. The overall increase was primarily attributable to higher accruals for incentive compensation, Bureau van Dijk operating expenses, amortization of intangibles from the acquisition of Bureau van Dijk, and acquisition-related expenses. The impact of foreign currency translation was negligible. As Ray mentioned, Moody’s operating margin was 41.9%, down 140 basis points from 43.3% in the third quarter of 2016. Adjusted operating margin was 46.9%, down 90 basis points from 47.8%. Moody’s effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.4%, up from 30.5% in the prior year period. This increase is primarily due to an increase in the rate of non-U.S. taxes and the tax on the purchase price hedge gain, partially offset by a tax benefit from the adoption of the new accounting standard for equity compensation. And now, I’ll provide an update on capital allocation. During third quarter of 2017, Moody’s repurchased approximately 200,000 shares at a total cost of $29 million for an average cost of $130.75 per share. Moody’s also issued approximately 300,000 shares as part of its employee stock-based compensation plan. Moody’s returned $73 million to its shareholders via dividend payments in the third quarter of 2017; and on October 23rd, the Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.38 per share of Moody’s common stock. This dividend will be payable on December 12, 2017 to stockholders of record at the close of business on November 21, 2017. Over the first nine months of 2017, Moody’s repurchased 1.4 million shares at a total cost of $164 million or an average cost of $116.70 per share, and issued approximately 2.2 million shares as part of its employee stock-based compensation plan. Moody’s also returned $218 million to its shareholders via dividend payments during the first nine months of 2017. Outstanding shares as of September 30, 2017 totaled 191.1 million, approximately flat to a year-ago. As of September 30, 2017, Moody’s had approximately $600 million of share repurchase authority remaining. I’ll now walk you through the financing of the Bureau van Dijk acquisition which closed on August 10, 2017 at a purchase price of approximately €3 billion or US$3.5 billion. Moody’s issued approximately $1.8 billion of debt including $1 billion of notes, a $500 million term loan and $300 million of commercial paper at a combined blended interest rate of approximately 2.6% pretax. The incremental financing expense associated with these items amounted to $0.03 per share in the third quarter. The balance of the purchase price was funded by $1.4 billion of offshore cash, approximately $300 million of U.S. cash on hand, and an approximate $100 million purchase price hedge gain due to the appreciation of the euro from the acquisition announcement date to the close date. At quarter-end, Moody’s had $5.7 billion of outstanding debt and approximately $700 million of additional borrowing capacity available under our revolving credit facility. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at quarter- end were $1.1 billion, with approximately 74% held outside the U.S. Cash flow from operations for the first nine months of 2017 was $343 million, a decline of $889 million from the first nine months of 2016. Free cash flow for the first nine months of 2017 was $273 million, a decline of $804 million from the prior year period. These declines in cash flow were due to payments the Company made in the first quarter of 2017 pursuant to its 2016 settlement with the Department of Justice and various states attorneys general. And with that, I’ll turn the call back over to Ray.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. Thanks, Linda. I’ll conclude this morning’s prepared comments by discussing the changes to our full-year guidance for 2017. Complete list of Moody’s guidance is included in Table 12 of our third quarter 2017 earnings press release, which can be found on the Moody’s Investor Relations website at ir.moodys.com. Moody’s outlook for 2017 is based on assumptions about many geopolitical conditions, and macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions, consumer borrowing and securitization, and the amount of debt issued. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty and the results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our outlook assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. Specifically, our forecast reflects exchange rates for the British pound of $1.34 to £1 and for the euro of $1.18 to €1. Moody’s full year 2017 guidance incorporates Bureau van Dijk’s results starting from the acquisition close date of August 10, 2017. Bureau van Dijk’s revenue contribution for full year 2017 will be reduced by an estimated $39 million, $14 million in the third quarter and an estimated $25 million in the fourth quarter, as a result of a deferred revenue adjustment required as part of the acquisition accounting. Moody’s now expects full year 2017 diluted EPS to be $6.18 to $6.33, including the purchase price hedge gain, CCXI Gain, amortization of all acquisition-related intangibles and acquisition-related expenses. Excluding these items, full-year 2017 adjusted diluted EPS is now expected to be $5.85 to $6.00. Both ranges include an estimated $0.20 per share tax benefit related to the adoption of the new accounting standard for equity compensation. Moody’s now expects revenue to increase in the low-teens percent range. Operating expenses are now expected to decrease in the 20% to 25% range. Excluding the 2016 settlement and restructuring charges and acquisition-related expenses, adjusted operating expenses are now expected to increase in the low double-digit percent range. Depreciation and amortization expense is now expected to be approximately $160 million. Free cash flow is now expected to be approximately $600 million. For MIS, Moody’s now expects 2017 revenue to increase in the low-teens percent range. U.S. revenue is now expected to increase in the low double-digit percent range and non-U.S. revenue is now expected to increase in the high-teens percent range. Corporate finance revenue is now expected to increase in the low-20s percent range. Structured finance revenue is now expected to increase approximately 10%. Financial institutions revenue is now expected to increase in the low double-digit percent range. Public, project and infrastructure finance revenue is now expected to be approximately flat. For MA, Moody’s now expects 2017 revenue to increase in the low-teens percent range. Non-U.S. revenue is now expected to increase in the low-20s percent range. Excluding Bureau van Dijk, MA revenue is still expected to increase in the high single-digit percent range. RD&A revenue is now expected to increase in the low-20s percent range. Excluding Bureau van Dijk, our RD&A revenue is still expected to increase in the low double-digit percent range. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining Linda and me for the question-and-answer session are Mark Almeida, President of Moody’s Analytics, and Rob Fauber, President of Moody’s Investors Service. We’ll be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll go first to Toni Kaplan at Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan: Hi. Good morning. With regard to the latest tax reform proposal, how are you thinking about the change in issuance if interest deductibility is capped at 30% of EBITDA?
Ray McDaniel: I’ll offer some initial comments and my colleagues may wish to add their thoughts as well. I don’t anticipate this is going to make a big difference in issuance levels. Certainly, with the 30% interest deductibility cap, there will be some impact on more speculative grade companies that may reach that cap. But, I don’t believe it’s going to fundamentally change the capital structure or thinking about debt issuance and leverage at these firms. I would also point out that the benefit we would get from moving to a 20% tax rate would be much more substantial than what I would anticipate being any decrease in revenue from reduced debt issuance. So, I think it’s positive. And we will whether the current form this bill goes through and obviously take close attention to any change that happen along the way. I’d also note that I look favorably at the five-year carry-forward that’s been proposed as part of this, in terms mitigating any changes in the attractiveness of debt assurance.
Linda Huber: Toni, it’s Linda and [indiscernible] after me. I think we do want to make sure that everyone continues to understand the 20% proposed corporate tax rate would be dramatically beneficial for Moody’s if in fact that rate did come to pass. To think about the math, everyone should look at 1% decrease in our estimated tax rate, would be $0.07 to $0.08 in EPS. So, please use whatever rate you would like to, but in any case that would be quite a wind at our back because we’re a pretty full tax payer.
Toni Kaplan: And just wanted to ask, you had a great quarter in ratings, but it looked like the incremental margins on MIS were a little bit lower than prior quarters. And I think in the release, you mentioned an increase in incentive comp accruals as one of the drivers. Are there other drivers to call out, and could you give you the incentive comp expense for the quarter? Thanks.
Linda Huber: As you see, we’ve increased guidance pretty significantly at this point in the year. That requires that we have a catch-up in terms of our percentage completion of our performance on that new target. For the corporation as a whole, we’ve adjusted incentive compensation. We had to add $35.6 million to that amount. That includes incentive compensation. And then, in salaries and benefit, we’ve also had to add approximately $22 million; this will include about $5 million we’re thinking of global profit sharing for the firm. And I’ll let Rob talk to the question on the MIS margin.
Rob Fauber: Yes. That is right, Linda. The growth in MIS expenses, as Linda said, primarily due to the higher incentive comp accruals. If you look at our year-to-date adjusted operating margin versus prior year, you’ll see about 300 basis points of margin expansion. And taking account of the catch-up accrual for incentive comp that Linda talked and last year’s restructuring charge that you can see, our adjusted operating margins is largely consistent -- for the third quarter is largely consistent with that year-to-date figure.
Operator: We’ll go next to Alex Kramm at UBS.
Alex Kramm: Just maybe just to come back on the tax side, again. Thanks for the color. We know this is obviously early days, we’ll see what changes. But like, when you mentioned Ray on the spec rate side there could be some impact, do you have some more like numbers you can share with us like when you look at your rated debt today, how many of those companies would be hitting those thresholds? And then secondarily on the taxes, are there other things that you didn’t mention to the earlier question that we should be thinking about? For example, yesterday, private equity companies got pretty hard in the market because there’s some worry. Obviously, those are big users of debt as [ph] the companies private et cetera. Is that something we should be thinking about as well?
Ray McDaniel: Well, just in terms of the overall outlook, as we’re looking at the end of this year and going into next year, we obviously have some movements or anticipated movements in official rates. But, the spreads remain tight. And in fact, the default rate forecast is for the default rate to be declining over the next 12 months, which should further encourage tight spreads. So, there’s some -- there are some good news items around the debt issuance profile, even as we look at potentially rising rate environment and as we look at coming off very fulsome years for debt issuance, both in the bond and loan sectors. So, I’m not anticipating that either the tax reform or other conditions in the market are going to be generating a strong directional change in 2018 issuance. So, I don’t have anything else I can add on the tax reform proposal itself, but that would be a more general outlook.
Linda Huber: And Alex, just to give you some view -- our view on the high yield default rates, the one year forecast as of the end of September, globally, high yield default rates of 1.9%, U.S. 2.3%, and euro view [ph] 1.3%. So, again pretty benign outlook there on high yield default rate.
Alex Kramm: Okay, good. Thank you. And then just secondly on BVD. You put out that 8-K last week, the confusion with some of these numbers and I think some people wondered if there is some seasonally in that business. So, maybe, can you just talk about how that business is tracking, now that you own it? How we should be thinking about, maybe not just the fourth quarter but also how the year next year progresses, is a steady increasing business or is there seasonality? And then, a very quick one, on the amortization add back, [ph] what’s the amortization add back [ph] in EPS points for the fourth quarter, because I can’t really make sense of the 23 for the full year?
Linda Huber: Okay. So, the way we’re going to deal with this, Alex, is Mark is going to speak first about the view of the growth -- view on the outlook for the business and how we’re doing. And I’m going to take care of some housekeeping on the exciting topics of deferred revenue haircut and conversion from such difference to U.S. GAAP. But before that, Mark has a good part. So, Mark, go ahead.
Mark Almeida: Alex, the BVD business is performing very, very well, very much in line with our expectations, as Ray said. I think probably, the most informative thing you might do is look at the amount of revenue we recognized for that business in the third quarter, carrying in mind, we only had seven weeks of the business and add back in the deferred revenue adjustment. And then, if you annualize that number, you get a very nice number that I think will compare very favorably to what we showed in that 8-K filing. So, I think if you do that math, you’ll see some very nice acceleration in revenue growth. And that’s what we’re seeing and we’re already very engaged with the business and working on a number of new sales opportunities, new product development opportunities. So, everything is going very, very well from an operational standpoint, and we remain very enthusiastic about the business.
Ray McDaniel: One specific I would just add is that I don’t think we see a lot of seasonality in the business, there is some, but not a lot of seasonality, to answer the specific question you were asking. Sorry, Linda.
Linda Huber: Okay. So, accounting class begins now. Deferred revenue haircut. So, the first part of this is, this was fully expected and the adjustment is required by acquisition accounting. It gets amortized as a revenue reduction over the remaining period of customer contracts that were inherited as of the acquisition date. So, this is going to affect us in 2017 and to some extent into 2018. So, what we need to do is fair value all the assets and the liabilities acquired. And the fair value of the deferred revenue is the cost to sell [ph] those contracts plus a reasonable profit margin. So, the total estimated impact, the total deferred revenue haircut is expected to be about $52 million. And as a result, BVD’s revenue contribution will be reduced by about $39 million for this year and an estimated $13 million, which will continue through August of next year for fiscal year 2018. The quarterly impact is $14 million in Q3 and $25 million in Q4. The percent impact for PP&A, Alex, is $0.04.
Alex Kramm: Excellent. Sorry, keep going.
Linda Huber: Okay. So, part two, transitioning from Dutch IFRS to U.S. GAAP, we had to do a couple of things. These have no impact on the economic value of the business, nor how it’s doing. We had to capitalize software and income taxes. And that requires a higher hurdle under U.S. GAAP; and income taxes, we had to put up a small reserve for uncertain tax positions, and that is not required under IFRS. So, those two things, small accounting changes, but that’s it. Anything else we can do for you?
Alex Kramm: No, I think I got plenty. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Manav Patnaik at Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Linda, maybe just to continue that. The margin profile on BVD, I mean, in the past you -- in the presentation, you talked about that being north of 50% on the IFRS standards. So, can you maybe just give us a little accounting on how that gets impacted for year one? And I’m guessing there is just -- I guess, what I’m assuming is there is a natural step down from the 51% because of that expense change and then there’s probably another step down for year one, because of the deferred revenue change. So, maybe just some color there?
Linda Huber: Sure. So, what’s happening is the EBITDA margin under U.S. GAAP is 44%; previously, we’ve spoken about approximately 51%. Those are counting adjustments; they don’t reflect any change in the underlying operating performance of the business. And Mark may want to speak some more about that.
Mark Almeida: I’d only say that what Linda said is correct. There is some accounting phenomena that we’re reporting here but the economics of the business are very much in line with what we expected and what we talked about when we announced the acquisition.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. And then, Ray, you talked about obviously 2018, not having much of an impact from the current proposed the tax reforms. I was just curious, if you had a longer term view. I guess, a lot of the stuff that we’re reading from our credit analysts in-house and the papers and so forth, as you know the reduction in the tax rate, some of the deductibility, et cetera, et cetera will lower leverage and so, probably, over a decade close that reduction. Do you view that or is that something else to do that from your point of view?
Ray McDaniel: The interest deductibility cap first of all should have essentially no impact on the investment grade sector, and should not have a significant impact for the higher rated portion of the speculative grade sector. So, it’s real, when you get more deeply into speculative grade that those was caps may make a difference. And that’s a part of the market that tends to be quite cyclical anyway. I would also -- I would say that a strong economic environment, where firms are investing back in their business are identifying opportunities for growth, is a positive environment, not only for those firms but for the rating side of the business as well. So, if we have an environment in which firms are on their front foot in terms of thinking about growth and investment, mergers and acquisitions et cetera, I think that’s going to be a benign to positive environment for the ratings part of our business.
Linda Huber: Manav, it’s Linda. I wanted to just go back to your earlier part of the question on BVD and its performance, further wanted to add, we have talked about $45 million in synergies forward by 2019, $80 million in synergies by 2021. We view that we are on track with those synergies. And Mark, may want to speak a little bit more about some of the things that we’re working, on that front.
Mark Almeida: Yes. We’re making very good progress on both expense and revenue synergies. We’re already very engaged from a sales perspective. We’ve won business together with customers in multiple parts of the world. We’ve displaced a competitor recently with a joint selling effort in the Middle East. BVD closed its largest-ever sale in the United States last month. And we’ve got new product development activities going on jointly. So, we feel good about what’s happening from a revenue and sales perspective. On the expense side, we’re making good progress on realizing expense synergies. We’re consolidating office locations. We’re already co-located in New York, San Francisco and Hong Kong, and we’re moving forward with other offices as well. So, I think both, on the revenue and the expense side, we are very much on track to deliver on the synergies that we talked about.
Linda Huber: Yes. And I would add, I’m very pleased with Mark and his team. We’re coming in a little bit lighter on the acquisition and integration -- on the integration costs than we had expected. And in order that everyone can model this appropriately, I want to make very clear, in terms of the entirety of the Bureau van Dijk acquisition. Purchase price amortization associated with the entire deal will be $1.3 billion, annual amortization expense is $70 million per year and total annual amortization expense is $95 million from all of our legacy acquisitions. And in a minute, if someone is interested, I’ll walk through the guidance change and the different components of that. I expect we’ll get to another question on that. So with that Manav, anything further or we’ll move on to another question.
Manav Patnaik: I’ll wait for someone to ask the question you want them to ask and take it down.
Linda Huber: Thanks.
Operator: We’ll go next to Anj Singh at Credit Suisse.
Anj Singh: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Could you give us a sense of what pieces of your guidance are benefitting or taking it from FX moves versus last quarter? Just trying to see how the expectations for the underlying strength may have changed on a constant currency basis.
Linda Huber: Sure. So, we have a special bonus slide here in terms of looking at what is going on with our guidance, and let me step through this. So, that slide should be up right now, if you’re looking at the webcast. So, we had started with full year 2017 adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance of a range of $5.35 to $5.50. We have noted that we have now -- we have the addition of legacy amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, and that is $0.12 for the change in guidance for this year or it accounts for about 25% of the $0.50 step up in terms of our guidance. The legacy MCO business weighted pretty heavily toward the MIS business that’s given us about $0.28 of the guidance increase. And again, that’s about 55% of this amount. So, you should very much expect that that part of the business has driven the majority of this increase in guidance. And then, lastly, Bureau van Dijk’s performance adds about $0.10 in terms of what we’re looking for on the addition to the guidance this year or about 20% of that step up. All together, if you add those, you get to about $0.50. The new range is $5.85 to $6 and we’ve got a couple of footnotes here in terms of things that have been included. And I think we’ve got about $0.04 of FX impact in here, and the accounting team is nodding. So, that’s good. So, it has a minimal effect in terms of the $0.50 increase, so less, certainly than 10% in this, increase is attributable to FX.
Anj Singh: And then for a second question on RD&A, looking at your guidance, seems to imply some continued acceleration on an organic basis for 4Q. And I know last quarter, you folks have been a bit measured on the characterization of the improvement that was happening in that business last quarter. So, any updated thoughts on the go forward outlook and any color you can share there?
Ray McDaniel: I would just say that you’re right. We’ve had acceleration in RD&A in the third quarter. And if you look at where our guidance was for RD&A before the Bureau van Dijk acquisition that would imply that we’d have continued acceleration into the fourth quarter. So, that remains our view. And the business is performing well, we’re pleased by what’s happening there, and we expect to carry on and deliver good results there.
Operator: We’ll go next to Tim McHugh at William Blair.
Tim McHugh: Just want to ask about the international part of the credit rating business. It’s been very strong I guess all year, but you’ve been asked this throughout the year, but just revisiting. How much do you put on secular [technical difficult] in that piece versus I guess just favorable conditions or as well as I guess currency helping you there?
Ray McDaniel: Rob, do you want to take that?
Rob Fauber: I’ll just talk a little bit also about kind of the components of this very strong non-U.S. growth story because I think it’s a mix of some of the factors that you cited. Specifically, this quarter, we had much stronger revenue growth outside the U.S. We had real strength in Asian corporate and infrastructure. Obviously, the Asian corporate story importantly, part of that is China, we think that is a long-term trend; that surge we’re seeing in infrastructure issuance also something that I think would be a longer term secular trend. Europe, we saw real strength across the board, across all of our fundamental franchise, and we’re seeing reduced geopolitical risk there, and steady economic recovery. So, again, I think that will contribute to I think very constructive market conditions overall.
Linda Huber: Tim, if you want -- it’s Linda, I’ll step through the market here that we get from the investment banks, just so everybody can think about this a little bit. Again, these are from some of the major investment and commercial banks that we talk to and that this might not align with Moody’s revenue characterizations. But for investment grade bonds so far this year we’ve seen $1.1 trillion in issuance; that’s year-to-date. And the view for the year is flat to up 5%. You’ll recall, when we started last year, the view for this year was supposed to be flat to down 10. So, I would strongly urge that everybody think about that these early estimates for the coming years are often directionally pretty far off from where we end up. Commenting on what banks are seeing now, investment grade bond issuance remains on pace, October issuance of $120 billion was the largest October on record. November is expected to be greater than $75 billion. Spreads remain three-year tight, and the current state of the market is robust. For high yield bonds, $250 billion of issuance this year, up 10% to 15% for the full year expected. High yield bond issuance remains substantially above last year’s levels. Similar to investment grade market, high yield spreads are near three-year right, low volatility in the face of everything going on geopolitically. That’s contributed to an issuer-friendly environment. And we talked about the relatively reasonable, maybe even benign default outlook for high yield for the coming year. Leveraged loans, this is the start of the show, $550 billion so far this year, up 40% is expected for the full year 2017. Leveraged loan market conditions are very strong with the benign outlook on the prospect for rising rates, heavy refinancing and re-pricing activity as issuers capitalize on strong investor demand and CLO issuance is at $90 billion, which is up 80% year-to-date. Headed over to Europe, same view again, this is the coming from the banks, investment grade. We’ve seen a busy period of investment grade and bond issuance. We expect -- they expect that for the remainder of the year, spreads and rates remain near historic lows. There are positive investor fund flows. The European central bank has talked about lengthy period for QE. And Eurozone GDP growth is running at the fastest pace in seven years and that will also continue to support the market despite that the inflation has been quite quiet. Bank of England raised rates yesterday, the first time in a decade but indicated that another rate increase isn’t imminent due to concerns around the potential impact of Brexit. And on secular trend in Europe, general market sentiment remains very positive with the strong pipeline across both, high yield bonds and leverage loans. Credit spreads continue to compress, and that’s offering issuers record low rates. We would also note that U.S. rates are a good deal above European and other rates, which may serve to keep a bit of ceiling on U.S. rates. We also note a new nominee as the Fed head. We’re well were that the forward covers right now are showing us that the probably of December 17 rate hike is about 88%. So, we will see where that goes. And again, the views particularly on the spread front at very attractive level. Don’t know if Rob wants to say any more about that but I think that pretty much caps what the banks are seeing in terms of issuance.
Rob Fauber: Yes. The only other thing I would add Linda is obviously recent announcement by the ECB with the planned reduction of their asset purchases and I think our view is that it’s a pretty gradual stuff towards eventually normalized monetary conditions. And we expect that the impact on market financing conditions will be moderate at most. And as Linda said, they have also signaled they intend to kind of hold on rates beyond the monetary stimulus program. So that will continue to support some attractive issuance conditions combined with economic growth in many parts of Europe.
Tim McHugh: And just one follow-up on BVD. Linda, you gave some helpful kind of bridge in terms of the profit margin versus what we might have thought before for that business. What about versus that 8-K but it was like $70 million per quarter or kind $140 million of revenue? And then, Mark’s approach, he encouraged us to use one in five, [ph] more than $80 million on a run rate. Is there something different versus that statement I guess or that 8-K that we looked at versus what you will now see can bridge that at all for us?
Linda Huber: Sure, I’ll let Mark talk about that.
Mark Almeida: Tim, it’s Mark. I think the difference is, we’re seeing acceleration in the sales performance of the business, which is slowing through the revenue over time. So, I think that’s basically what’s going on. The second half of last year was a little light from a sales perspective and that flowed into first half revenue in 2017. But as I said, we’re seeing acceleration, significant acceleration. And that’s what I think explains the difference between what you saw in the 8-K and what we’re talking about today.
Operator: We’ll go next to Joseph Foresi at Cantor Fitzgerald.
Joseph Foresi: Hi. Another BVD question for you. You talked about the business performing well and maybe even a couple of takeaways. Can you just maybe dive in a little bit deeper into those takeaways? What’s causing them, why would someone switch away from their other vendor and do you expect more of those to come?
Mark Almeida: What I was referring to was we’ve had a couple of situations already where we’ve gone to customers with a joint product offering. So, BVD product together with the Moody’s Analytics product just offering a more complete or more comprehensive solution to customers’ information needs. And I mean, frankly, that was part of the one of the important premises of the acquisition was that we thought there were opportunities for us to do that, and so we’re seeing that. So, by joining our product offerings together, we’re finding that we’re able to meet a broader set of needs or broader set of customers. And as a result, we’re able to displace some competitors. So, we’ve had a couple of examples of that already. And it’s still early days. We think there is a lot more opportunities there for us.
Joseph Foresi: Got it.
Linda Huber: And Joe, let me explain just one of the things. The 8-K that couple of people have mentioned, that 8-K is a bit of an unusual formatting of looking at numbers. And it is by regulation, required to be, BVD management’s projections from their audited 2016 financial statements, which you’ll recall are in a different -- they’re in Dutch IFRS, we’re in U.S. GAAP. And our growth expectations you’ll recall, we have revenue synergies as well that we are looking at. So, when you add those synergies in, you can get to the bridge between the two. And as we said before, we still expect those synergies to come along, as Mark has said. So, I just want to make sure that that is well understood.
Joseph Foresi: Got it. My second question is just on 2018. It sounds like you’re fairly comfortable with the impact of what the tax reform will be and issuance. It sounds like you got a ticker in Analytics business with BVD. So, I guess I’m wondering what areas or what do you think are the great unknown as you head into next year, particularly on the margin side but a little bit on the demand front as well, what are you concerned about? Thanks.
Ray McDaniel: Rob, why don’t you tackle what you’re seeing on the rating side and then Linda can jump in.
Rob Fauber: Yes. I’ll provide a balanced answer here with both some of the support as well as some of the risk. So, we plan to provide a view on 2018 on our 4Q earnings call, as we always do. And that allows us account for Christmas [ph] through the end of the year and other factors like Wall Street estimates and updated macro assumptions. But that said, we certainly see some themes that will shape our outlook. And Ray’s touched on a few of these. But, we see support for issuance growth coming from a number of factors that includes economic growth, continued M&A volumes, modest geopolitical risks, improving commodity prices in a low and actually declining, as Ray and Linda pointed to declining default environment. And, we continue to enjoy some very constructive market conditions; Linda touched on that. And we think that should carry over in to next year. The question marks for us as we look into next year. Asia’s ability to grow off of a very robust issuance growth in 2017, further growth in the U.S. investment grid sector off some very robust recent levels, the potential of deceleration of reifi activity that we’ve seen in 2017, particularly in the bank loan space, and whether we will see an improvement in U.S. public finance refunding activity, which has been down pretty sharply throughout this year. The last thing I would point to is just the potential increase in volatility poses a risk. If you think about this past year, we really didn’t see any kind of shutdowns, market shutdowns where the market closed for one or two weeks. And so, if we were to see that that would obviously provide some downside.
Linda Huber: Sure. And Joe, we’re not going to be brave enough to forecast an estimated tax rate for next year, yet. We’re working with about 30% for this year. And again, if we do see any reduction in the tax rate, again, $0.07 to $0.08 for each percentage that the tax rate -- corporate tax rate might come down, that would be a benefit to us, if that does in fact happen. We would note that we continue to have the ability to price, and we do insist on value for our issuers in terms of price, but the 3% to 4% view continues. And we would also note that growth and interest rate increases are not necessarily a bad condition for Moody’s. We’ve often shown that in 2008-2009 and 2012-2013, when interest rates went up more than 100 basis points during those year-long periods, MIS’s revenue in fact increased. And if we do see some growth in the economy, we may see some increase in issuance for capital expenditures, which has really been lacking as the use of proceeds. In recent years, we’ve been working mostly on refinancing and also payments to shareholders, as well as M&A activity. So, we would love to see a broadening in use of proceeds. And again, as rates move up, as has been speculated about, that is not necessarily a negative condition for Moody’s if that is brought about by strong or good growth in the economy. And Ray may have some other thoughts.
Ray McDaniel: I think that’s pretty comprehensive. So, why don’t we see what other questions we got?
Joseph Foresi: Great.
Operator: We’ll go next to Craig Huber at Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Yes. Hi. Couple of questions. How would you characterize the M&A environment here in the U.S. and Europe today versus a year ago?
Ray McDaniel: It’s been pretty good. We obviously had a period of very heavy M&A volume in really in last couple of years. I would anticipate the M&A environment to remain positive as companies are enjoying economic growth and thinking about investment and building out their businesses. So, I think we should be looking at a good environment for M&A on a going forward basis.
Mark Almeida: The only other thing I’d add to that Ray, obviously, we’ve got a robust equity market, which I think will be healthy for M&A. And M&A has become an increasingly important driver of some of the recent bank loan activity that we’ve been seeing, as we’ve been seeing the modest deceleration in some of that refi activity.
Ray McDaniel: And some of that may convert over to bond activity.
Craig Huber: And I also wanted to ask, obviously, every year there’s some degree of pull forward for refinancings and stuff. How would you characterize that for your book of business this year? I mean, how much should we -- you feel that’s borrowed for the future years, how much more so than usual?
Ray McDaniel: Well, in terms of pull forward from 2018, I think that has been very strong. So, a lot of maturing debt for 2018 has been part of the 2017 story. What we’re looking at though is, again, a substantial build of the refinancing walls, each year. So, the fact that 2018 now doesn’t have much refinancing in its profile, we look to 2019, 2020, and the walls build every year, from 2018 out. So, it really becomes I think more of a question of will firms seek opportunistically to pull forward from multi-year refinancing walls. And that is what we’ve been seeing to-date, I think. But, we’ll have to keep an eye on whether that’s going to continue to characterize the refinancing profile going forward.
Craig Huber: Just a quick housekeeping question, if I may. Linda, the incentive compensation for the first three quarters this year, what was it each quarter? And I was just -- I think you said $20 million profit share. And is that included in the number you’re going to give us, or how does that break into the wall here?
Linda Huber: Profit sharing goes in the salary line. So, for the year, if you look at profit sharing, the numbers that we put up, sequentially for first quarter, we went $52 million; second quarter, $51 million; and then, the number pops up to $78.4 million for the third quarter. And we’re thinking for the fourth quarter, if we had to eyeball this, Craig, the team is thinking 60ish, depending on whether we have another very strong quarter in the fourth quarter that would take us beyond the guidance we’ve just given you, could be higher, but 60ish, given what we’re seeing right now. So, hope that’s helpful to you.
Craig Huber: Is it 20 in those numbers, Linda?
Linda Huber: The 20….
Ray McDaniel: The profit sharing was 5...
Linda Huber: Again, that’s in the salary and ben line. So, we do have that in already. Yes.
Operator: We’ll go next to Jeff Silber at BMO Capital Markets.
Jeff Silber: I know it’s late. I got a couple of numbers questions. Linda, I know you’re dying to talk about the amortization but I’m not going to go there unless you’d really want to. Just in terms of the calculation of the adjusted diluted EPS. Is it possible to give it what it was historically for 4Q 2016 and for 2016, just so we know what the base we’re looking at?
Linda Huber: I think we don’t really want to go into historical pro forma here, if that’s okay.
Ray McDaniel: I think it would -- I don’t have the number in front of me. But, I think you would just be looking at what the legacy purchase price amortization would be as an add-on to the existing adjusted numbers. But, I don’t have that number in front of me.
Jeff Silber: So, let me ask the question another way. If I’m looking at growth in adjusted diluted EPS for the fourth quarter, how do you think that will compare to the year-over-year growth we just saw in the third quarter?
Linda Huber: I’m not sure we want to give guidance on the fourth quarter specifically, Jeff. I think we’re viewing that. We will probably be up from last year’s fourth quarter for the rating agencies, but potentially, sequentially down from this year. I think Rob, may have some more color, he wants to give you on that. Mark may want to get some color on MA. But, I’m not sure we want to get all the way into quarterly guidance for the fourth quarter. Rob, is that about directionally correct?
Rob Fauber: Yes. That’s exactly right, Linda.
Jeff Silber: Okay, great. I want to ask a fourth quarter question, how about a 2017 question, what should we be modeling for interest expense for the year?
Linda Huber: Sure. I can get that for you in just a second. And anticipating the expense ramp question, we would expect that excluding the BVD, the first quarter to the fourth quarter expense ramp would be $55 million to $65 million. We had had a lower number obviously when we talked with you before. If you include BVD, the expense ramp is $120 million to $130 million. Both of those numbers are up from $40 million to $50 million previously. We have the addition of BVD, we have the incentive compensation. And so, I just want to make sure everybody can model that correctly. And, did you want the full 2017 financing cost or do you want the quarter?
Jeff Silber: I’ll take whatever you want to give us.
Linda Huber: Okay. So, year-to-date, the financing costs, the expense on the borrowing running about a $140 million; and for the quarter -- we have the schedule in the earnings release, if you want to take a look at it, it’s about $49 million. 
Jeff Silber: I’m sorry I missed that. Thanks so much.
Linda Huber: Okay.
Operator: Next, we’ll hear from Conor Fitzgerald at Goldman Sachs. 
Conor Fitzgerald: Hi. Good morning. I just want to talk about the longer term trajectory of margins in Moody’s Analytics. Where do you think that could track over the next couple of years, now that you’ve closed BVD?
Ray McDaniel: Sure Mark you want to take that?
Mark Almeida: Sure. Well, I think you really have to decompose that into two pieces. We have to think about the trajectory of margins for the legacy business and then think about what the impact of BVD is? We’ve talked about work that we’re doing to drive margin expansion in the legacy business, principally by expanding the profitability in the ERS segment. We are continuing to make progress on that, we delivered good results in the quarter. The margin expansion, you saw in the quarter, about half of that was due to BVD and the other half was organic. And that’s true, if you look at the nine-month margin expansion in MA as well. So, we’ve got a plan, we’re executing on the plan, and we’re continuing to see the kinds of results there that we expected, and we’ll continue to pursue those efforts over the coming quarters and years. Then separately, you’ve got the Bureau van Dijk effect. That’s a high margin business. It’s going to be accretive to the MA margin. And so, we expect that that’s going to be a boost to profitability in Moody’s Analytics. So, we’ve got two things going on, both of them I think are moving us in a very positive direction, and we’ll continue to pursue our efforts on both sides.
Conor Fitzgerald: Got it, thanks. And then, I appreciate your comments around the 30% cap on interest flexibility will have much of an impact. Can you give us a sense around how sensitive you think the market is, if that cap declined to say 25%?
Ray McDaniel: Obviously, you’re starting to work your way up into higher speculative grade issuers, if you’re 25% or 20%. So, I can’t quantify that for you. But, yes, you are obviously going to be moving up toward the investment grade market, as hypothetical caps come down.
Linda Huber: Conor, we would point that Germany, and I believe the UK is working on the 30% EBITDA cap. So that is somewhat of the view that is looked upon in other countries, maybe where that prospective number has come from.
Operator: We’ll go next to Bill Warmington at Wells Fargo.
Bill Warmington: Good afternoon, everyone. And first of all, welcome to Steve Maire. I think that Salli got the better side of that job. So, a couple of questions on BVD, if I may. The first is, you mentioned the revenue deceleration -- growth deceleration in 2016 and 2017, and then the reacceleration in 2017. And I wanted to ask, if you changed anything in the sales force structure organization that was helping to drive that?
Mark Almeida: The short answer, Bill, is no. What we’re talking about here, these were things that really predated our involvement in Bureau van Dijk. They had discontinued a product and began to build a new product to replace it, which we are actually working with them on and helping bring a better product to the market. The effect of that has been -- was elevated attrition in the legacy product, which having work through that, we’re now seeing the business begin to accelerate. So, what we’re observing here didn’t really have anything to do with our acquisition of the company. It was a historical thing that we were aware of and prepared for as we got involved with the company.
Bill Warmington: You mentioned some early revenue synergies that you’re seeing taking place. I want to ask about Orbis Bank Focus, and that’s one that I’ve heard talked about as potentially being a viable or alternative to S&P Global’s SNL?
Mark Almeida: Yes. That’s right. Again, that’s a product that we are working together with Bureau van Dijk, on. We’ve got a lot of experience in that area working with the rating agency in providing very extensive statistical coverage for rated banks. We know from talking to our customers that there is demand for alternative products that would cover a much larger universe of banks. Bureau van Dijk had started to build out a product for that market. We’re now working together with them to build out what we think will be a better product and we will be coming to market with that product shortly. So, that is an important product development synergy for us.
Operator: We will go next to Vincent Hung at Autonomous.
Vincent Hung: Hi. Maybe I missed this. Can you talk about the source of the strength in professional services? 
Linda Huber: Mark will speak to professional services.
Mark Almeida: Yes. You’re right. We were up in professional services this quarter for the first time in a while frankly. And it was attributable to strength in both of our professional services businesses. Both, our financial training and certification business did well and was up in the quarter as was the Moody’s Analytics knowledge service businesses, our India outsourced research and analytics unit. So, both of those businesses had a string of difficult quarters but have made some very good progress. We think we’ve turned things around in both of those areas. And we’re hopeful that the third quarter results are something that we’re going to be able to continue over the coming quarters as well.
Vincent Hung: And the announced a couple of investments in last couple of weeks in CompStak SecurityScorecard. Could you just talk about these? And also, should we be expecting a lot more of these smaller strategic investments?
Ray McDaniel: I’ll let Rob talk about our interest in couple of these areas and Mark as well. But, as a broad comment, we’re looking at both, adjacent kinds of assessments businesses and adjacent asset classes. Those would be two ways I might think of categorizing where we would investment and where we have interest. And I’ll turn it over to my collogues, more specially on these couple of investments.
Rob Fauber: Yes. In the examples, SecurityScorecard, we saw that as an opportunity to gain some exposure to a growing and very relevant space, cyber security and cyber ratings where ultimately, we think we may be able to partner to add value to both their business and ours.
Mark Almeida: With CompStak, that’s a company that we think is doing some very creative work with advanced technologies to solve a longstanding information transparency problem in commercial real estate market. And as we’ve been quite involved and quite interested in commercial real estate from a couple of different perspectives for some time, we’re very enthusiastic about using their data to expand our product offering for that market. So, the CompStak opportunity is an exciting and an interesting one for us. As far as the likelihood of our doing more of these, I mean, I think these are situations that we generally look at opportunistically. When there is an opportunity to get involved with a company that’s doing interesting work in a market that is attractive to us. We’ll pursue that, but -- and I’m not sure I would characterize this as a fundamental strategy; it’s just something that we want to be thoughtful and creative about.
Operator: We’ll go next to Peter Appert at Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert: Thanks. So, on the MIS margins, performance has been pretty impressive here in 2017, obviously. And I’m wondering about your confidence and the sustainability of the margin leverage in the context of what could be slower revenue growth in 2018?
Linda Huber: Peter, it’s Linda. I’m going to let Rob get warmed up here. But, I’d probably have to get out some of these drag points that we have, just to make sure that everybody understands what’s happening in MIS. I’m going to ask Rob to touch on the fact that we’ve had 6% recurring revenue growth in MIS and Rob can talk about that. So, that’s something that we’re happy with. Secondly, he’s been shy so far to talk about the new mandates we’ve seen in the third quarter of 2017. He’s got 264 new mandates, up 18% from the third quarter of last year; that’s a 40% increase in the year-to-date period. And he’s got expectation for more than 900 new mandates for the full year of 2017. So, with that preamble, I’ll let Rob pick it up from here.
Rob Fauber: Yes. That’s right. Maybe one other interesting point around first time mandate is that -- and this maybe get us back to Tim’s question around the outlook for Asia over the longer term, but, first on mandates out of Asia. Through the year-to-date period or now, within 20% of what we’ve seen in the United States, a very strong story around disintermediation and new issuers coming to the market. Look, on expenses, I think generally, the margin profile I think is sustainable. On one hand, we have to continue to make investments in the business. Obviously, we’ve had a lot of issuance volume. It helps when that issuance volume is in the form of refinancing activity. But, we’re constantly looking at ways that we can continue to drive efficiency across MIS as well.
Ray McDaniel: I would just add, we’ve talked about this before. But, while the new rating mandates do not generally drive the highest margin component of the ratings business, they are a very high quality source of revenue, because it establishes new relationships and translates over time into monitoring fees and additional ratings. So, that’s really I think the best quality revenue that we get as those new rating relationships. 
Peter Appert: Got it. Thank you. And then, Linda, can you just remind me in terms of the plan around repurchase? I know you’ve dialed it back obviously because of the incremental debt load. But, when does it get dialed back out?
Linda Huber: Sure. Peter, we’ve said for 2017 and we also expect for 2018 to have share repurchase fee about $200 million. And we’re on pace for that for 2017. We’ve made commitments that we’re going to delever back to more normalized level, reflecting our BBB plus rating and we’re on path to do that as well. So, we’ll hope to get to around, and this is an approximate number, $200 million this year, Peter. And we are we’re right now thinking about $200 million for next year to honor our commitments on deleveraging.
Operator: We’ll move next to Patrick O’Shaughnessy at Raymond James. 
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Hey. So, credit spreads and credit market volatility are basically at record lows around the globe. Does your research team chop most of this up to low default rates that you talked about earlier or are there other factors that play like Central Bank bond buying? And as some of that bond buying might wind down in the future, maybe we see spreads and volatility pick back up.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. I think you’re exactly right. There is no one factor that is driving the narrow credit spreads that we’re seeing. I do think the low default rate environment and low default rate expectation going forward is a central component. But in terms of looking at supply-demand, what’s happened -- happening with Central Banks and government involvement in the markets, you would have to also consider that as a factor.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Fair enough. And then for my follow-up. President Trump’s nominated the next Fed Chairperson has been a pretty vocal champion of GSE reform in the past. To what extent would his confirmation change your view on the likelihood of GSE reform and maybe potential upside in RMBS?
Ray McDaniel: I’ve been -- this is not a corporate view, it’s a personal view. I’ve been pessimistic about the likelihood of substantial reform of the GSEs. I may be surprised with the new Fed Chair. But, at the moment, I’m going to maintain my existing opinion.
Operator: We have no additional questions at this time. Mr. McDaniel, I’ll turn the program back over to you, sir.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. Let me just turn to Linda for one second.
Linda Huber: Yes, sure. I just wanted to for all you accounting fans out there, make sure that everyone knows that they should take a look at our purchase price amortization tables in the 10-Q which will be release shortly. And also, we had received a question regarding the new rule standard 606, as far as a housekeeping matter I wanted to touch on. We note that we may have some accounting -- some balance sheet adjustments in the first quarter of 2018. You will see an estimate as to what we think about that in the 10-Q that we’re about to release. We don’t think that that will have a material impact on 2018 but we have to continue to do our work. We do see that standard 606 still may introduce a bit of quarterly volatility, but over the full year should not be material. And again, you’ll see that some companies including us will have some estimate ranges in this quarter’s Q. You should take a look at that. And as you have further questions, we’ll have more to state about that as we go into the first quarter of next year, but just wanted to call that out for everyone who is thinking about that revenue recognition standard 606. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to Ray.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. Yes, thanks Linda. Just before we end the call, I want to remind everyone that we’ll be hosting our next Investor Day on February 28, 2018 here in New York. The event will be webcast live, and we’ll have presentations from management and be showcasing the important aspects of the Company’s business. So, thank you very much everyone for joining the call today. And we look forward to speaking with you again in the New Year.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, once again, this does conclude today’s Moody’s third quarter 2017 earnings call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the Company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the third quarter 2017 earnings section of the Moody’s IR homepage. Additionally, a replay of this call will be available after 3.30 p.m. Eastern Time on the Moody’s IR website. Thank you.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-21 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Salli Schwartz - Global Head of IR and Communications Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President and CEO Linda S. Huber - EVP and CFO Robert Fauber - President, Moody's Investors Service Mark E. Almeida - President, Moody's Analytics
Analysts: Toni Kaplan - Morgan Stanley Alex Kramm - UBS Manav Patnaik - Barclays Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company Jeffrey Silber - BMO Capital Markets Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Anjaneya Singh - Credit Suisse William Warmington - Wells Fargo Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research
Operator: Good day and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the Company, we will open the conference up for questions-and-answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications. Please go ahead.
Salli Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's second quarter 2017 results as well as our current outlook for full year 2017. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications. This morning, Moody's released its results for the second quarter of 2017 as well as our current outlook for full year 2017. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our Web-site at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Moody's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the Risk Factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and in other SEC filings made by the Company, which are available on our Web-site and on the Securities and Exchange Commission's Web-site. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Thank you, Salli. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's second quarter and first half 2017 financial results. Linda will follow with additional second quarter financial details and operating highlights. I will then conclude with comments on our current outlook for 2017. And after our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. Before addressing our financial results, I want to begin by saying that we still anticipate completing our proposed acquisition of Bureau Van Dijk in the third quarter. Beginning with our next earnings call, we should be able to discuss our financial results and guidance including the operations of Bureau Van Dijk. For this call however, we will limit our remarks to what we have disclosed in our earnings release this morning. In the second quarter, Moody's achieved a record $1 billion in quarterly revenue, up 8% from the second quarter of 2016. Operating expense in the second quarter was $543 million, up 5%. Operating income was $458 million, up 12%, and adjusted operating income of $497 million was up 13%. We are defining adjusted operating income as operating income before depreciation, amortization and Bureau Van Dijk acquisition related expenses. The operating margin was 45.7%, up from 44.2% in the second quarter of 2016. The adjusted operating margin was 49.7%, up from 47.5%. Moody's diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.61 per share, up 24% from the second quarter of 2016. Adjusted diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.51, up 16%. Second quarter 2017 adjusted diluted EPS excludes the $41 million or $0.13 per share unrealized gain from a euro-denominated purchase price hedge relating to the pending Bureau Van Dijk acquisition as well as $7 million or $0.03 per share of acquisition related expenses. Turning to the first half performance, Moody's revenue for the first half 2017 was almost $2 billion, up 13% from the prior year period. U.S. revenue was $1.1 billion, up 12%, while non-U.S. revenue was $830 million, up 15%. The impact of foreign currency translation was negligible. Moody's Investors Service first half revenue of almost $1.4 billion was up 18% from the prior year period. U.S. revenue was $835 million, up 14%, while non-U.S. revenue was $520 million, up 25%. Moody's Analytics revenue for the first half of 2017 was $621 million, a 4% increase over the prior year. U.S. revenue of $311 million was up 7%, while non-U.S. revenue of $310 million was up 2%. Operating expense for the first half of 2017 was almost $1.1 billion, up 4% from the prior year period. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted expense by 2%. Operating income was $901 million, up 26%. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted operating income by 1%. Adjusted operating income of $973 million was up 25%. Moody's operating margin was 45.6% and its adjusted operating margin was 49.2%. The effective tax rate for the first half of 2017 was 27.8%, down from 32.1% in the prior year period. The decline was primarily due to a non-cash non-taxable gain related to a strategic realignment and expansion involving Moody's Chinese affiliate, CCXI, as well as a benefit from the adoption of the new accounting standard for equity compensation. Given the strength of the first half and a supportive market environment, we are raising our full year 2017 diluted EPS guidance to a range of $5.69 to $5.84. This range includes the $0.31 per share CCXI gain, the $0.13 per share purchase price hedge gain, and $0.10 per share of Bureau Van Dijk acquisition related expenses. Excluding these items, we anticipate full-year adjusted diluted EPS to be in the range of $5.35 to $5.50. I'll now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Linda S. Huber: Thanks Ray. I'll begin with revenue at the Company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody's total revenue for the second quarter was a record $1 billion, up 8%. U.S. revenue of $568 million was up 4%. Non-U.S. revenue of $433 million was up 13% and represented 43% of Moody's total revenue. The impact of foreign currency translation on Moody's revenue was negligible. Recurring revenue of $489 million was up 6% and represented 49% of total revenue. Looking now to each of our businesses, starting with Moody's Investors Service, total MIS revenue for the quarter was $687 million, up 10%. U.S. revenue increased 3% to $412 million. Non-U.S. revenue of $274 million was up 21% and represented 40% of total MIS revenue. The impact of foreign currency translation on MIS revenue was negligible. Moving now to the lines of business for MIS; first, corporate finance revenue for the second quarter was $356 million, up 17%. This result reflected a favorable mix within each of U.S. leveraged finance and EMEA investment grade issuance as well as strong growth in EMEA bank loan and Asian bond issuance. U.S. and non-U.S. corporate finance revenues were up 6% and 40% respectively. Second, structured finance revenue totaled $119 million, up 7%, primarily driven by the continued strength of U.S. CLO issuance. U.S. structured finance revenue was up 12% while non-U.S. revenue was down 3%. Third, financial institutions revenue of $102 million was up 14%. This result was largely driven by an increase in issuance from infrequent issuers in EMEA. U.S. and non-U.S. financial institutions revenue were up 8% and 20% respectively. Fourth, public, project and infrastructure finance revenue of $105 million was down 7%. This result was primarily driven by a decline in U.S. issuance and a change in mix of European infrastructure issuance. The revenue decline was partially offset by strong growth in infrastructure issuance in Asia. U.S. public, project and infrastructure finance revenue was down 12% while non-U.S. revenue was up 4%. Finally, MIS Other, which consist of non-rating revenue from ICRA in India and Korea Investor Service, contributed $5 million to MIS revenue for the second quarter, down 37%. The decline is attributable to the divestiture of a non-core subsidiary of ICRA in late 2016. Turning now to Moody's Analytics, total revenue for MA of $314 million was up 3.5%. U.S. revenue of $155 million was up 6%. Non-U.S. revenue of $158 million was up 1% and represented 50% of total MA revenue. The impact of foreign currency translation on MA revenue was negligible. And now moving to the lines of business for MA; first, research, data and analytics, or RD&A, revenue of $181 million was up 7% and represented 58% of total MA revenue. Growth was mainly driven by strength in sales of credit research and ratings data feeds. U.S. and non-U.S. RD&A revenues were up 6% and 10% respectively. Second, enterprise risk solutions, or ERS, revenue of $97 million was flat to the prior year period. This result was primarily due to the timing of revenue recognition for customer projects, many of which are expected to complete in the second half of the year. U.S. ERS revenue was up 7% while non-U.S. revenue was down 5%. Trailing 12-month revenue and sales for ERS increased 6% and 14% respectively, primarily due to the 2016 acquisition of GGY. We continue to make progress on shifting the mix of the ERS business to emphasize higher-margin product with trailing 12-month product sales of 21% and services sales declining by 4%. Third, professional services revenue of $36 million was down 5%. U.S. professional services revenue was up 6% while non-U.S. revenue was down 10%. And turning now to operating expenses, Moody's second quarter operating expense was $543 million, up 5%. The increase was primarily attributable to annual salary increases, higher accruals for incentive compensation, and expenses related to the pending acquisition of Bureau Van Dijk. This increase was partially offset by a decline in non-compensation expense and a favorable foreign currency translation impact of 2%. As Ray mentioned, Moody's operating margin was 45.7%, up 150 basis points from 44.2% in the second quarter of 2016. Adjusted operating margin was 49.7%, up 220 basis points from 47.5% a year ago. Moody's effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.1%, up from 31.9% in the prior year period. Now I'll provide an update on capital allocation. During the second quarter of 2017, Moody's repurchased approximately 700,000 shares at a total cost of $79.5 million or an average cost of $115.35 per share. Moody's also issued approximately 400,000 shares as part of its employee stock-based compensation plan. Moody's returned $73 million to its shareholders via dividend payments during the second quarter of 2017, and on July 11 the Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.38 per share of Moody's common stock. This dividend will be payable on September 12, 2017 to stockholders of record at the close of business on August 22, 2017. Over the first half of 2017, Moody's repurchased 1.2 million shares at a total cost of $134.5 million or an average cost of $114.06 per share, and issued approximately 1.9 million shares as part of its employee stock-based compensation plan. Moody's also returned $145 million to its shareholders via dividend payments during the first half. Outstanding shares as of June 30, 2017 totaled 191 million, down 1% from a year ago. As of June 30, 2017, Moody's had approximately $600 million of share repurchase authority remaining. As part of Moody's financing of the pending acquisition of Bureau van Dijk, on June 12, 2017, Moody's closed its issuance of $1 billion of senior unsecured notes consisting of $500 million of 2.625% notes due 2023 and $500 million of 3.25% notes due 2028. Prior to issuing these notes, Moody's had an undrawn bridge loan facility. The incremental financing expenses associated with these items amounted to $0.03 per share in the second quarter. At quarter end, Moody's had $4.9 billion of outstanding debt and $1.5 billion of additional debt capacity available under its revolving credit facility and undrawn term loan. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at quarter end were almost $3.4 billion, with approximately 58% held outside the U.S. Cash flow from operations for the first half of 2017 was negative $48 million, a decline from a positive $546 million in the first half of 2016. Free cash flow for the first half of 2017 was negative $91 million, a decline from positive $492 million in the prior year period. The declines in cash flow from operations and free cash flow were due to payments the Company made in the first quarter 2017 pursuant to its 2016 settlement with the Department of Justice and various states attorneys general. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Ray.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Okay, thanks Linda. I'll conclude this morning's prepared comments by discussing the changes to our full year guidance for 2017. A complete list of Moody's guidance is included in Table 11 of our second quarter 2017 earnings press release, which can be found on the Moody's Investor Relations Web-site at ir.moodys.com. Moody's outlook for 2017 is based on assumptions about many geopolitical conditions, and macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions, consumer borrowing and securitization, and the amount of debt issued. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty and the results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our outlook assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. Specifically, our forecast reflects exchange rates for the British pound of $1.30 to GBP1 and for the euro of $1.14 to EUR1. As I noted previously, this guidance does not include revenue and operating expense estimates related to our pending acquisition of Bureau Van Dijk. Moody's now expects full year 2017 diluted EPS to be $5.69 to $5.84, including the CCXI gain, the purchase price hedge gain, and acquisition related expenses for Bureau Van Dijk. Excluding these items, full-year 2017 adjusted diluted EPS is now expected to be $5.35 to $5.50. Both ranges include an estimated $0.16 per share tax benefit due to the adoption of the new accounting standard for equity compensation as well as an estimated $0.10 per share impact from financing expenses related to the pending acquisition of Bureau Van Dijk, and an estimated $0.04 per share impact related to reduction in share repurchase activity as a consequence of financing the acquisition. The adjusted operating margin is now expected to be approximately 47%. Moody's now expects full year 2017 revenue to increase in the high single-digit percent range. For MIS, full year 2017 revenue is now expected to increase in the high single-digit percent range also. U.S. revenue is still expected to increase in the mid single-digit percent range while non-U.S. revenue is now expected to increase in the low teens percent range. Corporate finance revenue is now expected to increase in the low teens percent range. Financial institutions revenue is now expected to increase in the high single-digit percent range. For MA, full-year 2017 revenue is now expected to increase in the high single-digit percent range. U.S. revenue is now expected to increase in the mid single-digit percent range and non-U.S. revenue is now expected to increase in the low double-digit percent range. RD&A revenue is now expected to increase in the low double-digit percent range. Before turning to Q&A, a reminder that we continue to expect our previously announced acquisition of Bureau Van Dijk to close in the third quarter of 2017. As a result, we are not able to provide any updates for you regarding the pending acquisition beyond what we have said in the earnings release. This concludes our prepared remarks, and so joining Linda and me for the question-and-answer session are Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics, and Rob Fauber, President of Moody's Investors Service. We'd be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Toni Kaplan from Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan: Within corporate finance, you had a very strong first half and you've increased guidance for the year. Could you give some additional color on the drivers? Is it just issuance related or is pricing or share gains also playing a factor there? And also, just which regions have been very strong? It looks like the non-U.S. business is where you're really expecting the benefit?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: I'll turn this over to Rob to provide some color, but you are correct, we had very strong performance in the leveraged loan and spec rate portions of the market and the non-U.S. growth was very strong as well. So Rob, I don't know if you wanted to provide any color commentary on that.
Robert Fauber: The first point there in regards to kind of the drivers of revenue growth, there were a few things that played into it for this quarter. First, we had a very favorable mix of issuance. And by this, I mean that we saw very strong issuance from issuers who are typically infrequent issuers rather than issuers on relationship based arrangements with us. As Ray mentioned, U.S. bank loans, we saw a very healthy activity there. And we benefitted from issuance that was a bit more broad-based than last year where we had several kind of super-jumbo transactions included in the volume. So, this broader issuance generally leads to better revenue yield. We had very strong growth in first time mandates also contributing to that favorable mix. And as Ray mentioned, some pockets of very strong issuance growth, particularly outside the United States, EMEA bank loans, Asian corporate finance, Canada, to spotlight three.
Toni Kaplan: Okay, great. And then you raised the MA guidance to high singles from mid and basically because of the RD&A line, and so could you just give us some color on why your confidence has increased in that business segment, and so what's really driving your higher confidence for that for the rest of the year? Thanks.
Mark E. Almeida: Sure. This is Mark. We're getting some benefit from the stronger pound and euro, but on a constant dollar basis, growth is pushing up from high single-digits to double-digits and we're seeing good underlying performance in the business with better-than-expected yield from price, new sales production and net upgrades, somewhat offset by higher attrition. So overall, the business is firm across all of the different product areas, and it's just pushing us up slightly from high single to the lower end of double-digits.
Operator: Thank you, and we'll go next to Alex Kramm from UBS.
Alex Kramm: Just maybe stepping back and asking more broadly about the guidance here, obviously a great first half of the year. If I look at typical seasonality, I think the guidance suggests a slowdown that's usually a little bit bigger than what we would expect typically. So maybe just some commentary around what is conservatism or are there actually any particular areas that make you think that some of the current run rates are not sustainable and some of this was more one-time than usual?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: We certainly think that there has been pull-forward into the first half, including the second quarter. How much opportunistic financing is still going to occur in the second half pulling forward from 2018, we'll just have to see, but borrowing conditions do remain good, rates are low, spreads are narrow. So, that's all positive. Also, I would say in terms of the second half, we're cognizant of the fact that we are going to be compared against a strong second half in 2016. And so while we think there's going to be healthy activity, the comparables are more challenging in the second half.
Alex Kramm: All right, makes sense. And then maybe just shifting gears away from earnings for a second here, I wanted to ask you about BVD. When you had the call and you were pointing out the strong growth that these guys had, I think like 9% CAGR or so plus, I think there was a sense that a lot of that was true growth and very little pricing, and I think there's an expectation that you can do more there down the line. When we do our own channel checks, it actually sounds like pricing has been a fairly healthy component. In some cases, maybe there was even a goal to like, you renew or do you want to have now maybe close to like 10% increases from time to time again. These might be one-off conversations, but the point is, can you just compare and contrast what we may have heard and kind of like the sense that you'll have post the call now that you maybe have spent a little bit more time?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Yes, I mean to answer generally, I think the answer is the same as how we think about pricing for the rest of Moody's Corporation. We are going to be very focused on what kind of additional value can be provided, the synergies that we talked about, and that any pricing that we would seek to increase would be associated with the growth in value of the product and data that we're making available.
Operator: Thank you, and we'll take our next question from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: The first question is just around guidance. I was wondering if you could maybe flesh out the benefit you had from FX both on the top line and EPS.
Linda S. Huber: Sure, Manav. Hang on just one second.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: It was not material in the second quarter. It was negligible on revenue and I think it was 1% on expense.
Linda S. Huber: And Manav, to anticipate, if you're wondering about the full 2017 outlook, we're expecting a 2% favorable impact on revenue growth, and as Ray had said, a minimal slightly unfavorable impact on expense growth. Does that help you out?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: That's for the full year.
Manav Patnaik: Yes, great. That's what I was looking for. Okay, and then just broadly I guess maybe tying into the typical expense ramp that you usually give us Linda, it sounds like you're generally a little bit [indiscernible] in the second half, understanding that [indiscernible] and so forth, but what is I guess the cost control focus look like now at the Company?
Linda S. Huber: Sure, Manav. In answering the ramp question, looking at the first quarter expense run rate to the fourth quarter, now we're looking at a ramp of $40 million to $50 million, and previously we had said $30 million to $40 million. Some of that is because our projects are stretching out a little bit further into the year and we do expect some hiring in some of the businesses. However, we're keeping very close, very tight handle on hiring around here and we do continue very much to focus on expense controls, focus on T&E, but particularly using caution in hiring particularly in the higher cost areas and looking to substitute where possible in other locations. So, we continue that focus throughout the year.
Operator: Thank you, and we'll go next to Tim McHugh from William Blair.
Timothy McHugh: Maybe just to ask on Europe, I think in the past you've had somewhat of a mixed view of the opportunity there given GDP growth versus the secular trend. Obviously trends are very strong lately I guess, found out from one of the earlier questions. Has your view of the importance there or the pace of growth that we could expect to see during the next few years internationally changed at all or improved at all?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: No, I think for both Europe and the U.S., we expect growth to be modest, GDP growth, and then debt growth to be modest. But the mix of debt that is in the banking system versus the capital markets, we certainly expect to continue to see this intermediation trend continue. And that is the European story, actually a global story, but it's definitely a European story as well. And given the caution in Europe about the pace at which they might engage in any tapering, I think we're going to continue to see a good market environment, good market tone going forward. And that is a little more optimistic than I had been at certain points in the past.
Linda S. Huber: Tim, it's Linda. Let me just interject here. The issuers we're hearing from, a number of the investment banks that we talk to, and then Rob Fauber may have some more granular color for you, but looking at the European markets, and again this is not a Moody's view but rather what we're hearing from the banks, they are saying they are expecting the second half of 2017 volumes to be in line with first half activity as issuance volumes pick back up after the post-summer slowdown. As Ray had noted, the spreads in rates remained very attractive and we'll see what happens with the tapering. In spec rate in Europe, the leveraged loan market remains robust, but some softness crept into high-yield given where we are in the calendar year, as is typical with the summer issuance weakening a bit. Most of the refinancing expected in 2017 may have already occurred, but fundamentals are improving, economic growth looks reasonable, and there's the overhang of uncertainty from Brexit. Maybe Rob might want to speak a little bit more specifically about what he's seeing in MIS.
Robert Fauber: The only other thing I would add to that and echo Ray and Linda's comments, we've seen very strong issuance growth there. That continued through the French and U.K. elections. Lots of investor interest, lots of cash to invest there. And we've also seen a pickup in first time mandate activity in EMEA, recent activity about 2x what we have been seeing over the last year or two. So a very good indicator about first-time issuers coming into the market, and as Ray said, that this in the year should trend.
Timothy McHugh: Okay, great. And can I follow-up on RD&A? Mark, I understand kind of the metrics you gave in terms of new sales and pricing, but I guess one part is, can you comment on where you've seen higher attrition? And secondarily, the improved sales that's leading to the higher revenue growth, given there's a bunch of different solutions you provide within RD&A, can you elaborate on what parts I guess of that segment are seeing a stronger demand or stronger growth?
Mark E. Almeida: On the attrition point, I would characterize the higher attrition as very idiosyncratic, a couple of selective cases of attrition but not anything systematic, either by product or customer type or geography. On the positive side, this strength in the business, as I said earlier, is really across the board. We're seeing good sales production and pricing power and customer upgrades and new sales production in really all of our product areas. So I really can't pinpoint it to any one thing, but it's just better-than-expected performance along a number of dimensions and across a number of businesses. And just to be clear, we're seeing good solid performance and I wouldn't characterize what we're seeing as a dramatic improvement in the business. We expected the business to do well. It's doing a bit better than we expected, and if I say, that's pushing us into double-digit growth, and again it's no one geography or product area that I can really point to.
Operator: Thank you and we'll go next to Jeff Silber from BMO Capital Markets.
Jeffrey Silber: Now that it looks like down in D.C. we're moving away from healthcare reform back to tax reform, I'm just wondering if you're hearing any updates about the potential change in the deductibility of corporate interest expense and what the impact might be on your business?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: I have not heard anything that is in the public discourse about the tax reform expectations, and really there are just a large number of variables and until we see how the different trade-offs are made and interact with each other, it's going to be difficult to predict.
Linda S. Huber: [Tim] [ph], it's Linda. I just also wanted to reiterate, we've said this before but I just want to make sure you have it handy, if it does happen that corporate tax rates move downward, a 1% change in our estimated tax rate is equal to $0.07 to $0.08 of EPS. So, if you want to play around with potential scenarios, you can do it with that guideline.
Jeffrey Silber: Okay, that's helpful. And then actually a couple of numbers questions for you, Linda. What share count is embedded in your guidance for the year and can you give us an update on what your expected interest expense is for the year as well? Thanks so much.
Linda S. Huber: So I'm not going to give you a share count for the year. You can take a look at the share count that we have. We have said that given that we are committed to delevering given the acquisition expense of Bureau Van Dijk, we are reducing the guidance on our share repurchases to approximately $200 million for both 2017 and 2018, and job one for Moody's right now is to delever from the financing cost for Bureau Van Dijk. So you can do some math there, Jeff, and I think you probably could come up with something that looks reasonable. I'm sorry, your second question was?
Jeffrey Silber: Was on interest expense.
Linda S. Huber: Sure. So in thinking about interest expense, we have been running at a rate that we had viewed as pretty normal of sort of $35 million a year rate in 2016. Now this year that rate has kicked up because we did do some issuance of $800 million in the first quarter of the year. And then it's pretty important that everyone understands how we've handled the financing of Bureau Van Dijk. So we announced the deal, you'll recall, on May 15th and at that point we had a bridge loan in place. We replaced that bridge loan on June 12 and we returned that bridge loan with public bonds, a long five-year bond and a long 10-year bond. The blended interest rate on those financings is 2.94%. So we are going to pay with sort of a third a third a third in cash those bond proceeds and also we have commercial paper and a term loan facility if we want to use that. So again, you'll see that the financing impact of all of that for the year is about $29 million or $0.10. So, hopefully that will help you out in terms of thinking about what the additional financing cost will be for the year.
Operator: Thank you, and we'll go next to Joseph Foresi from Cantor Fitzgerald.
Joseph Foresi: I was wondering if you could give us some idea of how conservative you are on the second-half performance of issuance. It sounded like the environment is good, things are picking up. Outside of comps, is there anything else that we should – that you are concerned about and anything kind of holding you back?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Again, as I had mentioned, the pull forward that we saw into the first half of the year creates some uncertainty for the second half. There is still a sizable amount of debt that can be pulled forward and conditions remain good, but whether that will happen or not, I think a lot of the debt that was maturing late in 2017 has already been refinanced, so we'd be looking into the out years to see what might get pulled forward. Rob, did you want to add to that?
Robert Fauber: The only thing I would add kind of touching on that is just kind of the sustainability of this bank loan refinancing cycle that we're in. That's a question mark. Another question mark, just an unforeseen event, market volatility, and I think some potential upside if we see a pickup in public finance, U.S. public finance refunding activity.
Linda S. Huber: Let me maybe jump in here, and for the completeness of the record, I'll get the indications that we're hearing from the issuing banks for the year. On investment grade, year-to-date it's been about $720 billion of investment grade issuance, and for the year now the call is for investment-grade issuance to be down 5% to 10%. Rates have moved a bit higher but [indiscernible] stable, overall condition is very constructive. The first half of 2017 was on pace with record 2016 levels, but generally there may be a slowdown in the second half, as Rob had just talked about. The M&A pipeline is a bit lighter than in the previous two years. So that would be another factor that weighs on our thinking about the back half of the year. In high-yields, $150 billion issuance to date, calling for flat to up 5% in high yields. The markets are resilient despite concerns about stressed retailers and a bit of weakness in the energy sector. Underlying demand has continued to be strong. But again, the same comment that the pipeline is a bit lighter given the lack of M&A and many of the refinancings that were scheduled have already been completed. Lastly, leveraged loans in the U.S., $400 billion to date, that is up 30%, and as Rob had said, we have to think about whether that will continue. Spreads have been tighter, very strong loan refinancing and repricing activity. Also note, $55 billion of CLO formation year-to-date and we'll have to watch the pace of that as well. Heavy loan, mutual fund inflows, and very strong investor demand. So, you might want to take all of that into consideration in thinking about your own views for the back half of the year.
Joseph Foresi: Right, thanks. And then just on Analytics, can you update us on how much of the growth this quarter was maybe related to timing or some pent-up demand or regulatory change? It sounded like you think that the business is just pushing forward maybe to higher growth rate. But I just want to see if any of that took place just given all the political changes here in the U.S.? Thanks.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: No, I don't think we saw that happening in the first half of the year. You're right to observe that some of the regulatory pressure on financial institutions around the world is lightening up, but the demand for what we do is being driven by other interest and other requirements on the part of the banks. But I don't think we saw any pull forward in activity related to regulation in any way.
Operator: Thank you and we'll go next to Peter Appert from Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert: So Linda or Mark, I was hoping you could give us a little bit of commentary on margin trends in the Analytics business. Not to be greedy but I'm wondering why the margin performance isn't a bit better given the strength you're seeing in your higher profit businesses and also the shift in the ERS, why that isn't theoretically showing up in margin performance yet?
Mark E. Almeida: Peter, I think it's because we've always said that in any given quarter, the margin isn't going to be that – isn't going to tell you all that much about the business, and I think this quarter is a very good example of that because we had light revenue in ERS due to the project timing issue. So, we were light on the top line, the expenses were what the expenses were, and we did have some additional expense coming through related to the Bureau Van Dijk transaction. So again, I don't think you can gain an awful lot of information from either the operating margin or the adjusted operating margin in the quarter. I think more generally, we're continuing to make good progress on the work we're doing in ERS to drive higher profitability. We've talked about shifting from a business that has grown a lot through delivering these low margin implementation services. We are deemphasizing that work and putting a lot more emphasis on product sales. That is going well and we'll continue on that path. So, we feel like we're on a good trajectory with that and I think we'll continue to see progress over time. But again, any one quarter might not be consistent with the longer-term trend.
Linda S. Huber: And Peter, I probably should help Mark out here a bit. Mark has been pretty successful, and as we've talked about before, as his business is more successful, it does draw a bit more in terms of corporate allocations. So, that's part of the issue as well.
Peter Appert: Got it. And then Linda, for you, I'm wondering what your thought is on this concept of potentially moving to an adjusted EPS metric in conjunction with the Bureau Van Dijk transaction, where are you on that?
Linda S. Huber: Peter, we're contemplating that. We can't get the cart in front of the horse here because we don't own Bureau Van Dijk yet. So we have to wait until that closing occurs, which as Ray said, we expect to be on schedule in the third quarter. All of that appears to be going fine. At that point, we'll think about that and it's something we're discussing right now, but we'll have more to say about all that on the third quarter call.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Craig Huber from Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: A couple of questions. Your guidance for structured finance for the rest of the year, I'd be curious as to hear what your underlying thoughts are on some of the categories, RMBS, CMBS, the other asset-backed categories, how you see them maybe playing out here in the second half of the year?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: For structured finance, we expect there to be year-over-year growth in the second half. The areas that have been strong, certainly I would point you to the CLO business, and there is still a substantial stock of potential assets to go into CLOs as the loan market has been so robust recently. So that would continue to be a promising area. I'll see if Rob wants to add anything further.
Robert Fauber: Sure, Ray. So ABS, we've experienced the market a little bit of a slowdown after a very active kind of February through May, but I think issuance will be supported in particular by some of these esoteric sectors like solar and handset. In CMBS, kind of a stronger gen, I'd say an active rate of inquiries, the pipe is I'd say slightly stronger than it is this time last year. I'd note that there is some competition from alternative funding sources in the CMBS market, so banks, life co, et cetera. So it remains to be seen how many of these mortgages actually get put into the securitization market. I do think there's some optimism around the CMBS market there that the second half of 2017 will be a bit stronger as I think the view is that the market has generally worked through some of the risk retention [indiscernible]. CLO, as Ray said, in addition to the refi activity, a healthy pipeline, I think we're starting to see some of the SME type deals also come into that pipeline. RMBS, modestly stronger I'd say than this time last year with again a bit of a mix of different type of assets there. In Europe, it looks like a very healthy pipeline there and I think both in CLO, ABS and RMBS.
Craig Huber: And my other main question, you have a comment in your press release where you talk about financial institutions being driven in the quarter by increased issuance from frequent issuer – of infrequent issuers in Europe and Middle East and Africa. Could you just talk about that, what you think it offers for the rest of the year when these banks, seemingly [indiscernible] banks are not taking on a lot more [indiscernible] sit on this balance sheet, [indiscernible] you think?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: I'll take a crack at that. So you're right, we typically have a more relationship-based construct with the banks that tends to lead a very steady revenue growth. We saw this quarter some very robust issuances, as you say, from what are typically infrequent issuers. The growth in all regions, so a few different drivers I think at play. In the U.S., we actually saw an increase in bank loan financing activity in the managed investment sector. So that was a bit new with some infrequent issuer activity in the banking and insurance. In Europe, a continuation of the trend that we saw in the first quarter into the second quarter, which I think we may continue to see throughout the rest of the year where banks are building their bail interval capital or bail interval debt to meet those [indiscernible] requirements. We also saw some opportunistic issuance in places like Sweden and the Middle East. So I think we're going to continue to see financing activity coming out of those Middle Eastern financial institutions. And then lastly in Asia, despite the fact that we had lower [fig] [ph] issuance against the prior-year quarter, that revenue grows again supported by infrequent bank and also non-bank financial issuers in China. And again, I think we will continue to see some of that issuance activity.
Linda S. Huber: And Craig, it's Linda. For completeness, Rob might want to talk a little bit more about what he's seeing in new mandates as well. So if you want to go ahead with that, Rob?
Robert Fauber: Sure. A good story with the first time mandates, healthy leveraged finance markets are very conducive to first time issuers tapping the market. In the second quarter of 2017, we saw over 300 first time mandates. That's up almost 50% from the first quarter and up I think about 70% over 2Q 2016. That growth was in all very strong in all geographies, reflecting again the same comments we had about the leveraged finance markets, positive investor sentiment, tight spreads. In Asia, I would also note a record – reached a record for first time mandates in the second quarter, and I had noted that the EMEA activity was significantly elevated over what we've seen the last couple of years. The only caveat to the Asian first time mandates, a number of those Chinese first time issuers have to get regulatory approval before they can actually issue. So there some of that issuance is still sitting on the sidelines. But overall, we expect to see, I think we could see over 800 first time mandates in 2017, and that's up a bit from the levels we've seen in the last couple of years, which is kind of mid to higher 700s.
Craig Huber: If I could just squeeze one in, Linda, your 30% corporate tax rate guidance for the year, is that adjusted for the various one-time items we've seen in the first half, because it looks like you're tracking below that so far?
Linda S. Huber: Yes, but the year isn't over yet and we have to take into account the various things that are going to happen over the course of the year. Also we did have the CCXI situation which was favorable from a tax perspective. So give us a little bit of time as we get through the rest of the year on the tax rate, but for right now we're comfortable there.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Anjaneya Singh from Credit Suisse.
Anjaneya Singh: I think you guys have touched on this stuff in other answers, but I just wanted to get your thoughts on margins. Clearly a strong quarter in the first half and there's many things contributing to that, but what are your thoughts on the sustainability of these high 40s margins in your guidance as we look ahead, how much of this is just the MIS mix and revenue flow-through that you've talked about versus the discipline and efficiency measures that you're also focused on, just any thoughts there?
Linda S. Huber: Sure. I'll take a start on this and then perhaps Ray might want to add some additional color. Margin is always a happier story for us when we have a strong revenue quarter, because we are pretty thoughtful about our expenses. So if we have a good top line, a lot of that comes down to operating income and helps us on the margin front. For the year, we've guided to approximately 43%. And of course if the revenue line turns out to move more strongly than we think for the back half of the year, there is the potential that we could do better. But given everything that we've set out for the back half of the year, we like this 43% guidance for the rest of the year and we've thought about that pretty considerably. Ray, I don't know if you have anything else you'd like to add.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: No, just I mean I think everyone is aware of this, but obviously if the second half of the year slows in a way that is not expected, our incentive comp accruals would flex in response to that. And so, we do have some ability to course-correct depending on what's happening with the top line.
Anjaneya Singh: Understood, that's helpful. For second question on Analytics, could you just touch on ERS? The product sales growth continues to be super strong. Any updated views on what's sustainable or what the outlook there could be, how long do you think these double-digit rates can continue? And if you could just remind us what's driving the disparity between the U.S. and non-U.S. growth rates in that segment?
Mark E. Almeida: To take the second question first, the distinction between the U.S. and non-U.S. is really a timing phenomenon. The business is – from a sales perspective the business is doing well globally. So it's just what we're seeing on the revenue line, what projects are getting completed and what revenue is getting recognized, is variable by geography, it's not really indicative of anything fundamental about the business itself. So that really – again, I'd just emphasize that the business is performing well inside and outside the U.S. With respect to the strong growth in product sales, that is a function of a couple of things. One, just generally the business is doing well, but also included in that very strong product sales growth on a trailing 12-months basis is the acquired sales from GGY. So you see them coming in and they are additive. So that's having a positive impact on sales growth. But going forward, we would expect product sales to continue to grow at a double-digit rate. I mean that's how we've built the business, that's how we've constructed our product strategy. We see demand to support that and that's how we expect to continue to drive growth in ERS, is through strong sales of product, again as we deemphasize the low margin implementation services business. This has been a big growth driver on the top line in years past but hasn't done much for us on the margin.
Anjaneya Singh: Okay, got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you and we'll go next to Bill Warmington from Wells Fargo.
William Warmington: So you had highlighted strength in the Asian high-yield issuance and I was hoping you could give us some color on the opportunity for you to rate Chinese domestic bonds, how that's progressing?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Sure. Rob probably will want to add to my comments, but we did complete the realignment of our CCXI business in domestic China. So that business is now eligible to rate both parts of the Chinese bond market. So we are looking at opportunities with CCXI and we're also looking at how we may be able to provide research and ratings either from onshore or from offshore from Moody's Investors Service really aimed at the foreign investment community as opposed to the domestic Chinese community, which I think really will continue to be served by CCXI.
William Warmington: Okay. And then one housekeeping item that wasn't clear to me. So BVD is on track to close in Q3. Are you planning to update the 2017 guidance when you close the deal or with Q3 earnings?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: I think we will get the deal closed. We don't know when that will happen yet. We expect it to be in the third quarter, but we don't know specifically when that will happen. And then we're going to have to get organized around what our outlook is once we're able to really get in and work with the Bureau Van Dijk team. So I would expect it to be the third quarter earnings call.
William Warmington: Got it. All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Vincent Hung from Autonomous.
Vincent Hung: Just one question, so can you talk about the mix of frequent issuers in Europe versus U.S., how many more U.S. frequent issuers are there versus Europe?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Europe has a higher percentage of issuers on frequent issuer programs and that's really I would say less a matter of preference in Europe versus the U.S. and more a matter of the relatively larger size of the U.S. speculative grade market which is characterized by infrequent issuers who don't find frequent issuer arrangements as attractive. So, I think that's really the story there.
Operator: And at this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Okay, thank you. Before we end the call, I want to remind everyone that Moody's will be hosting our next Investor Day in late February of 2018 here in New York City. We'll get more information on the Investor Relations Web-site as we get closer to the event. So, thank you everyone for joining today's call and we look forward to speaking with you in the fall.
Operator: And this concludes Moody's second quarter 2017 earnings call. As a reminder, immediately following this call the Company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the Second Quarter 2017 Earnings section of the Moody's IR Homepage. Additionally, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 PM Eastern Time on Moody's IR Web-site. Thank you and have a good day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-05 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Sallilyn Schwartz - Moody's Corp. Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp. Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp. Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.
Analysts: Jeffrey D. Goldstein - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co. Warren Gardiner - Evercore Group LLC Jake Leonard Williams - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research US LP
Operator: Good day, and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded, and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions-and-answers following the presentation. I will now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications. Please go ahead.
Sallilyn Schwartz - Moody's Corp.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's first quarter 2017 results as well as our current outlook for full year 2017. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications. This morning, Moody's released its results for the first quarter of 2017 as well as our current outlook for full year 2017. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Moody's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission's website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Thank you, Salli. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's first quarter 2017 financial results. Linda Huber will follow with additional financial details and operating highlights. I will then conclude with remarks on our current outlook for 2017. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. In the first quarter, Moody's achieved record revenue of $975 million, up 19% from the prior-year period as Moody's Investors Service benefited from very strong issuance levels in the quarter, especially in leveraged finance markets. Moody's Analytics also continued to exhibit steady growth. Operating expense for the first quarter was $532 million, up 4% from the first quarter of 2016. Operating income was $443 million, up 46% from the prior-year period. Adjusted operating income defined as operating income before depreciation and amortization of $476 million was up 42% from the prior-year period. The operating margin was 45.5%, up from 37.3% in the first quarter of 2016. Adjusted operating margin was 48.8%, up from 40.9%. Moody's EPS for the quarter was $1.78 per share, up 91% from the first quarter of 2016. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $1.47, up 58% from GAAP EPS of $0.93 in the first quarter of 2016. First quarter 2017 adjusted EPS excludes the $60 million or $0.31 per share gain from a strategic realignment and expansion involving Moody's China affiliate, CCXI. Including the $0.31 CCXI gain, we now anticipate full year 2017 EPS in the range of $5.46 to $5.61. Excluding the gain, we anticipate full year adjusted EPS to be toward the upper end of the range of $5.15 to $5.30, reflecting the likely impact of some debt issuance pull-forward during the first quarter, while recognizing ongoing macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties. I'll now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Thanks, Ray. I'll begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody's total revenue for the first quarter was $975 million, up 19% from the prior-year period. U.S. revenue of $578 million was up 20%. Non-U.S. revenue of $397 million was up 18% and represented 41% of Moody's total revenue. The impact of foreign currency translation on Moody's revenue was negligible. Recurring revenue of $480 million was up 6% from the prior-year period and represented 49% of total revenue. Looking now at each of our businesses, starting with Moody's Investors Service, total MIS revenue for the quarter was a record $668 million, up 27% from the prior-year period. U.S. revenue increased 26% to $423 million. Non-U.S. revenue of $246 million was up 30% and represented 37% of total MIS revenue. The impact of foreign currency translation on MIS revenue was negligible. Moving to the lines of business for MIS; first, global corporate finance revenue for the first quarter was $353 million, up 47% from the challenging prior-year period. This year's results reflected robust leveraged finance issuance especially of U.S. bank loans. U.S. and non-U.S. corporate finance revenues were up 41% and 61% respectively. Second, structured finance revenue totaled $100 million, up 11% from the prior-year period, primarily as a result of increased U.S. CLO and ABS issuances. U.S. and non-U.S. structured finance revenues were up 8% and 15% respectively. Third, financial institutions revenue of $112 million is up 18% from the prior-year period. This result was driven primarily by an increase in issuance from infrequent issuers. U.S. and non-U.S. financial institutions revenue were up 26% and 13% respectively. Fourth, public, project and infrastructure finance revenue of $98 million was up 7% from the prior-year period, primarily driven by an increase in global infrastructure issuance partially offset by a decline in U.S. public finance issuance. U.S. and non-U.S. public, project and infrastructure finance revenues were up 3% and 15% respectively. Finally, MIS Other, which consists of non-ratings revenue from ICRA in India and Korea Investors Service, contributed $5 million to MIS revenue for the first quarter, down 38% from the prior-year period. This decline is attributable to the divestiture of a non-core subsidiary of ICRA in late 2016. And turning now to Moody's Analytics, global revenue for MA of $307 million was up 5% from the first quarter of 2016. U.S. revenue of $155 million was up 8%. Non-U.S. revenue of $152 million was up 3% and represented 49% of total MA revenue. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted MA revenue by 1%. On a constant currency organic basis MA revenue grew 4% in the first quarter. And moving now to the lines of business for MA; first, global research, data and analytics, or RD&A, revenue of $175 million was up 6% from the prior-year period, and represented 57% of total MA revenue. Growth was mainly driven by credit research and ratings data feeds. U.S. and non-U.S. RD&A revenues were up 5% and 8%, respectively. Second, global enterprise risk solution, or ERS, revenue of $96 million was up 7% from last year due to the March 2016 acquisition of GGY. U.S. and non-U.S. ERS revenues were up 14% and 3%, respectively. Trailing 12 months revenue and sales for ERS increased 10% and 16%, respectively primarily due to the 2016 acquisition of GGY. As we continue to make progress on shifting the mix of the ERS business to emphasize higher margin products, product sales were up 25%, while service sales declined 8% with about half of the growth in product sales attributable to last year's acquisition of GGY. Third, global professional services revenue of $36 million was down 2% from the prior period. U.S. professional services revenue was up 9%, while non-U.S. revenue was down 8%. Turning now to operating expenses, Moody's first quarter operating expense was $532 million, up 4% from 2016. The increase in the operating expense was primarily attributable to higher accruals for incentive compensation, and the March 2016 acquisition of GGY. This increase was partially offset by a favorable foreign currency translation impact of 1% and the impact of ongoing cost management initiative. As Ray mentioned, Moody's operating margin was 45.5%, up 820 basis points from 37.3% in the first quarter of 2016. Adjusted operating margin was 48.8%, up 790 basis points from 40.9%. Now, I'll provide an update on capital allocation. During first quarter of 2017, Moody's repurchased approximately 0.5 million shares at a total cost of $55 million or an average cost of $112.24 per share. Moody's also issued 1.5 million shares as part of its annual employee stock-based compensation plan. Moody's returned $73 million to its shareholders via dividend payments during the first quarter of 2017. And on April 25, the Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.38 per share of Moody's common stock. This dividend will be payable on June 12, 2017, to stockholders of record at the close of business on May 22, 2017. Outstanding shares as of March 31, 2017, totaled 191.3 million, down 2% from a year ago. As of March 31, 2017, Moody's had approximately $700 million of share repurchase authority remaining. On February 27 of this year, Moody's issued $800 million of notes, consisting of $500 million in 2.75% senior unsecured notes due in 2021 and $300 million in floating rate senior unsecured notes due in 2018. Also in the first quarter, the company repaid its outstanding $300 million in Series 2007-1 Notes along with an associated prepayment penalty of approximately $7 million. At quarter-end, Moody's had $4.1 billion of outstanding debt and approximately $800 million of additional borrowing capacity under its commercial paper program, which is backstopped by an undrawn $1 billion revolving credit facility. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at quarter-end were $2.3 billion with approximately 83% held outside the U.S. Cash flow from operations for the first three months of 2017 was negative $512 million, a decline from a positive $254 million in the first quarter of 2016. Free cash flow for the first three months of 2017 was negative $531 million, a decline from a positive $227 million in the prior-year period. The declines in cash flow from operations and free cash flow were due to $864 million of payments the company made pursuant to its 2016 settlement with the Department of Justice and various states attorneys general. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Ray.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Thanks, Linda. I'll conclude this morning's prepared remarks by discussing the changes to our full year guidance for 2017. A complete list of Moody's guidance is included in Table 11 of our first quarter 2017 earnings press release, which can be found on the Moody's Investor Relations website at ir.moodys.com. Moody's outlook for 2017 is based on assumptions about many geopolitical conditions and macroeconomic and capital markets factors, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions, consumer borrowing and securitization and the amount of debt issued. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our outlook assumes foreign currency translation at end-of-quarter exchange rates. Specifically, our forecast reflects exchange rates for the British pound of $1.25 to £1 and for the euro of $1.07 to €1. As I noted earlier, Moody's now expects full year 2017 EPS to be $5.46 to $5.61 which includes the $0.31 per share CCXI gain. Excluding the gain, full year 2017 adjusted EPS is expected to be toward the upper end of the range of $5.15 to $5.30. Both ranges include an estimated $0.15 per share benefit due to the adoption of accounting standard update ASU 2016-09, Improvements To Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, $0.10 of which was realized in the first quarter. Operating expense is still expected to decrease in the 25% to 30% range. Adjusted operating expense which excludes the 2016 settlement charge and a restructuring charge associated with cost management initiatives is now expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. The effective tax rate is now expected to be approximately 30% due to the impact of the non-taxable CCXI gain. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining Linda and me for the question-and-answer session are Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics, and Rob Fauber, President of Moody's Investors Service. We'll be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Our first question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.
Jeffrey D. Goldstein - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, this is actually Jeff Goldstein on for Toni. Thanks for taking my questions. Can you just talk a little bit more about your expectations for the rest of the year? Obviously, it was an extremely strong quarter driven by ratings, but by increasing your EPS guidance to only the high-end of the previous range, and hearing some of your comments about pull-forward and macro risk. You obviously have some reservations about the remainder of the year. So, really just overall, can you talk a little bit more about the puts and takes that go into your guidance raise, and what do you think needs to happen for you to exceed the range?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Well, you can see from our updated guidance that we did not fully roll-through the very strong first quarter into the remainder of the year. We think it's going to provide a benefit and that's why we're guiding to the upper end of the range. But we're also cognizant of the fact that refinancing continues to be a very heavy driver of issuance and that characterized the first quarter in the corporate sector in particular. So, looking out for the remainder of the year, we think some activity that we initially had anticipated would go later in the year, did get pulled-forward into the first quarter. And if you're looking for upside to our current guidance, I think you'd be looking to more new money borrowing and we can certainly make a case for that with a strong economy. And I hope that's what happens, but that's what's guiding our outlook at a high level currently.
Jeffrey D. Goldstein - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then, just with ratings having such a strong quarter, I'm assuming there was a less of the impact to the Moody's Analytics margin from increased overhead. So, can you just talk about if that 80 basis points of expansion we saw in the quarter at Moody's Analytics, is representative of core margin expansion and if not what the core expansion would have looked like there?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: I'll let Mark Almeida answer this in a little more detail, but we do anticipate ongoing expansion margin at Moody's Analytics, but we do not expect that line to be completely smooth. Mark, do you want to comment?
Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp: Sure. First, to your question about overhead allocation, the way we allocate corporate overhead to the business lines, I don't think it's as dynamic as what your question suggested. The share of overhead allocation is fixed, so it doesn't change from quarter-to-quarter. So, in other words, what you saw in Q1 was indeed core expansion in the Moody's Analytics margin. And I think as Ray said, what we're seeing there is exactly what we've been talking about for some time that as the enterprise risk solutions business matures, as the product offering matures, and we shift from being engaged in doing a lot of the spoke work for customers to doing more standard product delivery. We would expect to see more margin coming out of that business and I think that's what you see going on here. As Ray said, that's not going to be a straight line, but we do expect continued gradual improvement in the Moody's Analytics margin as a result of that.
Jeffrey D. Goldstein - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald. Go ahead.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hi, I was wondering if you could talk about what's built into issuance for the second half? What are your expectations for growth there? And maybe if you can compare your second half assumptions with the first half, just so we can get an idea of cadence.
Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp: Well, last year, we had a strong second half after a weak first half. We don't expect that second half of this year is going to be weak, but we do anticipate that we're going to have a stronger first half than second. That being said, the full year outlook in terms of issuance: for investment grade, it's flat to down by perhaps 10%; for high yield, it's flat to up about 5%; and for leveraged loans up 5% to 10%. Those aren't big changes from where we were when we spoke to you in February, but it's a little less optimistic on the investment grade side and more optimistic on the leveraged loan side.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay, and then, could I get your thoughts on some of the political events we have going on here. Obviously, we talked about the Trump administration and some of the tax changes and potential tax changes and then you also have some upcoming elections in Europe. Maybe you could talk about the impact on your business and what your thoughts are in relations to issuance. Thanks.
Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp: Sure. I'll take the second part first and then maybe Linda would like to comment on the tax situation here in the U.S. But yes, we have been cautious in our outlook for the second half of the year, actually beginning in the second quarter in the European context of elections for France, UK, Germany, Italy. And so, the more those outcomes turn out to be expected outcomes, the more confidence the market is going to have and we would probably expect to see more economic momentum and hopefully more debt activity, but there is going to be a level of anxiety around each of these elections throughout the year and they are spaced out throughout the year So, I imagine, we're going to be having periods of relative optimism and then periods where market participants pull back, awaiting the outcome of these various elections.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Joe, just wanted to be clear that this guidance does not incorporate any of the Trump tax proposals, because as you know such proposals have a long way to go before they're enacted as legislation. Just as a way to think about what potentially could happen, of course a lowering of the corporate tax rate would be helpful for Moody's, you can take a look at that by thinking about 1 percentage point drop in our estimated tax rate, would give us $0.07 to $0.08 on the EPS line. We did note that the latest proposal did not mention interest deductibility limitation, nor did it mention a border tax adjustment, and we would not expect that the deemed repatriation tax would have a meaningful impact on issuance, because offshore cash is held very closely by a small number of companies. So, generally the majority of scenarios that have been discussed would be net positive for Moody's, of course the details would matter quite a bit. And that's the basis of what we know at this time, but again none of these proposals are baked into anything we're saying today.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Thank you.
Operator: And, we'll take our next question from Alex Kramm from UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. Hey, good morning. Just wanted to come back to the early retirement of debt with the pull-forward comments, Ray you made earlier. Just wondering if you can flush it out a little bit more, I guess what are you hearing when you're talking to corporates or to banks, I mean is this just a typical, we think rates are moving higher, let's go now, is this, hey, let's get ahead of tax policy changes, because some banks are telling us it's a wise thing to do now and how does that impact the longer-term outlook for refinancing, just what are you hearing I guess is my question at the end of the day.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: I think it's each of the items you identified and right now, rates and spreads are very attractive. So, it is a good opportunity for issuers to be in the market, whether it's refinancing or new money or upping their outstanding debt. These are attractive conditions and looking ahead to potential interest rate increases going forward. And again some of the uncertainty that comes with the geopolitical situation and the elections in Europe. Yeah, we do think issuers are taking advantage and we're certainly not anticipating a weak second half of the year, as I said earlier, but the kind of growth we've seen early in this year, we just don't think is going to be sustained.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. Alex, it's Linda, I think we should also point out that again for us last year, we had the reverse pattern where the second half of the year was much stronger so the comps become more difficult for us. Just to kind of go through the views we're hearing from various investment banks, and again, these are not Moody's views, the first quarter was a record issuance for investment grade and that reflects low market volatility, attractive rates and tight spreads, as Ray said, $450 billion of issuance through the end of April. And once we get through the blackouts, we expect issuance to pick up in May. Last week, it was $40 billion in issuance which is pretty strong, this week's calling for $30 billion to $35 billion, and with the tenure at 2-3-6, that remains a pretty attractive set of issuance conditions for investors. We do expect as is being noted this morning about 94% probability that the Fed will do a rate hike in June. Thus far, that has seemed to mostly flatten yield curve. For high yield bonds, it's been a bit of a mixed condition, it's $100 billion so far this year. The pipeline is light-ish due to the factors that Ray had commented on. That's contracted with leverage loans, which has been $300 billion of issuance to date this year. The activity is moving to the leveraged loan market. We saw a record start to 2017, but this is important, Alex. 75% of that volume is from refinancing and re-pricing. CLO issuance has also been robust, $25 billion year-to-date and the pipeline is strong in these areas and we look to that for increased activity. In Europe, things are quite positive. The euro and sterling markets are resilient, conditions are constructive, spreads at all-time lows, rates historically low, but the busy political calendar offsets that potentially and we will see some choppiness. On spec rate in Europe, strong leveraged financing activity, leveraged loan activity reached a post financial crisis high in Q1. High yield bond spreads in Europe at a 10-year low and of course as we mentioned, the macro conditions again may cause choppiness in the speculative grade market as well, but generally, pretty good conditions and we'll have to see what happens, but if you want to finance, the market remains quite attractive.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Very true. Thank you. And then just secondly, maybe a little bit more longer term, but a couple of months ago at a conference, you changed one of the slides in your typical presentation deck a little bit. I think you had this long-term slide that you used a lot in terms of the algorithm of the long-term growth and you changed that, I think to some degree, kind of took away with some of the boxes that you have to have and you also reduced the longer-term growth rate. You may have addressed this already at the conferences, but can you just kind of like talk about what this change was all about, like how you're thinking about the long-term algorithm the company may have changed or if this is more of a, the next few years are different? So just flesh out why the long-term change there was. Thank you.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Sure. First of all, I think it's important to underline that there is no change in our outlook for the revenue areas that we have under our control. This is pricing Moody's Analytics in the sense that it's a non-capital markets component of our business. Coverage, new mandates, all of that remains consistent with the views that we've had in recent years. The new slide and the discussion that we've had around that reflects our view that we're looking at protracted lower GDP growth, especially in developed economies. For 2017, the MIS GDP forecasts for the G20 are about 3%, but importantly, the U.S. is at 2.4% and the euro area at 1.3%. And between the U.S. and the euro area we were looking at 85% of our revenue. So, we're taking that into account in terms of the pace at which debt markets are going to be expanding given this low-ish or some period of time outlook on GDP. In that kind of environment, we're going to continue a strong focus on managing costs and our capital allocation.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: All right. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim McHugh with William Blair & Co. Please go ahead.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you. Just want to ask about the gain in China and the adjustment to the investment there. Can you elaborate what that was and what that means kind of going forward?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah, sure Tim. What we did was our joint venture, CCXI, issued additional shares in order to merge with another rating agency in China. And that merger reduced our holding in the combined company from 49% to 30%. We didn't sell any. We didn't sell down. But we have a smaller piece of a larger company. Strategically the reason we did this was by combining these two rating agencies, we now own licenses through our joint venture to compete in all areas of the domestic Chinese market, both what's called the interbank market which is large and somewhat slower growing, and the exchange traded market, which is smaller but faster growing. So that the fact that we are now able to provide rating and research services through our joint venture in all areas of the Chinese capital market, we think is strategically very important. And we had the revaluation of our original 2006 investment in the joint venture as a part of this process and that's what led to the gain.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah, Tim, it's Linda. Let me just also explain the tax effect of this, because we got a lot of questions about this. Our tax rate guidance has come down. The effective tax rate for 2017, the guidance now is approximately 30% and that was reduced from the prior guidance of 31% to 32% and that's due to the impact of the non-taxable CCXI gain. That change is a GAAP guidance item, but again because that was not taxable, the overall ETR for the year comes down. If you wanted to strip that out, the tax guidance would be back to the 31%, 32% where it was, but this is a permanent change downward for this year.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And just to follow up, is this I guess change in China, as an interval of it, there's also been some news I guess about perhaps opening up the market there. I guess, is this a sign at all about your view of interest in taking a bigger role or a bigger stake there or is it more just an opportunity and I guess locally that was a decision for the joint venture to take?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. Well, there is the opening of the Chinese market and then, there are the activities that we are either currently carrying out or will be in a position to carry out between the joint venture and MIS. I already described the joint venture side of this. And so, I'll ask Rob if he wouldn't mind commenting on MIS and where we stand in the Chinese market cross border and then potentially looking into the future.
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Right. As Ray said, we have a growing presence with our cross-border business in MIS in China, offices in Beijing and Shanghai. And I think, what you're referring to in China is the State Council of China announced that the foreign investment restriction in domestic CRA industry would be lifted. So I think that change may allow us more freedom, both in how we can invest in the CCXI, the expanded CCXI enterprise as well as how we can potentially better address the domestic market through MIS.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. And I would just add that we've continued to see very good growth in new rating mandates from Chinese institutions active in the cross-border markets. So, that has been a good news story and it continues to be.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question with Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you. Linda, I guess just a point of clarification, your tax rate comment just so I'm clear on this, the 31% to 32% is exclude the gains for the full year?
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Yes. But it is a GAAP change, this event for CCXI is non-taxable per GAAP, so it is a GAAP adjustment to take the tax rate down to 30% going forward. So, that change is good and that's our guidance for the full year.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: But again, taking out that gain will be 31% to 32% you're saying.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Correct.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then my real first question, I'm sorry, that this is – you guys talked about some pull-forward into the first quarter here in the corporate finance area, I guess the transaction revenue is up 72% or so. How much of that would you ballpark came from pull-forward, was it roughly half and what would you sort of ballpark?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: It's difficult to be precise with that Craig, just because there is quite a bit of noise in the mentions for why capital is being raised. We can look at mentions from issuers around capital expenditure versus share repurchase versus refinancing. And we can see that the large majority of references are for refinancing. But how that money actually gets used and what portion of it is put to work in other ways is difficult for us to see with a lot of certainty.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: And then, if I could just quickly ask, roughly $1.75 billion of cash you have overseas, Linda, if you get a chance to take that home for repatriation, how much of that could you actually take home. I know you have to leave some portion in each country that you operate you in, I believe, and if you did bring it home, what would you use it for, share buyback?
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Craig, we don't disclose that, but you are directionally correct that a certain amount of that needs to remain in the statutory entities that we have in Europe. So, we couldn't return it dollar-for-dollar. I think it would be fair to say that the strong majority we could bring back. We obviously would be able to respond very quickly if such a change does become law, but right now, it's not. And if we did make a decision like that, the use of those – that return of cash would be subject to the usual decision-making process that we do, regarding our capital allocation. So at this point, we haven't taken the plans that far, we do know, what we would do if there is a change, but to this point such a change is still going to be some amount of time away, if it does materialize at all.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you. Linda, if I could just ask you to first give us the updated expense ramp that you typically do?
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Sure, Manav. As of now, the new first quarter to the fourth quarter expense ramp is $30 million to $40 million. Previously, we had said $20 million to $25 million, but we've had an uptick because of better, actually higher incentive compensation in the first quarter and a little bit later spending on some of our IT projects, so again $30 million to $40 million from the first quarter to the fourth quarter.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then, sort of bigger picture question, after lowering – well, I guess, forget about the long-term guidance necessarily, but I guess the focus on most of that conversation is still on the ratings business more than you guys would like to probably. But just in context of the opportunities, there are some interesting assets in the financial umbrella that might be out there, up for sale and so forth, just your thoughts on diversification or are you happy with the portfolio where it is or how we should think of that longer term?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Well, first of all, we do like to talk about the rating agency, so that's okay. But with respect to our satisfaction with the portfolio, yes, we are very satisfied. We've made what we think are some very nice strategic acquisitions that have been performing well in Moody's Analytics. We would continue to look for other opportunities similar to what we've done in the past, but we remain disciplined about how we think about bringing assets on board and about M&A generally.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, that's good. Thanks guys.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you so much. Looking at the margin expansion in the MIS business, some of the reasons for that, the large increase in transaction related revenue relative to subscription base?
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Jeff, it's Linda. We have always talked about one of the great features about Moody's as an investment is if we get some progress on the top line, we have a lot of operating leverage and we were able to really demonstrate that this quarter with some pretty impressive increases in the margin for the quarter. Now the best outcome for us as Rob Fauber will talk about in a minute is probably if we see that revenue increase come through, the corporate's line where we have teams obviously covering all of these issuers and that allows for a very effective bring down in terms of margin expansion. But I will turn it over to Rob for a little bit more color.
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah, I think that's right Linda. I think we probably have the most operating leverage in the U.S. corporate finance space. Over time as we see significant increases in issuance volume, we will have to act faster to be able to keep up with the demand and monitor the new relationships. But I think in general it's right.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, great. And I'm sorry to go back and ask a tax question. But I know you are not giving guidance for 2018, but for modeling purposes, should we go back to that 31%, 32% rate for next year?
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Jeff, we probably will deal with that in February of next year. Given all the exciting tax proposals on the table right now, we think we are going to take the better part of valor here and not comment on what the rate should be for next year, because there are lot of proposals floating around and none of them have made their way to law yet. So, go ahead and model whatever you'd like, but it's hard to know right now.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): But assuming would we kind of stay ceteris paribus, 31% to 32% would make sense?
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: I'm not going to confirm that, let's take a look next year. It depends on a whole lot of things including one-off audits that we have to look at and various other things, the mix of our business between the U.S. and offshore is a very heavy driver of that tax rate. And there's some indications that the headline tax rate in the UK comes down, but yet they are limiting interest deductibility. So there is a lot that goes into that number and it could change if any one of those situations change. So, on this one, we're just going to let you do whatever you'd like there.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. I appreciate that. Thanks so much.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Sure.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thanks. So, Linda, the preliminary question is can you quantify please the bonus accruals for the first quarter and then a follow-up related to how you answer that.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Yes. Sure, Peter. So, the incentive comp accrual in the first quarter went up pretty considerably from last year, last year in incentive comp, we did $32.2 million, this year we did $52 million. Now, that includes two components and it's important to understand that. And of that change, which is about $20 million, $15 million of it is the over-performance that we put up in the first quarter. The other five relates to normal increases that we do with target bonuses year-over-year. So, the out-performance is really the $15 million piece of that Peter. And if you want to look at the modeling for the rest of the year, you might want to look at $40 million to $45 million number for each of the remaining quarters, but the one thing I could you promise you is that we'll get that wrong because it depends on the performance quarter-by-quarter, but we did have very good performance in the first quarter, so we put up the heftier number based on the percentage of completion of our budget for the year.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. Okay. So, the follow-up then is that ex that increase your costs were basically flat year-to-year in the quarter, which is pretty extraordinary. So, I guess this is cheating, but there are two sub questions to this. Number one, why not even a bigger accrual for the bonus in the first quarter given just the extraordinary strength in issuance? And two, why cost is flat for the first quarter?
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Sure. I'll tackle the second one first and yeah, thank you very much for noting. We've been working very hard on keeping our expense growth limited. Now some of you may have noticed, we went from low single-digits to mid single-digits and that's just because we were at the very cusp of this line, so we've bumped just lightly from the highest end of low single-digits to the lowest end of mid single-digits, if you could follow that, it really doesn't amount to very much. The expense growth that we had, Peter, you're right, comes primarily from this higher incentive comp and the costs from the GGY acquisition which we're about to lap. So, we've been pretty happy with that. We've worked very hard to keep tight control on hiring. If you looked at the head count for the corporation year-over-year, we're actually down 1% first quarter this year versus last year. A lot of that is that we've reduced head count slightly in shared services. Rob has kept a very good handle on the rating agency's head count, and Mark's business where we've had very good growth has had a little increase. But we're also very careful where we put the people and we're looking at lower cost jurisdictions, where a number of them have gone for shared services. So pretty happy with all of that. We continue to maintain our discipline, even through we've had this very strong first quarter. And the incentive comp accrual is based on where we think we're going to be for the year and that percentage of completion, so it's sort of a formulaic thing. If we had taken up our guidance, Peter, that would have been a different case and we would have had to move more aggressively on incentive comp in the first quarter. As you know, we've moved to the upper end of our guidance range. So we went with the $15 million. So hope that gets you everything you need.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Yes. Thank you.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Sure.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Warren Gardiner from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Warren Gardiner - Evercore Group LLC: Great. Thanks. Just a question on the slide on the investment bank issue. Do those reflect or I guess, do your internal forecasts differ significantly from any of those? And then, I guess I'm trying to understand why the downward or sort of slight downward adjustment for high-yield investment grade, just for the full year versus what was spoken about last quarter, because I guess I just kind of struggle with it. It's been pulled forward and conditions remain pretty favorable. Why sort of soften those for the full year?
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Sure. Warren, these views that Ray and I quoted from are summation of a number of banks. Sometimes they match up with our internal view and sometimes they don't. I think that there are a couple of things going on there. There is some pull forward as you had mentioned, but also in a period where rates may move up, the focus tends to move toward the leveraged loan market which is more of a floating rate market. So I think that's the main reason why high-yield may have softened a bit, because you're seeing a substitution effect over into the leveraged lending side. I will stop here and see if Rob has anything else he wants to add about what's going there.
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: The only thing I would add to that Linda is, the funds flows in high-yield have been a bit choppy for the year, year-to-date down about $6 billion in outflows. We have seen some stronger inflows in mid-April, but we're still down as opposed to what Linda was talking about. Year-to-date inflows in leveraged loans about $12.5 billion of inflows through mid-April, and that's double what we saw in full-year 2016.
Warren Gardiner - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Got it. And then, I guess, any thoughts on the structured product pipeline from here? Sorry, if I missed any comment on that earlier.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. Sure. Rob?
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. I'll touch on maybe a couple of the asset classes. I'm going to focus mostly on the U.S., it's obviously our largest market. In ABS the issuance momentum picked up throughout the quarter, and that was after a slowdown that we had seen in the back half of the fourth quarter, and that's been led by an uptick in autos and cars primarily. Spreads there have flattened and are at multi-year lows, so conditions, issuance conditions good there. We'd expect the activity to moderate a little bit from a very strong March, and we are continuing to see some interest in the esoteric space, renewable energy, those kinds of things. CMBS, spreads are still at very favorable levels. We are nearing the apex of the CMBS refinancing on maturity of loans that originated just pre-crisis in 2006 and 2007. I think everybody is familiar that the activity in CMBS suffered at the beginning of this year, as we saw a pull-forward into the fourth quarter, as folks were trying to get ahead of the risk retention implementation deadlines. We have seen that strengthen a bit in March. I think we'd expect to see that pick up again in the second half of this year. And I would just note that there are a lot of single borrower deals where there's competition to fund by banks and insurance companies. So, we'll see how that plays out. In CLOs, similarly to the strength in the leveraged loan market, spreads there continue to tighten, again at multi-year lows. We've seen very heavy refinancing activity. That continued all the way into April. I would think that will slow down a bit, probably pick back up again sometime in the third quarter and we are seeing some new CLO issuance in the pipeline. So, it's not just going to be weighted towards all of that refi activity.
Warren Gardiner - Evercore Group LLC: Great. Thank you. That was very helpful.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bill Warmington from Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Jake Leonard Williams - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hello, everyone. This is Jake on for Bill.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Hi, Jake.
Jake Leonard Williams - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Just wanted to ask how the new issuer mandates are trending in 2017 versus previous years?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah, Rob.
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. With strength in the leveraged finance markets, we typically see strength in first time issuers. That's where a lot of the first time issuer mandates come from. Those were up very nicely in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter of 2016, over 200 new mandates and up very strongly from the first quarter of 2016 when as you remember we had very weak leveraged finance issuance. I would think that may moderate a little bit, but you've heard our comments and outlook for high yield and bank loan, but we think we'll still be in line with our first time mandate count for the last several years.
Jake Leonard Williams - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Patrick O'Shaughnessy from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, or I guess good afternoon for you. So in enterprise risk solutions, you saw a really nice acceleration of your trailing 12-months sales growth from 4% in the December quarter to 16% in the March quarter. I think, part of maybe, that you had some easier comps, but can you talk a little bit more about what was driving that increased sales growth?
Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp: Yeah. It's Mark here. What we had – what you're seeing there, a lot of that is coming out of the GGY acquisition. They have a very large amount of their renewable business that is – that closes in January and this was the first January that we own that business. So that got rolled into the trailing 12-months sales figure for ERS. So, that's the big driver there. But even if you take the GGY piece out, we still had pretty solid growth in trailing 12-month sales in ERS. So we feel good about what's going on there.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. And then quick follow-up. With CCXI, do you guys have an option to take your ownership back up 49% at some point?
Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp: No, we do not have an option to take it up to 49%. But we are in a joint venture with individuals, who – and institutions who may seek to sell some of their interest in the future. And to the extent that we are satisfied with the performance as we have been over the last decade, we're a potential buyer.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Vincent Hung with Autonomous. Please go ahead.
Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research US LP: Hi. Can you talk about how your share of leveraged loan rates has trended, because I simply said they are raising a higher share of loans this quarter?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah, Rob.
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. We have a pretty comprehensive coverage in the bank loan market, but I would say that it further improved in Europe in the first quarter.
Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research US LP: Okay. And my follow-up is, can you talk about any of the work that you are doing on technology and the rating agencies to drive any sort of improvements in ratings analyst productivity, because I guess a lot of the pain points for a lot of ratings analyst is the maintenance work?
Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp: Yeah. I'll let Rob comment on this, but as we've talked about before, we have been in the process of a really pretty comprehensive transformation of how we do business in MIS and our processes, and really there is a important technology component, but there is also just some process reengineering that is nontechnology related. And this really comes from the fact that a lot of the responsibilities and obligations on analysts have changed post financial crisis and with regulation, and we have to align our business in a way that responds to those both effectively and efficiently and that's what this process is about. So, Rob, I don't know if you wanted to add anything to that, but...
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. Maybe a little bit more color, we're modernizing both our analytic and data platforms, we're putting in place a workflow platform for the analysts that will I think automate much of kind of what you're touching on in terms of all of that credit administration and rating workflow. We're going to get some benefits of that, we'll get some efficiency, we'll get the right task done in the right place, and we believe that will also allow all the analysts to spend more time focused on the credit portfolio and engaging with the market issuers and investors.
Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research US LP: Thanks.
Operator: And it appears there are no further question at this time. Mr. Ray McDaniel, I'd like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Okay. Thank you very much. And just before we end the call, I wanted to mention that Moody's will be hosting its next Investor Day in late February or early March 2018 here in New York City. I know this is an early announcement and we don't have a specific date yet, but I wanted to give everyone a sense of what we're aiming for there. More information will be available on the Investor Relations website as we get closer to the date. So, thank you all for joining the call today and we look forward to speaking with you again in the summer.
Operator: This concludes Moody's first quarter 2017 earnings call. As a reminder, immediately following this call, the company will post the MIS revenue breakdown under the first quarter 2017 earnings section of the Moody's IR homepage. Additionally, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 P.M. Eastern Time on Moody's IR website. Thank you.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-17 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Sallilyn Schwartz - Moody's Corp. Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp. Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp. Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp. Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp
Analysts: Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Warren Gardiner - Evercore Group LLC Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs & Co. Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co. Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC Henry Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Please standby. We're about to begin. Good day and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year-End 2016 Earnings Call. At this time, I'd like to inform you that this conference is being recorded, and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open up the conference for question-and-answers following the presentation. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications. Please go ahead.
Sallilyn Schwartz - Moody's Corp.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's fourth quarter and full year 2016 results as well as our outlook for full year 2017. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications. This morning, Moody's released its results for the fourth quarter and full year 2016 as well as our outlook for full year 2017. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Moody's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will be presenting non-GAAP or adjusted figures. To view the nearest equivalent GAAP figures and the GAAP reconciliation, please refer to our earnings release that was filed this morning. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission's website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Thank you, Salli. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's fourth quarter and full year 2016 financial results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. And I will then conclude with comments on our outlook for 2017. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. In the fourth quarter, Moody's revenue of $942 million increased 9%, primarily as a result of higher issuance in global leveraged finance, U.S. CLOs and U.S. public and project finance, as well as continued strength from Moody's Analytics. Many of Moody's other fourth quarter and full year 2016 financial measures were impacted by the company's January 2017 agreement reached with the U.S. Department of Justice, 21 U.S. states, and the District of Columbia to resolve pending and potential civil claims related to credit ratings assigned during the financial crisis era. The agreement, while costly at $864 million, removed legacy legal risk as well as future costs and uncertainty. As such, we felt that putting these claims behind the company was in the best interest of Moody's, our employees and our shareholders. Fourth quarter adjusted operating expense, which excludes the $864 million settlement charge, was $551 million, up 3% from the fourth quarter of 2015. Fourth quarter adjusted operating income, which excludes the settlement charge as well as depreciation and amortization, was $424 million, up 17% from the same period last year. The adjusted operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2016 was 45%, up 320 basis points from 41.8% in the fourth quarter of 2015. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $1.23, up 13% from $1.09 in the fourth quarter of 2015. Fourth quarter 2016 adjusted EPS excludes a $3.63 loss from the settlement charge and an $0.18 gain from a non-cash foreign exchange benefit related to a subsidiary liquidation. Turning to full year performance, against volatile market conditions, Moody's achieved 2016 revenue of $3.6 billion, up 3% from 2015. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted Moody's revenue by 1%. Moody's Investors Service record second half revenue overcame a very challenging first quarter, allowing MIS to record a 2% revenue increase to $2.4 billion. The impact of foreign currency on MIS revenue was negligible. Moody's Analytics revenue surpassed $1.2 billion in 2016, a 7% increase over the prior year. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted MA revenue by 3%. Adjusted operating expense, which excludes the settlement charge and a $12 million restructuring charge, was $2.1 billion, up 4% from the prior year. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted expense by 2%. Adjusted operating income, which excludes the settlement and restructuring charges as well as depreciation and amortization, was $1.6 billion, up 3% from 2015. Moody's adjusted operating margin for 2016 was 45.5%, consistent with the prior year. Recognizing ongoing uncertain macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, our 2017 outlook is for mid-single-digit-percent revenue growth and EPS of $5.15 to $5.30, which includes an estimated $0.15 benefit from an accounting change related to equity compensation. I'll now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Thanks, Ray. I'll begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody's total revenue for the fourth quarter was $942 million, up 9% from the prior-year period. U.S. revenue of $534 million was up 11%. Non-U.S. revenue of $408 million was up 6% and represented 43% of Moody's total revenue. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted Moody's revenue by 2%. Recurring revenue of $472 million was approximately flat to the prior year and represented 50% of total revenue. Looking now at each of our businesses, starting with Moody's Investors Service, total MIS revenue for the quarter was $608 million, up 12% from the prior-year period. U.S. revenue increased 11% to $376 million. Non-U.S. revenue of $232 million was up 13% and represented 38% of total Ratings revenue. The impact of foreign currency translation on MIS revenue was negligible. Moving to the lines of business for MIS; first, global corporate finance revenue for the fourth quarter was $278 million, up 13% from the prior period. This result reflected increased levels of U.S. and European rated bank loan issuance as well as higher global speculative grade bond rating revenue. U.S. and non-U.S. corporate finance revenues were up 6% and 28%, respectively. Second, global structured finance revenue for the fourth quarter was $131 million, up 14% from the prior-year period. This result reflected increased deal activity in U.S. CLOs and CMBS and in European RMBS and CLOs. U.S. and non-U.S. structured finance revenues were up 18% and 7%, respectively. Third, global financial institutions revenue of $89 million was down 4% from the prior-year period, primarily as a result of reduced European banking issuance. U.S. financial institutions revenue was up 4%, while non-U.S. revenue was down 8%. Fourth, global public, project and infrastructure finance revenue of $103 million was up 21% versus the prior-year period, primarily driven by strong non-U.S. infrastructure and U.S. public finance issuance. U.S. and non-U.S. public, project and infrastructure finance revenues were each up 21%. MIS Other, which consists of non-rating revenue from ICRA in India and Korea Investors Service, contributed $8 million to MIS revenue for the fourth quarter, up 10% from the prior-year period. And turning now to Moody's Analytics, global revenue for MA of $334 million was up 4% from the fourth quarter of 2015. U.S. revenue of $158 million was up 11%. Non-U.S. revenue of $176 million was down 1% and represented 53% of total MA revenue. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted MA revenue by 4%. On a constant currency organic basis, MA revenue grew 5% in the fourth quarter. And moving now to the lines of business for MA; first, global research, data and analytics, or RD&A, revenue of $167 million was up 3% from the prior-year period and represented 50% of total MA revenue. Growth was mainly driven by new sales and contract upgrades for credit research and ratings data feeds. U.S. RD&A revenue was up 7%, while non-U.S. revenue was down 1%. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted RD&A revenue by 4%. Second, global enterprise risk solutions, or ERS, revenue of $130 million was up 7% from last year. The growth was driven primarily by the March 2016 acquisition of GGY as well as an increase in software license revenue. U.S. ERS revenue was up 24%, while non-U.S. revenue was down 1%. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted ERS revenue by 3%. Trailing 12-month revenue and sales for ERS increased 12% and 4%, respectively. Product sales were up 13% while services declined 16%, reflecting our progress on shifting the mix of the ERS business to emphasize higher margin products. Third, global professional services revenue of $37 million was down 3% from the prior-year period. U.S. professional services revenue was flat, while non-U.S. revenue was down 4%. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted professional services revenue by 3%. Turning now to operating expense. Moody's fourth quarter adjusted operating expense, which excludes the settlement charge Ray mentioned earlier, was $551 million, up 3% from 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to increased incentive compensation, the March 2016 acquisition of GGY, and annual merit increases largely offset by management savings initiatives implemented in early 2016. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted adjusted operating expense by 3%. As Ray mentioned, Moody's adjusted operating margin increased 320 basis points to 45% in the fourth quarter. Now I'll provide an update on capital allocation. During the fourth quarter of 2016, Moody's repurchased 558,000 shares at a total cost of $60 million or an average cost of $107.48 per share and issued 86,000 shares as part of its employee stock-based compensation plans. Moody's returned $71 million to its shareholders via dividend payments during the fourth quarter of 2016. For full year 2016, Moody's repurchased 7.7 million shares at a total cost of $739 million, or an average cost of $96.38 per share and issued 2.8 million shares as part of its employee stock-based compensation plans. Moody's returned $285 million to its shareholders via dividend payments during 2016. The total capital returned to shareholders in 2016 was $1 billion. Additionally, on December 21, 2016, Moody's increased its quarterly dividend by 3% from $0.37 to $0.38 per common share of stock. Outstanding shares as of December 31, 2016 totaled 190.7 million, down 3% from December 31, 2015. As of December 31, 2016, Moody's had approximately $700 million of share repurchase authority remaining. At year-end, Moody's had $3.4 billion of outstanding debt and $1 billion of additional borrowing capacity under its commercial paper program, which is backstopped by an undrawn $1 billion revolving credit facility. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at year-end were $2.2 billion with approximately 78% held outside the U.S. Free cash flow in 2016 was $1.1 billion, up 4% from 2015, primarily due to changes in working capital. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Ray.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Linda. I'll conclude this morning's prepared comments by discussing our full year guidance for 2017. A complete list of Moody's guidance is included in our fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings press release, which can be found on the Moody's Investor Relations website at ir.moodys.com. Moody's outlook for 2017 is based on assumptions about many geopolitical conditions and macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions, consumer borrowing and securitization, and the amount of debt issued. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our outlook does not include any estimated impact for potential changes in U.S. tax laws or other possible policy or regulatory changes. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end-of-year exchange rates. Specifically, our forecast reflects exchange rates for the British pound of $1.24 to £1 and for the euro of $1.05 to €1. As I noted earlier, Moody's expects full year 2017 revenue to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Adjusted operating expenses expected to increase in the low-single-digit percent range from the 2016 adjusted operating expense of $2.1 billion. On a constant dollar basis, the revenue growth rate would be approximately 120 basis points higher and the adjusted operating expense growth rate would be approximately 170 basis points higher. The company is projecting an operating margin of approximately 43%, up approximately 100 basis points compared to 2016's operating margin, excluding the settlement and restructuring charges of 42%. Adjusted operating margin is expected to be approximately 46%. The effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 31% to 32% and reflects the U.S. accounting change related to equity compensation as well as changes to U.K. tax laws as noted in our earnings press release. Full-year 2017 EPS is expected to be $5.15 to $5.30 including the estimated $0.15 per share benefit resulting from the accounting change previously mentioned. Free cash flow is expected to be approximately $500 million, which includes the payment of settlement charge recorded in the company's fourth quarter 2016 financial results. Moody's expects share repurchases to be approximately $500 million, subject to available cash, market conditions and other capital allocation decisions. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $100 million. Depreciation and amortization expense is expected to be approximately $135 million. For MIS, the company expects full-year 2017 revenue to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Both U.S. and non-U.S. revenues are expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. On a constant dollar basis, the revenue growth rate for MIS would be approximately 100 basis points higher. Corporate finance revenue, structured finance revenue, and financial institutions revenue are each expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Public, project and infrastructure finance revenue is expected to increase in the low-single-digit percent range. For Moody's Analytics, the company expects 2017 revenue to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. U.S. revenue is expected to increase in the low-single-digit percent range and non-U.S. revenue is expected increase in the high-single-digit percent range. On a constant dollar basis, the revenue growth rate for MA would be approximately 180 basis points higher. Research, data and analytics revenue is projected to increase in the high-single-digit percent range. Enterprise risk solutions revenue is expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range and professional services revenue is expected to increase in the low-single-digit percent range. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining Linda and me for the question-and-answer session are Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics, and Rob Fauber, President of Moody's Investors Service. We'll be pleased to take any questions you might have.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go first to Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. Hey. Hello, everyone. I think my questions are mainly for Linda today. Starting with the expenses, I think the margin guidance was a nice surprise relative to what you said before. Could you walk through the puts and takes a little bit more? How should we think about what's driving the upside, is it the way you've ended in terms of being soft on hiring this year, what about legal expenses that might be coming down post the settlement, and maybe any color on variable compensation, how – what we should be expecting for the year? Thank you.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Okay, Alex. I'm glad you're happy and I have a couple of points to make about that. We did do better in 2016 due to some pretty rigorous expense control measures that we took back in February of last year. So we did better at the conclusion of 2016 even than we had expected. Those controls will continue going into 2017. So we feel pretty good about guiding to approximately 100 basis points of margin expansion. Some of that does come from savings from legal costs, but the majority is what we're doing in terms of hiring. We have slowed the pace of hiring for the corporation. MA continues to move a little bit faster than the rating agency and shared services. Looking at 2016 over 2015, MIS is actually down in head count and shared services is approximately flat. So, all those things have helped us just with good general housekeeping and some discipline. In terms of incentive compensation, let me find the right page here and we'll talk about that. As what sometimes happens, we noticed that in the fourth quarter because our performance was a good deal stronger in 2016, Alex, the quarters had gone in 2016 for incentive compensation about $32 million, $35 million, $42 million. And then as sometimes happens, the fourth quarter was $59.6 million in incentive compensation. For 2017, probably the right thing to model there is somewhere between $40 million and $45 million per quarter of incentive compensation. And does that hit most of what you wanted?
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: I think that got everything. Secondly, similar on cash flow I guess, how should we be thinking about the settlement and how you will actually end up paying for that and the timing of all that? So if you can run through the kind of like the buybacks, are those going to be more third quarter or fourth quarter, how about – are you going to draw on the revolver or the commercial paper program, what's the interest rate we should be thinking about? I don't think you guided on interest expense. So just think about, you have a lot of cash overseas, you generate decent cash here, but maybe not enough. So how should we thinking about that? And then maybe lastly related to that. How do you think about leverage in general? Because if you need to raise a little bit more debt for this, like, I think you're hitting some of your initial targets. Are those targets changing? How do you think about it from being a rated company yourself, anything we should be thinking about here? Thank you.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Okay. Alex, that's about all the questions.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: I know that (21:35).
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Let me try to start with the DOJ settlement. So the happy news is, we're done or we're just about done. The payments have been made. Those were largely completed and the way we did that was cash on hand, U.S. cash on hand. You'll recall back in 2016, we've reduced share repurchase guidance from $1 billion to $750 million. And then also for those who've been paying close attention, we've reentered the commercial paper market. We have about $600 million of commercial paper outstanding right now about an average maturity of 60 days and we're paying about 1.2% on that commercial paper. So we're very happy with the receptivity of the commercial paper markets and that's how we have financed the payment of the settlement. So again that's done. Going forward, we've guided to about $500 million of share repurchase for the rest of the year, that's subject to many things as we've discussed already, but some of it is how cash flow comes in for the year for the company, so we'll see. As we announced the settlement, one of the other rating agencies that looked at us did provide a little bit more leverage room for us under its measure, which is now 1.5 times to 2 times rather than the 1.5 times that you had seen before. However, we very much like our rating category that we have right now and we don't like to run right up to the edge of our leverage level, so we feel that we have some dry powder. We're happy about that. We have at least $500 million of dry powder, something like that, as we look at what we might want to do for 2017. So we like the leverage levels. We have a bit of room, share repurchase about $500 million, and again we just want to be thoughtful given everything that we've just had to deal with and we don't like to be too close to the edge in terms of the leverage levels. I don't know if Ray had anything else you wanted to add. I think that's most of it.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: No, I just want to underscore both and this is implied both in the question and then addressed directly by Linda's answer. But between our cash on hand and our various borrowing options, we feel we have quite a bit of flexibility. And so, we are going to be making decisions according to market conditions as we go through the year and, as I imagine you would expect, we're going to pay close attention to what we think are the best opportunities.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. Alex, one final point which may not have been taken into account in by everyone looking at their models. We did do some financing in 2016. So, you'll see in 2017 the roll-forward effect of that interest expense. Secondly, we do have the $600 million of CP and we are considering the term market at this time and we'll see what we decide to do about that. But again, if we take that 1.2% expense – I'm sorry, the rate we're paying for the CP and we term that out, I think it'd be fair to say that we would expect that that interest expense would be a little bit heavier. So, we're considering that right now and that's one of the reasons why everything doesn't flow fully down to EPS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Very helpful as usual. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hi. My first question is just any thoughts on issuance given the new administration, I'm sure you're predicting that one. And what could that do to your current projections? Any internal scenarios you're setting up for.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Joe, what we'll do, I'll go through what we usually do regarding our views that we're hearing from the investment banks, and then we have an exciting new feature. Rob Fauber is going to add a little bit of color in terms of what the rating agency is noting in the marketplace. So, starting with the U.S. view, and again, this is coming from the investment banks and it's sort of an averaging of what we're hearing from the different banks. Investment grade right now is running very, very strong. January was $200 billion in issuance, a strong month is $100 billion, and this is record January supply. Financials had dominated as well as significant issuance from TMT companies. For the year, we're looking at about $1.2 billion of U.S. investment grade issuance. That's about flat year-over-year. The pipeline is robust as corporates exit their blackout periods and potentially look to get ahead of Fed rate hikes later in the year, which might be June, could be March, and then potentially again toward the end of the year. We note that many issuers we're hearing from the banks pre-funded in favorable 2016 issuance environment that might serve as a bit of an offset to 2017. And we're thinking about the M&A pipeline which is bouncing around a bit. For U.S. high-yield, $35 billion issued so far, $250 billion expected for the year, which is up 5% year-over-year. 2017 has started on a positive tone. Large cash inflows to high yield, recovering commodity prices and attractive yields are very constructive. More constructive default scenarios and energy price outlooks are helping with the backdrop, and we think that will support 2017 high-yield bond issuance. Leveraged loan so far, $120 billion. That is a torrid pace. $400 billion expected this year. The year is expected to be down 15% year-over-year. But right now, stability in the macro backdrop is aiding the leveraged loan market. With potential interest rate increases, the floating rate view is preferred for investors. And we continue to have CLO formation and that will support leveraged loan activity; not enough, though, to surpass the elevated levels of 2016. Now moving to Europe, what we've heard from the banks, investment grade in Europe, volumes were higher than usual in January as issuers took advantage of the good conditions and low rates. The ECB and Bank of England continue to buy bonds and support the market. And there's a strong pipeline as issuers look to go to market ahead of the key political events in Europe and potential ECB tapering. We're about two months away from the French election as the first major event. High yield in Europe and the leveraged loan market remain in robust shape. ECB bond buying has indirectly supported the high-yield market and should help maintain rates at all-time lows. Macroeconomic and geopolitical risks continue to be the key focus, though, in Europe particularly for the speculative grade market. And now, I'll invite Rob to make any further comments that he might want to offer.
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Linda, that was pretty thorough. I don't have too much to add to that. I might just talk about a little bit of kind of the upsides and downsides in general to how we're thinking about issuance. Certainly, higher economic growth leading to more capital investment and in turn debt financing would be a positive. Some sort of infrastructure stimulus, either privately funded or in the municipal market. More constructive M&A environment, certainly Linda touched on that. And I think, importantly, a pull-forward of these 2019 through 2021 maturity walls. We think we're seeing some pull-forward now. But if we see more pull-forward, that could provide some upside. The things we're thinking about as potential headwinds, I think you mentioned potentially unfavorable tax changes. I know there has been a lot of discussion around that, around corporate interest, tax deductibility, repatriation of foreign cash. Interestingly, we did see in January some very large issuance from some big tech players, who have large cash balances offshore. And we're looking at trade developments that could disrupt market, stall investment. Obviously, watching the election calendar in the EU. Strengthening of the U.S. dollar would also be something that would have an impact on us as well.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Got it.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: And not that we're supposed to ask the questions, but Rob you had mentioned one of the pieces of research we've released last week on the refinancing model.
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. I don't want to confuse people because I don't have the global numbers handy, but we just put out some research last week, I know, in regards to the U.S. spec grade, maturity wall. We're looking at the five-year maturity walls now over $1 trillion for the first time. That's up about $100 billion from the study this time last year.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Got it. So any color, though, on sort of real-time what the clients are telling you given the new administration. Are you seeing a wait-and-see approach or any pull-forwards? I'm just wondering if there is anything outside of kind of what you laid up from the issuance side of things.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: No. This is Ray. Obviously, conditions were very strong in January. And the markets remain active in February. We really don't expect to see the January kind of numbers in the loan and high-yield sectors continue with that pace, but market conditions remain good. All of that indicates that issuers are taking advantage of a tight spread environment. They may be moving ahead of uncertainty later in this year, whether it's policy uncertainty here in the U.S. or the potential implications of unexpected outcomes in the European election. So, the pull-forward is, I think, both a recognition of good market conditions and potential uncertainties later in the year.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. And then the last one from me, on the regulatory side, we've heard about some repeal maybe at some large institutions. Just wondering if you had any thoughts about any of that impact on your Analytics practice? Thanks.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. I mean, I'll let Mark comment on how they're thinking about that and I'll add any color, if appropriate.
Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp: Yeah. I'd say that we are not seeing any meaningful impact, any of the talk about pullback on banking regulation, for example. We're still seeing very good demand for our products, for regulatory requirements as well as some of the accounting rule changes that are coming through, both IFRS 9 and the Current Expected Credit Loss, CECL, program that's coming in in the U.S. So, nothing meaningful from our standpoint.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, everyone, and congratulations on a strong quarter.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Thanks.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So, first question on, I wanted to ask about new issuer rating mandates for 2016, how that's been trending versus previous years?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Well, the fourth quarter was up year-on-year. We had, I think, about 175 new rating mandates in Q4. So that's good, looking forward into the new year. We are not at peaks we were at back in 2013, 2014, but it has been a stable flow of new mandates at healthy levels, just off-peak levels. Rob, I don't know if there's anything else worth adding on that.
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: No, I think that's right.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: How's the breakdown between Europe and U.S.?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: I don't have that number in front of me. Rob is telling me it was skewed towards the U.S...
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: ... at least in the fourth quarter.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then on the Moody's Analytics side, just wanted to ask how things were looking at RD&A in terms of how the retention rates are being holding up, how the pricing realization has been?
Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp: It continues to be strong on both fronts. We're running in the mid-90s on customer retention, pricing is solid. We're seeing good upgrade activity. So that's all strong. I mean, any softness we see in the RD&A numbers for the quarter really are down to currency, I mean, we really took it on the chin on currency translation in Europe. So it's hit us pretty hard. But the underlying business is as strong as it's been over the last couple of years.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Then last question on ERS, you had mentioned the GGY acquisition which you're going to be anniversarying and then also what looked like very strong software license revenue. So I was going to ask for some help in terms of modeling that out for the rest of the year, how we should think about that?
Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp: Well. You're right. We had a good year in 2016, because we had very good performance in the business. We also had help from GGY acquisition. So that was all good. Linda also referred to the fact that we are making good progress on our transition in the mix of the business, as we've been talking about for a while. We are deemphasizing the services piece of the business and focusing much more heavily on sales of products that are much more scalable and, therefore, much more profitable. So the impact of that will flow through to 2017 revenue in the sense that we had a deliberate revenue decline in the services segment of the business. And so you're going to see that flowing through to revenue growth in 2017. So we're guiding toward mid-single-digit revenue growth in ERS and I think the way to think about that is, think about 2017 in terms of ERS revenue growth as sort of a transition year as we shift the mix of the business away from services and focus more heavily on products, which we think will drive a much stronger P&L over the coming years.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll go next to Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. Hi. Good afternoon. Linda, just to follow up on the expense commentary, could you give us the ramp that you usually guide us to from now to the fourth quarter? And also, how much of the 100 basis points is coming from the Moody's Analytics side? Maybe you could just update us on the efforts for the margin improvement there.
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Sure. Manav, the first question is a little bit easier and maybe I'll let Mark to think a little bit about what he wants to say on your second question. This year, we're hoping that the ramp will be a little bit flatter than it's been in previous years. So to give you somewhere to start, I think I've got this right. We're looking at about $532 million for the first quarter budget for expenses in 2017 and we're looking at the ramp going up $20 million to $25 million from the first quarter to fourth quarter. Now I'll give the same warning that I give every year that includes the view that incentive compensation lays out pretty evenly for the year. We haven't had that sort of performance recently in 2016. You'll note, incentive comp went way up in the fourth quarter because of the strong performance. But all things being equal, you want to start with $532 million or so and take it up $20 million to $25 million. Now, we've had a pretty significant margin work in MIS and some pretty strong cost controls in shared services in 2016. That reduces the kind of the run rate increase for 2017. And Mark's continuing to focus on margin by looking at his higher margin businesses, as we've said in the prepared remarks. I don't know, Mark, if you want to make any other comments on your thoughts?
Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp: Yeah. I mean, I would only observe consistent with what we said before that I think we are making good progress with the MA margin. The challenge that we have is it's difficult for you to see that because of the way that we allocate overhead expense to the two operating businesses. MA, as it's been growing faster than MIS over the last couple of years, is attracting more overhead. So that's sort of offsetting the work that we're doing in the business itself. So it's difficult for you to see it – because of that, it's difficult for you to see it because of the impact on the margin, at least in the short run, with some of the acquisitions we've made. So, we believe we're making good progress. We think that progress is only going to get better over the coming years, but it is going to be difficult to see it on the MA standalone P&L just given the way we treat overhead expense.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So is the target still mid-20s over several years?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yes.
Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp: Yes.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. And then just one on the rating side, maybe, Rob can add some color here, but I think you guys have put out some pieces around tax reform and the impact on the issuance. I mean, it sounds like for Moody's company specifically, obviously the lower tax and repatriations are positive. But just on the broader tax reform piece, I mean, I guess it sounds like the view is it should be a negative, but how should we think about timing and how that impacts issuance and the company's decision-making, any help or color there would be helpful?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: That's right. When we look at potential changes in taxes, it's really – there are a number of puts and takes. Certainly, to the extent that there are impacts from changes in interest deductibility, you have to count that as a negative, but to the extent that debt financing is still a low cost form of financing, you would have companies that have more available cash. It would probably be a stimulus for economic growth and so there I would hope and anticipate we would see more new money borrowing, so that the quantification of whether it ends up being a net negative or a net positive is difficult to assess without having more detail about what the actual changes in tax law would be, and as we see that, we will obviously communicate it.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. All right, thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: And we'll go next to Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Good morning.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: In 2016, your transactional revenue – ratings revenue growth was up about 0.5% while your biggest competitor was up about 6% in transactional ratings. What do you think the key drivers are that explain the delta there, just given that historically you've been a little bit more in terms of transactional mix shift. And so just wanted to figure out what we should be thinking about?
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Toni, it's Linda. This is one of the most difficult types of questions for us to answer, because we can see what goes in that view for us, but of course we don't know what goes into that calculation for our competitor, it makes it pretty hard for us to judge. I'll ask Rob if he wants to make any other comments on this, but that wouldn't – we don't have as much clarity on that as you might think and it's a little hard for us to parse. Rob?
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah, the only thing I think I could surmise would there be some sort of shift in the mix.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah, and just to add on to that. Our transaction versus recurring revenue splits remained fairly constant in 2016 versus 2015. So we didn't see any big shifts there.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And so, and I guess related, can you just talk about sort of the pricing environment within MIS?
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Sure. It's Linda. We had spoken about at Investor Day back in 2016 that we felt pretty good about the pricing environment, I think that continues. I think I had noted then that we expected to be closer to the 4% end of the range we had said of 3% to 4%. We are very interested in providing appropriate value for what we do. And we think that we've made some significant investments in what the team has been able to do in terms of ease of use and otherwise very strong value proposition, which I'll let Rob talk about. But we're feeling okay about pricing. Rob, anything else you want to mention?
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: No. I think that's it.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And then your long-term framework calls for EPS growth in the teens, this coming year you're expecting a mid-single-digit MIS growth environment. Why only 5% on the EPS increase excluding the tax benefit? I think you did mention perhaps the higher interest expense before rolling into 2017 from the actions you took in 2016. But are there other pieces that we should be thinking about as well?
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Toni, you might want to note the new accounting provision, it's helpful to us. But the U.K. has a couple of laws; it's going to limit the interest deductibility piece to 30% of EBITDA. And that is costing us about 160 basis points on the tax line. The tax line is, in this climate, one of the more challenging things for us to predict. If we do see a change in tax policy, I would note, which might be helpful to you that a 1% change in the ETR, that's 100 basis points, gives us $0.07 to $0.08 in EPS which is a lot. So we're quite sensitive to what happens to that tax line, but you know that we've guided to 31% to 32%. We'll see what happens with that, and there is obviously some variability around it. So we're taking a prudent view on this given what we know now, and if we have adjustments, we'll be happy to discuss those with you on future calls. Ray, I don't know if you want to...?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. The only other thing I would direct you to is the fact that we do have higher financing costs this year than we did last year, part of that is the roll-forward of financing that we did during the year, last year, and part of it is the fact that we've done some financing and we'll continue to do some financing as a result of the settlement with the Department of Justice and the payments that were made there. So that's just giving us an increase in that line that we normally wouldn't see.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks a lot.
Operator: We'll go next to Warren Gardiner with Evercore.
Warren Gardiner - Evercore Group LLC: Great. Thanks. On the margin in Analytics in the quarter, it sounds like there are a couple of moving parts there with GGY and some FX. I mean, any sense you could kind of parse that out for us and give us what do you kind of think the, I guess, core margin would be for that business?
Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp: Well, I can tell you that, if we ignore the additional overhead expense that we absorbed and we ignore the impact of the acquisition. For the quarter, the margin would have been flat to 2015. I should also note that we've got a couple of million dollars of – we had a couple of million dollars of non-recurring expense in the fourth quarter of 2016 that we won't have going forward. And so, you probably – if you want to look at on a run rate basis, you want to back out a couple of million dollars for that as well.
Warren Gardiner - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. I guess then on expenses overall – for Linda maybe, in the past you guys have – and this has kind of been asked a little bit, but in the past you guys have given us a sense of what you might have to kind of pull back on if things got choppy. Any sense what that level of flexibility would be for 2017?
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah, I think I'd stick to what we said in 2016, we always tell you guys we can achieve $50 million of expense savings and, voila, we achieved $50 million of expense savings. So there is probably another $50 million in there across the company. I would note that we are being very thoughtful about expenses. We note that both operating expenses and CapEx, CapEx is looking to be up about $100 million as we go through 2017. We've had a little bit of lightening up in terms of our real estate projects. We'd taken two floors in One World Trade Center in 2016. And as you know, we're making some investment in our technology, but we expect that to lighten up a little bit in 2017. So, we're guiding to $100 million, as we had said. So, just across the board, we're just being really careful with what we're doing and considering every cost. We do have a procurement group that's done a really nice job on some of our expenses, such as T&E, and we're managing very, very closely. So, we'll think about maybe flexibility for another $50 million for 2017.
Warren Gardiner - Evercore Group LLC: Got it. Okay. Makes sense. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We'll go next to Andre Benjamin with Goldman Sachs.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks and good afternoon. I guess I wanted to come back to the ERS growth and the assumed deceleration of mid-single digit from double digits the last three years. I know you called out the mix shift of going towards products away from services. One, I just want to confirm is, for similar I guess offering – I'm sorry, the implication that it's a lower price. So, I just want to confirm that that's right, for one. And then two is that, how much of it is that versus just you being conservative? The last couple of years, I think you've guided to mid-single digits and put up something much healthier than that.
Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp: Yeah. Andre, a couple of things. First, as Linda said earlier, she noted that trailing 12-month sales in ERS are up 4% and then she decomposed that. She said that product sales – again trailing 12 months, product sales are up 13% and services are down 16%. So, if you just start with the trailing 12-month sales for ERS, up 4%, that's sort of flows through to our mid-single-digit revenue guidance for 2017, right, because we've got sort of the lag on revenue recognition. So, that's sort of how we get to the guidance. The mix shift, again, is designed to deliver more margin. I think you're right in talking about fees. You're right in the sense that over the last number of years, we've done some very large projects for customers where we charged many millions of dollars for the services work that we did. So in that respect, that – not doing projects of that scale and charging those kinds of fees for services will put a bit of a drag on top-line growth. But we think that because the product is more mature, it is more scalable. It meets more needs for more customers. We think we'll be able to sell more. But I guess what I'm saying is we're going to make it up – to some degree, we're going to make it up on volume. So we'll be able to – as we get through this transition, we'll be able to get to a very better growth rate over time. And then, the other thing to keep in mind here is, that decline – that 16% decline in services sales in 2016 was kind of a one-time phenomenon. Our expectation is that we'll hold that line flat going forward. So, you won't see a big contraction there. We'll be holding that flat, while the product line continues to grow at a double-digit rate. So, we think we're going to get to – on balance, we'll get to a much healthier overall growth rate in ERS, which is why I say it's healthy to think – or helpful to think of 2017 as a transition year for the business.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. And I guess just a follow-up on the margin question a couple other people ask. Definitely makes sense that you're getting more overhead. You've been talking about that for a while now. It's just explicitly to make sure we modeled it right. Should we assume that margins for that business are up next year as you work through this transition, or is getting to the mid-20s more backend loaded?
Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp: Well, again, we don't give specific margin guidance by line of business. But I will tell you, again, that if we were to – you ignore the GGY acquisition, you ignore the additional overhead that we attracted in 2016, and if you ignore that couple of million dollars that I mentioned that non-recurring expense that we had in the fourth quarter, we would have seen over 100 basis points of margin expansion in MA from 2015 to 2016. And I would expect that trend to continue.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go next to Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thanks. Ray, what's left on the legal front?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Fortunately, not much. If we step back and look at all of the crisis era litigation, we've now disposed of better than 90% of what we were facing globally. So, very little left in terms of numbers.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: And then, Linda, I understand the rationale in terms of lower pace of share repurchase in 2017. Should we anticipate then that in 2018 maybe you get back to more of the $1 billion kind of run rate you've been doing in recent years?
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Peter, it's hard for us to guide that far ahead in terms of share repurchase. We do look at market conditions. We do want to reinvest in our businesses, and share repurchase oftentimes is sort of the last number that we look at, given that. We thought it was best to be prudent for this year. Yes, we would like to return to more vigorous share repurchase, but we're going to have to see it. It's too early to tell where that will go.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: I think the fairest thing we could say looking out that far is we believe we would certainly have the capacity...
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: ... to do so and we'd make those decisions near the date.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. And then lastly, Rob, just on the trends in the structured finance market, which seems like it's basically come back to life. Any commentary in terms of changes you're seeing in the market that might give you more confidence in the sustainability of volumes there. And any commentary on competitive dynamics, because it does seem like there's more competitive pressures in that market than you see elsewhere? Thanks.
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. Maybe, I'll focus primarily on the U.S., it's obviously the largest market. So in the ABS sector, got off to a bit of a subdued start as folks were still adapting to the Reg AB II loan-level reporting requirements, but the pipeline's certainly heating up and activity is heating up in February on some very strong demand there. In terms of CMBS, we saw very weak start that was due to a pull-forward of deals from the risk retention deadline at the end of the fourth quarter of 2016. And I would say that CMBS hasn't weathered risk retention quite as well as the CLO market. So we're only seeing two risk retention compliant deals get printed since the deadline at the end of December. That said, there is a pipeline building in CMBS. And then CLO, we've seen some very strong issuance continuing into the first quarter of 2017. So obviously you saw in our results, there is a very strong issuance in the fourth quarter, due to a real pull-forward from 2017 into 2016 in advance of that risk retention deadline. I would note that much of the early volume in the first quarter in CLOs is refi, as spreads have come in, we are starting to see some new CLO formation come into the March pipeline as the CLO market seems to have found some structures that work within the risk retention framework. Just in terms of – from a competitive standpoint, our coverage continues to be strong and we actually seen some nice gains in our coverage in Europe.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to Tim McHugh with William Blair & Co.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks. Just on the margin question, obviously 2017 is better. I guess, are you finding things that you didn't expect or are we seeing some of the expected margin expansion that you talked about at the Investor Day in terms of the path towards 45%, just come faster than you would have otherwise expected?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. I think it's is a couple of things. We have taken actions in 2016 that we're somewhat accelerated against our original expectations and we're getting the benefits of those. We've also got a little bit, as you might imagine, better position on the legal side now than we had last year. We are still anticipating that we can move to the mid-40s-percent margin. Overall – again, subject to the mix of the two different businesses, but – so yes, you've got an acceleration of what we were identifying earlier in the year, last year. Linda, I don't know if there is anything else you wanted to add to that?
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. We're very pleased with the progress we've made in 2016. I think we even surprised ourselves frankly, Tim. We did a $12 million restructuring charge. The genesis of that was split sort of half and half between the rating agency and shared services. We're being very careful with what we're doing in head count and in shared services we're very thoughtful about our use of lower cost locations and those are our own employees that we're using in those lower cost locations. So we've gotten the run rate down, and we're very happy about that, and we're being really careful about what we do going forward. So I think it's good housekeeping. And Ray and I encouraged our colleagues to think hard about the margin line, and everybody really got the message and did a great job, and we expect that that will continue. We run the business in a very disciplined way. We've been very careful in terms of adding new head count and even backfilling. So we're pleased with what we're seeing, and we're doing a little bit better than we even thought. So we're very happy with all of that. There is no magic to it. It's just day-to-day hard work and good discipline.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks. Just to follow up on the tax benefits from the new stock comp rules, I guess. Is that causing more seasonality in the tax rate that we should expect? Because – I know there is timing differences sometimes and when you will recognize the benefit associated with that part of it, I don't know if the U.K. rule has similar?
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah, sure. So the U.S. rules probably will see seasonal effects and we've estimated about $0.15, but there are a number of factors that go into that which could move around. So we would urge everybody to think about that as an approximation. A lot of that might come into the first quarter when our restricted stock awards vest. And there are a bunch of factors there. One is, what is the exercise price? Second is, what is pace of that exercise pricing, the timing, the number, and any number of other factors? So we would expect that that effect might be heavier in the first quarter, particularly given very happily where the stock price is right now. So, we'll see how that lays out, this is new to us and we'll give more information as we see what we get in the first quarter.
Tim J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you. I have just a broad question on the tax policy potential changes we heard out of Washington. If they do get rid of interest expense deductibility in the U.S. as part of the overall tax reform, could you guys base case that would hurt potentially high-yield issuance much more so than investment-grade issuance? That's my first question.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: I think it would probably have more of an impact on high-yield. Again, though, just trying to weigh the puts and takes on that, it's also high-yield companies that are going to probably want to take most advantage of having additional cash on hand. And so, that gives them more flexibility, it might cause them to engage in different behaviors, whether it's from an M&A standpoint or business expansion. So I do think the premise of your question probably leans against high-yield more than it leans against investment-grade. But there's pluses and minuses in both cases.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: And then, Ray, I assume you'd say that probably even more so of the interest expense deductibility was limited to only up to 30% of EBITDA. Similar to what you talked about in the U.K. and I guess Germany has as well as opposed to getting rid of 100%?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. And again, it's – there's – what it does in an absolute sense. But then it's also relatively what is still the more or less attractive ways to raise capital and so even if it's less attractive, if it's still the most attractive, you would expect firms would make rational economic decisions.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: And then, Ray, as a follow-on to that, if you just isolate – I know this is hard, but if you just isolate, if the corporate tax rate in the U.S., the federal rate goes from 35% to 15% or 20% or thereabouts, what is your general sense on what that could do to debt issuance in terms of that – I mean, obviously it should be more pro growth out there, and so what do you think it would do from debt issuance, from an M&A perspective, and investing in backing companies, et cetera? What could it do (1:03:32) to debt issuance?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: I mean, we – I don't have a quantification of that for you, Craig, but again the pluses and minuses that we've outlined in a couple of our comments throughout the call indicates that we don't expect dramatic change in what is happening around our business, but it's going to have some impact whether it's a 15% or 20% or 25% and we're just going to have to see.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: Linda, a couple of quick housekeeping questions. What – maybe I missed this, what percent of your cash hoard is outside the U.S. right now, if you would, please?
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: 78% is offshore, now, Craig. The numbers are, U.S. is roughly $500 million, international is roughly $1.7 billion, that totals to $2.2 billion a little bit more, but 78% overseas and that's because we use some of the U.S. cash as we dealt with the DOJ situation. But as we noted, the very vast majority of the settlement payments have already been made.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: And in the case in the past, a substantial fraction of our foreign cash is also held in U.S. dollars.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then lastly, Linda, if I could just ask just given the concerns – ongoing concerns around Brexit for your ratings, was your revenues out of the U.K. for full year 2016 roughly 7%, 8% of your ratings revenue again, is that fair number to think about?
Linda S. Huber - Moody's Corp.: Offshore – off-hand – excuse me, Craig – I'm not certain where we're sort of puzzling and looking at Rob to see if he has any further information.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah, it's not a straightforward as you might hope, Craig, because we do both U.K. entity-based ratings out of the U.K., but we also do European-based ratings, EU-based ratings out of the U.K. And so – and the companies that are issuing into the EU may be followed from any one of a number of offices. So both, how the revenue gets apportioned and then how the expense base supporting that revenue gets apportioned are subject to some interpretations of what's in and what's out. The U.K. is not a large part of our overall European business, but I don't have a fraction I can give you.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jeff Silber with Bank of Montreal.
Henry Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, guys. It's Henry Chien on for Jeff. I just had a question on MIS, just curious from a commercial sales perspective, now the business is stabilizing. Are there any new markets or geographies that you're looking at to potentially expand your coverage in?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah, in terms of markets that we are looking to expand in, we have been active as you have seen in emerging markets including India, increasing our stake in Korea, growing business coming out of China has been growing very nicely. With the liberalization that is being proposed and discussed in the Chinese markets, we would anticipate that that should create some opportunities. We've also been concentrating on building out the business in Latin America and Middle East. So, Rob, I don't know if there is anything else you wanted to add to that.
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. We opened an office last year in Sweden. So we've been building out our presence as well in the Nordic region.
Henry Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Got it. Okay. Yeah. That's helpful. And just in – on MIS, just as a follow up, I mean, in terms of the different products, I'd say, are there any margin changes when one sort of increases as a percentage of the whole, let's say, like structured increases as a percentage, does that sort of impact the margin a little bit?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: The margins in the MIS business for all of the fundamental areas are roughly the same. The structured finance margin is more variable. It's a more transactionally-oriented business. And so in periods of high volume, you get higher margins and low volume, lower margins. It's also susceptible to how intense the monitoring activity has to be. In periods of greater stress, there is greater allocation of resource to – having to be on top of the monitoring, simply because in periods of stress, there are more assets that have to be scrutinized more closely, and so you get some swings there as well. So that's the only line of business that I would say has substantial variability in margin.
Henry Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah, the monitoring for the structured or just overall?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Monitoring for structured in particular, because of the large number of assets that underlie those pools.
Henry Sou Chien - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Got it. Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: And we'll go next to Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, good afternoon. A quick CLO question for you. Does the CLO refinancing create the same sort of revenue opportunity for you guys as a CLO issuance?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: No. New issuance would be a higher revenue opportunity than refi.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. And then a follow-up question. The acquisition that you just announced the other day, this structured finance data and analytics business of SCDM, is that going within research, data and analytics? And if so, can you talk about how much of the high-single-digit revenue growth target for that segment in 2017 is going to come from acquisition?
Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp: The answer to your first question is, yes, it is part of our DNA, but it is a very, very small acquisition. I mean, I think it's a good acquisition. It makes a ton of sense. We've done this a number of times before where we've acquired businesses, where in this case, we didn't acquire any people. We essentially bought a product that is very similar to an existing product of ours. We're going to transition their customers from the legacy product to our product. So essentially, we bought that business without buying any expense, frankly, that would come along with it. So I think it's a very good transaction for us, but it is – honestly, it's tiny.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Yeah, strategically, it's a nice fit, but it's not going to turn the dial on financial performance for RD&A in 2017.
Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp: Yeah.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yeah, got you. So smaller than the GGY acquisition last year?
Mark E. Almeida - Moody's Corp: That's correct.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Significant.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Ray McDaniel for closing comments.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Moody's Corp.: Okay. Thank you all for joining the call today. And we look forward to speaking with you again after the first quarter. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes Moody's fourth quarter and fiscal year-end 2016 earnings call. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 3:00 P.M. Eastern on Moody's IR website. Thank you.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-21 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Salli Schwartz - Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications Ray McDaniel - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Linda Huber - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Rob Fauber - Senior Vice President of Corporate and Commercial Development, President of Moody's Investors Service, Inc Mark Almeida - President of Moody's Analytics
Analysts: Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray Tony Kaplan - Morgan Stanley Tim McHugh - William Blair Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Warren Gardiner - Evercore Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital Bill Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities Vincent Hong - Autonomous Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Alex Kramm - UBS Jeff Silber - BMO Capital Markets Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Ashley Serrao - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good day and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the Moody's Corporation third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. At this time, I would like to inform you this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for question-and-answers following the presentation. I will now like to turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications. Please go ahead.
Salli Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's third quarter 2016 results as well as our current outlook for full year 2016. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications. This morning, Moody's released its results for the third quarter of 2016 as well as our current outlook for full year 2016. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Moody's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission's website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I will now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks Salli. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I will begin by summarizing Moody's third quarter and year-to-date 2016 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. I will then conclude with a litigation update and comments on our current outlook for 2016. After our prepared remarks, we will be happy to respond to your questions. In the third quarter Moody's revenue of $917 million increased 10% primarily as a result of record third quarter revenue from Moody's Investor Service driven by higher leverage finance issuance in U.S. public finance plant activity as well as solid growth for Moody's Analytics. Operating expense for the third quarter was $520 million, up 7% in the third quarter of 2015 and included an $8.4 million restructuring charge associated with cost management initiatives. Operating income was $398 million, a 14% increase from the prior year period. The impact of foreign currency translation on operating income was negligible. Adjusted operating income, defined as operating income before depreciation, amortization and the aforementioned restructuring charge, was $439 million, up 16% from the same period last year. The reported operating margin for the third quarter of 2016 was 43.3% and the adjusted operating margin was 47.8%. GAAP EPS of $1.31 was up 15% from the third quarter of 2015. Non-GAAP EPS of a $1.34 was up 21%. Third quarter 2016 non-GAAP EPS excludes $0.03 impact from the restructuring charge. Third quarter 2015 non-GAAP EPS excludes $0.03 benefit from a legacy tax matter. Turning to year-to-date performance. Moody's revenue for the first nine months of 2016 was $2.7 billion, an increase of 2% from the prior year period. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted revenue by 1%. Revenue at Moody's Investors Service was $1.8 billion, a decline of 1% from 2015. Revenue at Moody's Analytics was $899 million, 8% higher than the prior year period. Operating expense in the first nine months of 2016 was $1.6 billion, up 5% from the prior year. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted expense by 2%. Operating income was $1.1 billion, down 2% from the first nine months of 2015. The impact of foreign currency translation was negligible. Adjusted operating income of $1.2 billion was down 1% from the prior year period. Moody's reported operating margin was 41.8% and its adjusted operating margin was 45.7%. The effective tax rate for the first nine months of 2016 was 31.5% down from 31.7% in the same period in 2015. In light of the strong third quarter performance coupled with continued expense management, we are increasing our full-year 2016 GAAP EPS guidance to a range of $4.76 to $4.86, which includes an anticipated non-cash foreign exchange gain of $0.18 related to a subsidiary reorganization, offset in part by a $0.04 restructuring charge. Excluding the gain on the restructuring charge, the non-GAAP EPS guidance range is now $4.62 to $4.72. I will turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Linda Huber: Thanks Ray. I will begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody's total revenue for the third quarter was $917 million, up 10% from the prior year period. U.S. revenue of $546 million was up 13% from the third quarter of 2015. Non-U.S. revenue of $371 million was up 5% and represented 40% of Moody's total revenue. The impact of foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted Moody's revenue by 1%. Recurring revenue of $460 million was up 3% and represented 50% of total revenue. Looking now at each of our businesses, starting with Moody's Investor Service. Total MIS revenue for the quarter $612 million, up 12% from the prior year period. U.S. revenue increased 11% to $391 million. Non-U.S. revenue of $221 million was up 13% to the prior year period and represented 36% of total ratings revenue. The impact of foreign currency translation on MIS revenue was negligible. Moving to the lines of business for MIS. First, global corporate finance revenue for the third quarter of $300 million was up 21% from the prior year period. This result primarily reflected higher levels of bank loan and speculative grade bond issuance. A strong investor demand and tighter credit spreads drove debt refinancing activities. U.S. and non-U.S. corporate finance revenues were up 16% and 32% respectively. Second, global structured finance revenue for the third quarter was $104 million, down 7% from the prior year period as reduced U.S. CMBS and CLO activity was only partially offset by increased U.S. RMBS and REIT activity. U.S. and non-U.S. structured finance revenues were down 9% and 4% respectively Third, global financial institutions' revenue of $96 million was up 7% from the prior year period as a result of increased Asian bank issuance. U.S. and non-U.S. financial institutions' revenues were up 2% and 11% respectively. Fourth, global public project and infrastructure finance revenues of $105 million was up 16% versus the prior year period, primarily driven by strong U.S. public finance issuance. U.S. public, project and infrastructure finance revenue was up 29% while non-U.S. revenue was down 8%. MIS other, which consists of non-trading revenue from ICRA in India and Korea Investor Service, contributed to $8 million to MIS revenue for the third quarter, up 4% from the prior year period. And turning now to Moody's Analytics, global revenue for MA of $305 million was up 6% from the third quarter of 2015. U.S. revenue of $154 million was up 19% year-over-year. Non-U.S. revenue of $150 million was down 4% and represented 49% of total MA revenue. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted MA revenue by 3%. Excluding revenue from our March 2016 acquisition of GGY, MA revenue grew 3%. Moving now to the lines of business for MA. First, global research data and analytics. Our RD&A revenue of $168 million was up 6% from the prior year period and represented 55% of total MA revenue. Growth was mainly driven by strong sales of credit research and ratings data feeds. U.S. RD&A revenue was up 14% while non-U.S. revenue was down 4%. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted RD&A revenue by 3%. Second, global enterprise risk solutions or ERS, revenue of $100 million was up 10% from last year. The growth was driven primarily by the March 2016 acquisition of GGY as well as growth in the credit assessment and stress testing product lines. The US ERS revenue was up 39% while non-U.S. revenue was down 3%. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted ERS revenue by 4%. Trailing 12-month revenue and sales for ERS increased 10% and 5% respectively. As we have noted in the past, due to the variable nature of project timing and completion, ERS revenue and sales remains subject to quarterly volatility. Third, global professional services revenue of $36 million was down 3% from the prior year period. U.S. professional services revenue was up 6% while non-U.S. revenue was down 7%. Turning now to expenses. Moody's third quarter expense was $520 million, up 7% from 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to additional headcount in MA to support business growth and from March acquisition of GGY, the restructuring charge and increased incentive compensation across the company. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted expense by 2%. Moody's reported operating margin increased 140 basis points to 43.3% in the third quarter and adjusted operating margin increased by 250 basis points to 47.8%. Moody's effective tax rate for the quarter was 30.5%, down from 32% in the third quarter of 2015. Now, I will provide an update on capital allocation. During the third quarter of 2016, Moody's repurchased 1.9 million shares at a total cost of $193 million or an average cost of $103 per share and issued 798,000 shares as part of its employee stock based compensation plans. Moody's also paid $71 million in dividends during the quarter. On October 18, Moody's announced a quarterly dividend of $0.37 per share of Moody's common stock payable December 12 to stockholders of record at the close of business on November 21. Over the first nine months of 2016, Moody's repurchased 7.1 million shares at a total cost of $679 million or an average cost of $95.51 per share and issued 2.7 million shares as part of its employee stock based compensation plan. Additionally, Moody's returned $215 million to its shareholders via dividend payments during the first nine months of 2016. Outstanding shares as of September 30, 2016 totals 191.2 million, down 3% from September 30, 2015. As of September 30, 2016, Moody's had $787 million of share repurchase authority remaining. At quarter-end, Moody's had $3.4 billion of outstanding debt and $1 billion of additional borrowing capacity under its commercial paper program which is backstopped by an undrawn $1 billion revolving credit facility. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at quarter-end were $2.1 billion with approximately 80% held outside the U.S. Free cash flow in the first nine months of 2016 was $772 million, down 7% from the first nine months of 2015, primarily due to lower net income. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Ray.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. Thanks Linda. As we disclosed in today's earnings release, on September 29 we received a letter from the Department of Justice indicating that it is preparing a civil complaint against Moody's alleging violations of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act in connection with ratings MIS assigned to RMBS and CDOs leading up to the 2008 financial crisis. As we have previously disclosed, following the global credit crisis of 2008, Moody's periodically received subpoenas and inquiries from various governmental authorities, including the DOJ and state's attorneys generals. The DOJ has advised us that their investigation remains ongoing and may expand to include additional periods. A number of state's attorneys generals have also indicated they expect to pursue similar claims under state law. Moody's is continuing to respond to the DOJ and states subpoenas and inquiries. As I hope you will appreciate, I am not going to be able to add anything beyond what I have just said and what we disclosed in our earnings release. I will conclude this morning's prepared remarks by discussing the changes to our full year guidance for 2016. The full list of Moody's guidance is included in our third quarter 2016 earnings press release, which can be found on the Investor Relations website at ir.moodys.com. Moody's current outlook for 2016 is based on assumptions about many geopolitical conditions and macroeconomic and capital market factors including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions, consumer borrowing and securitization and the amount of debt issued. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. Specifically, our forecast reflects exchange rates for the British pound of $1.30 to UKP 1 and for the Euro of $1.12 to EUR 1. Moody's third quarter movements in foreign exchange rates have had no meaningful impact on the full year 2016 outlook. As I noted earlier, Moody's is increasing its full year 2016 GAAP EPS guidance range to $4.76 to $4.86. Excluding the foreign exchange gain and restructuring charge I mentioned earlier, the non-GAAP EPS guidance range is now $4.62 to $4.72. The company now expects share repurchases to be approximately $750 million subject to available cash, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decisions. Capital expenditures are now expected to be approximately $120 million. For MIS, Moody's now expects 2016 revenue to be approximately flat reflecting increased guidance for non-U.S. MIS revenue which we also now expect to be approximately flat. U.S. revenue is still expected to be approximately flat. Corporate finance revenue is now expected to be approximately flat and structured finance revenue is now expected to decrease in the mid single-digit percent range. Financial institutions' revenue is now expected to increase in the low single-digit percent range. For Moody's Analytics, we are not anticipating any changes to the outlook items we provided on September 28, 2016. This concludes our prepared remarks and joining Lind and me for the question-and-answer session are Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics and Rob Fauber, President of Moody's Investor Service. We will be pleased to take any questions you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from Peter Appert from Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert: Good morning. So Linda, perhaps could you talk about what we should think about in terms of incremental legal costs, potentially on a near-term basis? And also how you think about the pace of buyback activity given the potential call on your cash?
Linda Huber: Sure, Peter. Good morning. We are not going to comment on incremental legal costs because as Ray said we have just received this piece of correspondence. Also, calls on our cash, we have said that we are going to repurchase $750 million of shares this year and so we will go from there. As you see on page 13 of the earnings release, we do have $2 billion of cash on hand and we do have our borrowing lines and CPA program.
Peter Appert: Sure. Got it. And then one other question, the guidance for 4Q would imply a bit slower operating environment. Can you just talk for a second about what influences you are thinking in that regard?
Linda Huber: Sure. Maybe we will turn that over to Rob.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. Peter, it's Ray. And I will let Rob comment on this in more detail, but I think the punch line is, we do think that some of the strength in the third quarter was pulled forward from the fourth quarter, We had a very strong close in late September and some of that issuance appears to have been opportunistically pulled into a very attractive issuance environment. Rob, I don't know if you have any more detail you can add to that.
Rob Fauber: That's right. And I think I would characterize, there is continued good market access here in the U.S. and we expect that will continue through the election and even potentially beyond. Selective access, I would say, in Europe and healthy issuance in Asia. And we have a healthy new mandate pipeline as well. But as Ray said, we have incorporated some potential volatility and fewer, what we call, [indiscernible] days in the fourth quarter into our thinking.
Peter Appert: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Tony Kaplan from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Tony Kaplan: Hi. Thanks so much for taking my question. Just wanted to ask about, just given the strong performance in corporate finance, any way to frame the pull forward that just discussed? How much was from fourth quarter? How much, maybe, from 2017? Or maybe just how much larger it was than you were expecting in third quarter?
Ray McDaniel: I think broadly speaking, we think the strength in the third quarter was pulled forward of near term issuance that would have been occurring probably in the fourth quarter and early in 2017 otherwise. Looking out into 2017, we think that issuing conditions are probably going to be attractive and that may encourage pull forward from 2018 and beyond. Part of the reason why we are optimistic about the current outlook for issuance conditions is driven by the fact that we think the default rate in the speculative grade arena is probably peaking right about now over the next month or so and it's going to moderate and come down, which should help spread. So even if official rates are moving up somewhat, we think there is an opportunity for spread tightening and an attractive issuance environment.
Tony Kaplan: Got it. And then on the margin side, MIS margins were strong. It seemed like that was mainly revenue flow through. Anything else to call out there? And then in MA, you have, I guess, margin contraction year-over-year for the last two quarters, partially because of the corporate allocation and things like that, but should we be expecting, I guess, similar contraction in MA margins in the fourth quarter? Thanks.
Linda Huber: Tony, thanks. This is Linda. You are right. MIS flow-through was helpful to us. You will note that we also called out continued expense control. And as you saw, we put $0.03 through in a restructuring charge. We are seeing good results from the cost controls that we have mentioned before. Those are particularly in effect for MIS and for shared services. And we feel that that's, as I said, starting to have an impact on our numbers, which is great. For Mark, who will comment in a minute, the unfortunate result of Mark's success is that he does get to carry more of the overhead burden and he will talk a little bit more about the margin outlook for his business.
Mark Almeida: Yes, Tony. Right, the MA margin was held down by the increased share of overhead allocation that we are getting this year. And also remember we have the GGY acquisition which is hitting us this year. So I can tell you that when we adjust for those things, the work that we do in looking at this on a pro forma basis and adjusting for the acquisition and assuming that we add the constant share of overhead expense, we see modest margin expansion so far this year.
Tony Kaplan: Terrific. Thanks guys.
Operator: We will take our next question from Tim McHugh from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Tim McHugh: Yes. Thanks. Ray, I just want to follow-up to the comments as you looked into 2017 and I guess also the comment about pull forward. You have talked before about the refinancing potential in 2017. Is that part of what you felt got pulled forward? Or was it really just timing within the quarters? I guess I am trying to think about that going into next year.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. As I mentioned, our belief is that it was more fourth quarter and maybe early 2017 issuance getting pulled into the third quarter. So I do not anticipate that we are going to see a large amount of 2017 refinancing, having already gone through in the third quarter of 2016. And again, if issuance conditions are as we are speculating, that is probably going to encourage pull forward out of 2018 and into 2017.
Tim McHugh: Okay. Thanks. And on ERS, the trailing 12-month sales numbers have kind of been in the mid single-digits for two quarters. I know there is the rolling 12-month number. So the different things to drop in and come out of that number. But I guess recent bookings, I would be curios for any more color there. Is it still supportive of thinking about that business as a double-digit organic kind of growth business as we go into next year? Or is new sales activity, is that more representative of what we should think about for ERS?
Ray McDaniel: No. Tim, I think it is. We do continue to think of this as a double-digit growth business particularly and recall what Steve talked about at Investor Day, particularly focusing on those areas of the business that we are really trying to drive, particularly around software licenses, software subscriptions and software maintenance. As we told you, we are de-emphasizing the implementation services business that low margin business that frankly we don't particularly want and don't particularly need given our market position now. So when we focus on the core aspects of the ERS business, we are seeing good strong bookings there, certainly in the double-digits and getting up towards the mid-teens.
Tim McHugh: When you say double-digits to mid-teens, is that for the total ERS? Or are you just saying the software piece is growing at that pace, but total practice revenue might be lower because you are not doing as much of the implementation?
Ray McDaniel: Correct. Yes. It would be the latter. Ignoring the sort of the flatness that we are seeing in the implementation services business and just looking at those parts of the business that we are emphasizing, that's where we are seeing the double-digit or mid teens type growth.
Tim McHugh: Okay. Thank you.
Ray McDaniel: Yes.
Operator: We will take our next question from Andre Benjamin from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Andre Benjamin: Thanks. Good morning. Just on the issuance side, as you talk to your capital markets, that counterparts to form the view about the pipeline on the potential forecasts. So maybe talk a little bit about the level of confidence or lack thereof that you are hearing from them around those ranges as they talk to their customers? And this is really more a question around talent, are they really confident in the baseline that comes from refi. M&A and those products, et cetera? Or do you sense a greater uncertainty relative to, say, a month or two ago, whatever timeframe you want to use as a reference?
Linda Huber: Sure. Andre, it's Linda. I will take a shot at this and I will talk about the views that we get from the various investment banks. The view, first will cover the U.S. and then outside the U.S., this will span financial and non-financial U.S. dollar issuance. Before I start that, though, I think the market is cheered by some larger M&A deal talk that has happened today and recently. So I think that tends to improve confidence. But let's go through these categories. Investment grade third quarter 2016 issuance was up 20%. Issuers are taking advantage of historically low rates and strong investor demand. We do expect, though, lighter periods of issuance expected in the fourth quarter because of the following three factors, earnings blackouts will continue through October, U.S. elections obviously are November 8 and the Federal Open Market Committee meetings are December 13 and 14. For full year 2016, we expect issuance in the year up 10%. you will recall that originally these projections had been for issuance to be sort of flat to down 10%. So this is better than had been anticipated at the beginning of the year. Yield third-quarter 2016 issuance was up 35% which is a very big number. There again, strong investor demand, good pricing and opportunistic issuance coming through, very favorable factors. Issuance volumes have moderated over the last two to three weeks as spec rate market activity has shifted in favor of loans, in other words shifting toward leverage loans versus bonds. And for the full year, we are expecting that the year will be down 5% on high yield, which is less bad than some of those initial indications had been back in January. Leverage loans third quarter 2016 issuance up 50%, a very large number. Leverage loan market continues to exhibit strength on the back of an opportunistic wave of refinancing activity and growing CLO issuance. Our CLO pipeline is very strong right now and full year 2016 issuance expected to end the year up 10%. Again, that's far more favorable than what was predicted at the beginning of the year. In Europe, investment grade ECB's purchasing program continues to underpin the market. DOE's purchase program also has officially begun and so you see a lot of U.S. corporates doing reverse Yankee issues over in Europe as a heavy component of the supply there in Europe. The high yield market is also accommodative for issuers and a large portion of deal flow is coming from refinancing activity. September of 2016, on the high yield front in Europe was second highest month on record. And we do have some caution driven by concerns around potentially ECB tapering and the timing and extent of any U.S. rate rises, some renewed speculation on the hard Brexit and its rhetoric and regional European referendums and elections coming up. So, I think, generally much better than we had expected. I think Rob might want to comment a little bit that we continue to see growing strength through the middle and the end of September which was perhaps a bit better than we had expected even at Investor Day. So Rob?
Rob Fauber: Yes. The only thing I might add to that, Linda, is that in the investment grade space, we have seen continued interest from foreign investors who were looking for yield. And it's interesting, when you look at the funds flow both in high yield while last week we saw a small outflow, the prior two weeks were almost $4 billion in inflows and over $11 billion in inflows year-to-date. Similarly on the bank loan side, that asset class has seen its 11th straight week of inflows and that's the longest streak since 2014 and almost $3 billion over the last 11 weeks. So I think that really supports the market technicals.
Linda Huber: Thanks. Andre, anything else we can do for you on that front
Andre Benjamin: No. That was it.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Warren Gardiner from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Warren Gardiner: Yes. Thank you. I was a little surprised to see the recurring revenues and ratings were down, I think, a couple of percentage points sequentially, just given the strong debt issuance you guys had this last quarter and of course this quarter as well. So just kind of wondering how to think about that into 4Q, especially given some of that strong issuance we had towards the end of the quarter?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. It was really a combination of a few factors. We had a couple of one-off items this quarter that negatively impacted 3Q recurring revenues. We also saw a little bit of softness in CP outstandings and that's due, I think, in part to some of the money market regulations and that in turn dampened the activity fees that show up as recurring revenue for us and we had a little bit of FX drag. So all that kind of contributed. If you exclude those items, that recurring revenue would have between 3%, 3.5%, which I think is fairly comparable to last quarter.
Warren Gardiner: Okay. Thanks. And then could you just remind me what your leverage cap is and where you guys stand today with respect to keeping your current rating and maybe where you could go and still maintain investment grade?
Linda Huber: Sure. Warren, it's Linda. I think we are pretty happy with our current leverage levels, given our ratings by other companies. We have some room but we are pretty comfortable with where we are right now. We do have, several people have noted a piece of debt coming due in 2017, we continue to take a look at that. That does have a call feature on it. And so we would have to look at the break-evens there. So we continue to watch that one. And we are, as you know, now able to issue CPs. We are paying some attention to that. That allows us to turn the dials a little bit more finely than a large public debt issuance, a term issuance might provide. So we will see, but we are pretty happy with where we are and we like our rating where it is. So really no change.
Warren Gardiner: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Manav Patnaik. Please go ahead.
Manav Patnaik: Yes. Good afternoon guys. Just on the insurance front, can you just touch on the structured outlook that you increased a bit? I think you talked obviously positively at the Investor Day. Was there anything incremental to that? Like was it Sprint spectrum bonds or whatever that's been coming to the market, just curious there?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. I mean probably the biggest contributor to the improved outlook is CLO activity. The pipeline for CLOs is quite strong right now. Rob, I don't know if there any other factors that you would point to?
Rob Fauber: Yes. That's right, Ray. We have seen a mix of some of these reset deals. The leverage lending market has obviously picked up and that supported greater supply in the market. And we have seen a good gradation bid for some of the CLO assets that supported that activity.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. And then, Mark, just in terms of the non-U.S. RD&A business that declined, just curious what's going on there?
Mark Almeida: Yes. One, we got crushed by FX. The pound took a beating and you are seeing that in the numbers. We also had kind of an odd ball one-ff last year in the third quarter, we had a strong third quarter last year, reflecting some one-off business that we had done, some large one off business that we have done in some of the smaller segments of RD&A and those didn't recur in the third quarter this year. So that's really what you are seeing there. But the underlying business continues to be quite strong .We feel very comfortable with where we are there.
Manav Patnaik: Do those one-offs continue? Or was that just this quarter's performance?
Mark Almeida: No. They were one-offs in the third quarter that were recognized in the third quarter of 2015. So we had kind of the lapping phenomenon.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. And then just broadly, I just want to understand how you guys define material information or materiality? Just trying to understand, because I presume after this request there is going be a lot of back and forth and I guess is that why you toned down the buyback program because I guess you are not allowed to do that while that's going on? Just curious on how we should think of that?
Mark Almeida: We currently have a programmatic repurchase plan in place that continues. When we come to renew that, we will look at all the appropriate conditions and information that we normally do in terms of renewal. So that's the story on the buyback.
Linda Huber: Yes. Manav, to extend a little further on that, we are operating our share repurchase program under a pre-existing 10b5-1 plan, as you know and we are in the market today and we will take a look. We said we think we will spend about $750 million this year and we are pretty happy with that. So I think that's about it.
Manav Patnaik: So the reduction in the buyback then, is that fair to assume it's from, I guess, the discretionary aspect of the buyback that you had to that 10b5-1?
Linda Huber: Yes. I think saying that we are going to do $750 million for this year is probably about what everybody needs to know in order to model that and we are pretty comfortable with where we are. We have reduced the share count from by 3% from last year of September, as we said in the script.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. All right. Thank you guys.
Operator: We will take our next question from Bill Warmington from Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Bill Warmington: Good afternoon everyone.
Ray McDaniel: Hi Bill.
Bill Warmington: And shout out to John Goggins, just when I thought I was out they pull me back in. The first question for you is on the strong Asian issuance. I just wanted to ask you if in terms of what you are seeing there, how much is going towards refinancing of the debt and whether you are seeing some portion of that go to fund some investment that could actually spur some growth?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. I mean a lot of the activity was coming from Chinese banks, asset management firms and of course there refinancing included in that, but I do think we are seeing new money issuance coming out of Asia. And yes, I would say all things being equal, that's a good sign for potential growth. Rob, I don't know if there is anything else to add to that?
Rob Fauber: Well, a little bit of a mix shift from on-shore borrowings to offshore in this quarter. Cross border issuance from the Chinese property sector, which had been going into the domestic markets a bit in the second quarter. We saw some of the big oil and gas corporates across APAC and some increased issuance from Australia and some healthy first mandate activity.
Bill Warmington: Yes. So the second question for you on margins. You talked at the Investor Day about a five-year target getting to the mid-40s for the operating margin. You had very strong flow through this past quarter. Potentially you have some higher legal expenses coming. I just wanted to bring that up as a question in terms of, does it change the trajectory of that margin target?
Linda Huber: Bill, it's Linda. We don't expect that it will change the trajectory. I think if we noted at Investor Day, we are being prudent about what we think for 2017 and 2018 margin expansion. I think we had noted, we expected that to be perhaps backend loaded over the next few years. And you are right, we do expect to get back to the mid-40s on the simple margin. I want to state very clearly that we have been very careful on our cost controls. An interesting thing for you to think about Bill, just looking at headcount growth year-over-year at the end of September, the rating agencies head count has grown only 1% and shared services headcount has grown only 1% from this time last year. We have invested in growth for Moody's Analytics, because that business is moving along really nicely, but we are being very cautious about what we are doing in terms of headcount growth because that's the major component of our expense increases, as you know. So we are being very cautious and legal expenses will fall as they do, but nothing that exciting to comment on there, other than that we are all being very careful about the pace of expenses.
Bill Warmington: Okay. Well, thank you very much for the insight.
Operator: We will take our next question from Vincent Hong from Autonomous. Please go ahead.
Vincent Hong: Hi. Sorry, the answer to this one is probably no, but any sense on timing on this DOJ stuff? Would you expect it to be as prolonged as what S&P experienced?
Ray McDaniel: We don't really have any information I can give you on that at this time.
Vincent Hong: Okay. Last one, how many new mandates did you get this quarter?
Ray McDaniel: About 225 to 227 new mandates. It was up from the second quarter and up from prior year.
Vincent Hong: Great. Thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from Joseph Foresi from Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Joseph Foresi: Hi. As you work through the planning for next year, what are some key areas of investment you are looking at? And is there any difference between what you are expecting in 2017 for investments versus 2016?
Linda Huber: Sure. Joe, it's Linda. It looks pretty much the same. We are looking to invest in technology to support what MIS is doing to ensure that our rating analysts are as efficient as they can be and that we are handling our regulatory requirements as efficiently as we can for those analysts. So that continues. We are pleased that perhaps that rate of technology spending might be largely having peaked in 2016. So we will have to see how that goes, but we don't have the forecast for 2017 baked yet fully. For Moody's Analytics, markets running a very nicely growing business and we will continue to invest in that business. And for the commercial operation for Moody's Investor Service, we want to be thoughtful about the ability to do business with us in a constructive way. So we might continue to invest there. But the investment outlook, I suspect we will look pretty much like it has. But again very cautious eye on expense control and we will talk more about potential for margin expansion for 2017 when we give guidance for 2017. But we would like to be able to show some margin expansion, but we are going to have to see. And I don't know if Ray or others of my colleagues want to comment any further on that.
Ray McDaniel: No. The only thing I would say is probably a notable variable would be, as we look at some of the international markets and market opening in some key emerging markets like China, if that occurs more quickly that might invite investment sooner. If it continues to be at the pace it has been at, we probably would accommodate that with the spending that that you have seen already.
Joseph Foresi: Got it. And as you run through economic variables for 2017, I know you talked about it potentially being a positive issuance environment, can you give us any early thoughts on what your expectations are for some of those variables like interest rates or others that could impact issuance in 2017?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. I mean at a macro level, just looking at GDP, the GDP growth is, I think we are anticipating it's going to stabilize, albeit at fairly low levels in the developed markets. So somewhere around 2% in the U.S. Less than that in Europe. And then for the G20 emerging markets, more in the 5% range. So, it's good in that there is growth in the key markets that we operate in, but it is not going to be fast-paced growth in our estimation. We would also expect to see a gradual normalization of monetary policy in the U.S., but I think that will be gradual. And we are going to continue to see accommodative monetary policy outside the U.S. So I think that's going to feature in continuation of low rates in a number of markets.
Joseph Foresi: Got it. And then just a last one from me. Can we get any updates on your outlook for Brexit in Europe? Thanks.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. It's going to be a continuing uncertainty, I think. There's a certain amount of rhetoric that is contributing to the uncertainty. I think the rhetoric may be a bit stronger than the reality when we finally see what kind of negotiations go into the divorce and re-marriage in Europe with the U.K. But the reason I say I think we are in for some prolonged uncertainty is really driven by just the political timing with elections in key countries throughout next year and I think that's going to impact the pace at which negotiations can be conducted. Those countries include the Netherlands, France, Germany. So we will probably see more progress late next year then we will early in the year.
Joseph Foresi: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Alex Kramm from UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm: Yes. Hi, good morning. I heard your comments on DOJ obviously, but I will ask my question anyway just hopefully broad enough that you can answer it. Two questions, actually. So one, when I read your disclosure this morning you mentioned FIRREA, you mentioned RMBS and you mentioned CDOs which sound fairly consistent with what S&P has settled on. So you have studied, I am sure, their case very details. So any anything in the latter that you saw that suggest that it's a different scope or beyond the scope or less of a scope? And then secondly, maybe just can you just remind us, you have been very strong on not settling cases in the past. You have settled a few. So maybe just a general view and how that has evolved the last few years as you have seen some of these cases? Thank you.
Ray McDaniel: No. I don't think it would be appropriate for me to comment on this at this point. The disclosure we made was based on the letter we received and that's about as much as I can say. And I do understand the curiosity and I realize it's probably frustrating for me to keep referring you back to our disclosures. But I think that's the most appropriate course.
Alex Kramm: Fair enough. I get it. Secondly, somebody brought up the Sprint deal that just went off this week. Rob, maybe this is for you. Any more detail you can give us in terms of, do you think this is something new? And do you think another the pipeline of deals like this could go off? And by the way, is this captured in IG or is this a structure deal? How does it work from a financial perspective?
Rob Fauber: Yes. I am not sure I would say this is a trend. This was one particular transaction. This wasn't in the structured area. We have seen some esoteric types of transactions. We have seen your handset transactions and so on. So there's some of that kind of activity going on. But I am not sure that what spread that would be a trend.
Alex Kramm: All right. And then just lastly, real quick for Linda. You mentioned the expenses a few times. I think every quarter you have updated us on the ramp you expect. Can you just give us, I know there is only one quarter left but can you just give us your latest and greatest in terms of absolute dollars and how that's changed over the course of the year? Thank you.
Linda Huber: Sure, Alex. We had said the expense ramp from the first quarter to the fourth quarter will be $25 million to $35 million and we expect that that will hold maybe towards the higher end of the range.
Alex Kramm: All right. Fantastic. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jeff Silber from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Silber: Thanks so much. In the release you talked a little bit about increasing incentive compensation across the company. Can you just give us a little bit more color? Is that something we should expect to continue going forward?
Linda Huber: Sure, Jeff. Incentive compensation for the third quarter, we did have to take up a bit. In fact that incentive compensation was about $43 million and that ran ahead of the second quarter of $35.6 million and also ahead of last year's $32.9 million. So given the strong performance particularly at MIS, we have had to accrue about $10 million of additional incentive compensation which did offset some of the other cost savings that we had. Going forward for the fourth quarter, this is a bit of a wild card. I would model about $40 million is probably a reasonable number, but we could break a few million dollars either below that or above that.
Jeff Silber: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And I am sorry to go back to the DOJ issue, but can you tell us what the reserve policy has been? What you have reserved against cases similar to this? And also, historically what insurance would reimburse you for typically for these, if there are any settlements? Thanks.
Linda Huber: Sure. Just quickly and then Ray will comment. U.S. GAAP, we can't reserve for anything that is not probable or estimable and since we don't have any information on that front, we can't have any reserves on this matter. Also we do have insurance coverage, but we are not going to comment on that either. And I will see if Ray has anything further to add.
Ray McDaniel: No, I don't on those items.
Jeff Silber: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Craig Huber from Huber Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Craig Huber: Yes. Thank you. Linda, the restructuring charge you guys took in the quarter, it's been quite some time since last time you did that. Can you just give us a little more detail what part of the company that's pertaining to please?
Linda Huber: Sure. The restructuring charge was modest, $8 million and change. We don't do that too often. As we have said before, we are watching expenses particularly carefully. And I think I commented earlier on what we are doing with headcount management, both in MIS and shared services. So I think, Craig, it's fair to say that most of that restructuring charge accrued to shared services and to MIS.
Ray McDaniel: And it was in multiple areas, modest actions in multiple areas.
Craig Huber: Okay. And then Ray, towards the outlook for structured finance, just as we think out over the next six-plus months, maybe RMBS, CMBS, what are some of your sort of outlook there and the underlying factors that might drive it materially better or worse than we have seen in recent quarters?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. Rob may want to comment on this, but what I would look for really is how some of the work being done to structure transactions in light of the risk retention rules and efforts being made to try and create structures that are still economically attractive and comply with those rules is going to be the big variable going into 2017. We have begun to see some ideas and actions around how to address the risk retention rules. But again, we just have to watch and see what the range is what the banks ultimately land on.
Rob Fauber: The only thing I might add to that, Ray, is so we have a healthy CMBS pipeline. You asked about CMBS, right now as issuers are looking to get in front of the risk retention deadline. So while January could be a bit light, I think we will see debt issuance in the first half of 2017 in CMBS supported by this upcoming maturity wall that we can see.
Craig Huber: I was also going to ask about maturity wall on the corporate finance side here data you showed increased this over the next four years. Ray, just remind us, in the transaction revenues for the corporate loan historically, what's the general range of how much that business historically comes from refinancing?
Ray McDaniel: Rob, do you have the --
Rob Fauber: I think we said at Investor Day for U.S. and European fundamental, which is what we shared, I think it was in the 35% of transaction revenue.
Ray McDaniel: 30% to 40%.
Rob Fauber: In that ramp.
Ray McDaniel: Yes.
Craig Huber: Okay. Great. Whatever your litigation costs are in the fourth quarter, I assume that's obviously embedded in your outlook here for your costs for the full year, right?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. Our legal costs are included in our outlook, yes.
Craig Huber: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ashley Serrao from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ashley Serrao: Good afternoon. I just want to first clarify the messaging on expenses here. In face of elevated litigation costs, is the message that there isn't a lot you can do on the incentive front in the near term or accelerating some of the future expense talked about at the Analyst Day? Or given this letter, are you reevaluating some additional levers you can pull?
Ray McDaniel: Just to adjust the premise of the question, we have not said that we have increased litigation costs. We have not commented on that.
Linda Huber: Yes. Ashley, it's Linda. We will continue with our expense plans. The guidance for the remainder of the year includes everything that we can see right now. Again, we are being very cautious, particularly on headcount. We are being very thoughtful on the businesses and the support services that have had perhaps more challenging conditions earlier this year. But we are continuing on doing what we are doing. The conditions in the business, both of the businesses are very good. The third quarter was quite strong, as you can see, record MIS revenue in the third quarter. So we are going to keep doing what we are doing and in early February, we will give guidance for 2017.
Ashley Serrao: Okay. And I don't know if you can answer this, but I am going to try. So how should we think about the maximum settlement you can fund today given your U.S. liquidity sources without having to repatriate foreign cash?
Ray McDaniel: No. As we said, we have commented to the extent that we feel is appropriate in our disclosures already.
Ashley Serrao: Okay. And then just final question, what's you view and current appetite to do M&A as long as these investigations continue?
Ray McDaniel: Well, we have been engaged in M&A activity on a regular basis. I think we would continue to look for attractive assets to acquire. So I don't see any change in our thinking or behavior going forward than what you have seen in recent years.
Ashley Serrao: Okay. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: I would like to turn the conference back over to Ray for additional remarks.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. I just want to thank everybody for joining us and we look forward to speaking with you again in the New Year. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes Moody's third quarter 2016 earnings call. As a reminder, a replay for this call will be available after 3:30 PM Eastern on Moody's IR website. Thank you very much.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-22 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Sallilyn Schwartz - Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Robert Fauber - President - Moody's Investors Service Mark E. Almeida - President, Moody's Analytics, Inc.
Analysts: Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC Timothy J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs & Co. Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker) Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Douglas Middleton Arthur - Huber Research Partners LLC Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Ashley Neil Serrao - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Moody's Corporation Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded, and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Sallilyn Schwartz - Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's second quarter 2016 results as well as our current outlook for full year 2016. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications. This morning, Moody's released its results for the second quarter of 2016 as well as our current outlook for full year 2016. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Moody's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission's website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Salli. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's second quarter and year-to-date 2016 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. I will then conclude with comments on our current outlook for 2016. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. In the second quarter, Moody's revenue of $929 million increased 1% from the second quarter of 2015, despite a challenging year-on-year comparable. Moody's Analytics delivered its 34th consecutive quarter of revenue growth, while Moody's Investors Service attained its second highest quarterly revenue ever, only surpassed by its performance in the same period last year. Operating expense for the second quarter was $519 million, up 4% in the second quarter of 2015. Operating income was $410 million, a 2% decline from the prior-year period. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted operating income by 1%. Adjusted operating income, defined as operating income before depreciation and amortization, was $441 million, down 1% from the same period last year. Operating margin for the second quarter of 2016 was 44.2%. The adjusted operating margin was 47.5%. Diluted earnings per share of $1.30 was up 2% from the prior year period. Turning to year-to-date performance, Moody's revenue for the first half of 2016 was $1.7 billion, a decline of 2% from the prior-year period. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, revenue declined 1%. Revenue of Moody's Investors Service was $1.2 billion, a decline of 7% from 2015. Revenue of Moody's Analytics was $594 million, 10% higher than the prior-year period. Operating expense in the first half of 2016 was $1 billion, up 4% from the prior period. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, operating expense was up 6%. Operating income of $714 million was down 10% from the first half of 2015. The impact of foreign currency translation was negligible. Adjusted operating income of $775 million was down 8% from the prior-year period. Moody's reported operating margin was 40.9% and its adjusted operating margin was 44.4%. The effective tax rate for the first half of 2016 was 32.1%, up from 31.5% from the prior-year period. Despite a good second quarter, we have modestly reduced certain elements of our revenue guidance due to our more cautious outlook for issuance outside the U.S. following the British referendum to leave the European Union and the expected negative impact of foreign currency translation. As a result, we expect to be at the lower end of our $4.55 to $4.65 EPS guidance range. I'll now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Ray. I'll begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody's total revenue for the second quarter was $929 million, up 1% from the prior-year period. U.S. revenue of $546 million was flat to the second quarter of 2015. Non-U.S. revenue of $383 million was up 3% and represented 41% of Moody's total revenue. The impact of foreign currency translation on MCO revenue was negligible. Recurring revenue of $467 million was up 6% and represented 50% of total revenue. Looking now at each of our businesses, starting with Moody's Investors Service, total MIS revenue for the quarter was $626 million, down 2% from the prior-year period, but up 19% from the first quarter. U.S. revenue declined 3% to $399 million while non-U.S. revenue of $227 million was flat to the prior period and represented 36% of total Ratings revenue. The impact of foreign currency translation on MIS revenue was negligible. Moving to the lines of business for MIS, first, global corporate finance revenue of $305 million in the second quarter was down 5% from the prior-year period. This result primarily reflected lower levels of U.S. speculative grade and Asian investment grade issuance despite increased activity from the first quarter. U.S. and non-U.S. corporate finance revenues were down 4% and 6% respectively. Second, global structured finance revenue for the second quarter was $112 million, down 8% from the prior-year period, as reduced U.S. CLO and CMBS activity was only partially offset by increased European structured finance activity. U.S. structured finance revenue was down 16%, while non-U.S. revenue was up 14%. Third, global financial institutions revenue of $90 million was down 1% from the prior-year period. U.S. financial institutions revenue was up 7%, while non-U.S. revenue was down 7%. Fourth, global public, project and infrastructure finance revenue of $112 million was up 12% versus the prior-year period, primarily as a result of increased global infrastructure-related issuance. U.S. and non-U.S. public, project and infrastructure finance revenues were up 11% and 16% respectively. MIS Other, which consists of non-rating revenues from ICRA in India and Korea Investors Service contributed $7 million to MIS revenue for the second quarter, down 10% from the prior-year period. And turning now to Moody's Analytics, global revenue for MA of $303 million was up 9% from the second quarter of 2015. U.S. revenue of $147 million was up 10% year-over-year. Non-U.S. revenue of $156 million was up 8% and represented 52% of total MA revenue. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted MA revenue by 1%. Excluding revenue from our March 2016 acquisition of GGY, MA revenue grew 6%. Moving now to the lines of business for MA, first, global research, data and analytics, or RD&A, revenue of $168 million was up 7% from the prior-year period and represented 55% of total MA revenue. Growth was mainly due to the strength in the sales of credit research and ratings data feeds. U.S. and non-U.S. RD&A revenue was each up 7%. Second, global enterprise risk solutions or ERS revenue of $98 million was up 17% from last year. The growth was driven primarily by the acquisition of GGY as well as growth across all product lines, with particular strength from regulatory and risk measurement product revenues. U.S. and non-U.S. ERS revenues were up 21% and 15% respectively. Trailing 12-month revenue and sales for ERS increased 11% and 6% respectively. As we've noted in the past, due to the variable nature of project timing and completion, ERS revenue and sales remain subject to quarterly volatility. Third, global professional services revenue of $38 million was down 2% from the prior-year period. This result was primarily due to the impact of customer attrition identified last year as well as the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange on the credentials and licensing business. U.S. professional services revenue was flat to the prior-year period, while non-U.S. revenue was down 3%. Turning now to expense, Moody's second quarter expense was $519 million, up 4% from 2015. The increase was primarily due to higher compensation costs in MA, reflecting additional head count to support business growth and the acquisition of GGY. MIS expense was down slightly compared to the prior-year period. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted expense by 2%. As Ray noted, Moody's reported operating margin and adjusted operating margin were 44.2% and 47.5% respectively for the second quarter. Moody's effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.9%, up from 30.4% in the second quarter of 2015. Now, I'll provide an update on capital allocation. During the second quarter of 2016, Moody's repurchased 2.3 million shares at a total cost of $224 million or an average cost of $96.60 per share and issued 249,000 shares as part of its employee stock-based compensation plans. Moody's also paid $72 million in dividends during the quarter and, on July 12, announced quarterly dividend of $0.37 per share of Moody's common stock payable September 12 to stockholders of record at the close of business on August 22. Over the first half of 2016, Moody's repurchased 5.2 million shares at a total cost of $486 million or an average cost of $92.83 per share. The company also returned $144 million to its shareholders by dividend payments during the same period. Outstanding shares as of June 30, 2016, totaled 192 million, down 4% from June 30, 2015. As of June 30, 2016, Moody's had $1 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. At quarter end, Moody's had $3.4 billion of outstanding debt and $1 billion of additional debt capacity available under its revolving credit facility. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at quarter end were $2 billion with approximately 78% held outside the U.S. Free cash flow in the first six months of 2016 was $475 million, down 14% from the first six months of 2015, primarily due to lower net income. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Ray.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Linda. I'll conclude this morning's prepared comments by discussing changes to our full-year guidance for 2016. A full list of Moody's guidance is included in our second quarter 2016 earnings press release, which can be found on the Moody's Investor Relations website at ir.moodys.com. Moody's current outlook for 2016 is based on assumptions about many geopolitical conditions and macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability, business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions, consumer borrowing and securitization, and the amount of debt issued. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty, and results for the full year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. Specifically, our forecast reflects exchange rates for the British pound of $1.34 to £1 and for the euro of $1.11 to €1. Based on our current business mix, the annualized impact of a $0.01 decline in the euro against the U.S. dollar equals approximately a $0.01 decline in our annualized EPS. On the other hand, a $0.01 decline in the British pound against the U.S. dollar has a minimal impact to EPS. As I noted earlier, Moody's is reaffirming our full-year 2016 EPS guidance of $4.55 to $4.65 and expects to be toward the lower end of the range. Moody's full-year 2016 revenue is still expected to increase in the low-single-digit percent range. Moody's operating expense is still expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. For MIS, Moody's now expects 2016 revenue to decrease in the low-single-digit percent range, reflecting reduced guidance for our non-U.S. MIS revenue, which we now also expect to decrease in the low-single-digit percent range. U.S. revenue is still expected to decrease in the low-single-digit percent range. Structured finance revenue is now expected to decrease in the high-single-digit percent range. For MA, 2016 revenue is now expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. U.S. revenue is still expected to increase in the low-double-digit percent range, while non-U.S. revenue is now expected to increase in the low-single-digit percent range. Before we move to the Q&A, I would like to highlight three items, including investment we made earlier this week in Korea, an award won by MIS and the launch of a new MA product. On Monday, Moody's announced that it acquired full ownership of Korea Investors Service, or KIS, a leading provider of domestic credit ratings in Korea. Moody's and KIS have had a longstanding and productive relationship since 2001. We believe that an even closer partnership and continued investment in the business will enable us to capitalize on the opportunities for growth and better serve the market in Korea. The acquisition is not expected to have a significant impact on Moody's earnings per share for 2016 and has been funded from international cash on hand. Additionally, MIS was voted Best Credit Rating Agency in a 2016 poll of the U.S. fixed income investors, conducted by the publisher, Institutional Investor. This is the fifth year in a row that MIS has won this award. I appreciate the market's recognition of our efforts, and I applaud the accomplishments of our MIS colleagues. And finally, yesterday, we announced the launch of Moody's Analytics Risk Quality score, or MARQ, a tool to help private companies understand their credit profile and support bank lending to small businesses. The MARQ score and the related web portal are a result of our collaboration with Finagraph, a financial technology company, in which we made a minority investment earlier this year. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining Linda and me for the question-and-answer session are Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics; and Rob Fauber, President of Moody's Investors Service. We'd be pleased to take any questions that you might have.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go first to Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Hello, everyone. So just coming back to your guidance for a minute here, going through the earnings cycle for the banks, they sounded (16:57) fairly constructive on DCM, rates have trended slower or are low, credit spreads are still pretty reasonable. And I guess we're getting pretty close to the refi pipeline here. So, just wondering like with everything seemingly looking a little bit better at least from our seat, where are you seeing that incremental-like weakness to make you more conservative? So, is there anything else you can add would be great?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. As we said in the prepared remarks, it's really uncertainty about international issuance activity that's driving a somewhat more cautious outlook. And I would have to add that since the Brexit vote on June 23, we haven't seen much activity in international issuance. Average daily issuance volumes are down in really all key markets except for U.S. investment grade. That being said, the timing of the vote does coincide with a seasonal decline in issuance that we typically see in July and August, especially again in the euro market. So trying to assess, at this point, the decrease in issuance as a result of uncertainty about the Leave vote versus normal seasonal factors actually is a bit difficult. So, hopefully, we are being more cautious than we need to be, but that's what's influencing our thinking, and we also think it's going to have an impact outside the corporate sector in structured finance. So, that's really what's informing our views at this point.
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Alex, I'll go through the normal views on each of the segments that we talk about and then I will ask Rob Fauber to comment a little bit further on your question. So we'll put up now the slide that talks about our usual views from investment bank and capital markets economists. And the points here cover both financial and non-financial U.S. dollar issuance, and their ways of counting things may not align with our revenue categorization. But looking at U.S. investment grade, the market has been quite resilient post-Brexit. All-in yields are below previous record lows, the 10 year is at 1.59% (19:27) this morning and spreads are quite attractive. M&A-related financing continues to be a strong driver. Favorable market conditions are expected to encourage opportunistic issuance post-earnings blackout. So as Ray said, this is typically a slow period. And full-year estimated issuance forecasts range from flat to up 10%. High-yield new issuance in Q2 was the strongest it's been in a year, but we expect it to see that given that the Brexit situation had backed up that market a bit. We expect as we move forward in the year, the issuance windows may be shorter, so again the risk-on, risk-off phenomenon. Full-year issuance forecasts range from down 10% to down 20%. Leverage loans, we are pleased to see CLO issuance has started to reemerge, $30 billion of issuance in CLOs year-to-date. The pipeline is categorized as modest, and full-year 2016 estimated issuance forecasts range from down 10% to down 20%. Looking at Europe, record low coupons as the ECB's corporate buying program continues to help the market and keep the yield flow. U.S. corporate are seeing value in moving to Europe and we expect that to continue throughout the rest of the year. And supply slowed as we've entered the traditional summer period and many issuers came to market before the Brexit vote on June 23. European high-yield, the markets reopened after a period of muted (20:55) issuance following the Brexit vote, but again issuance windows are going to be shorter due to the macroeconomic view and the summer slowdown. And investors are moving down to speculative grade securities to search for yield given the low prevailing yield climate right at the moment. So with that backdrop, I'll ask Rob if he wants to speak a little bit further about how we came to this view on MIS' components and guidance. Rob?
Robert Fauber - President - Moody's Investors Service: Yeah. Thanks, Ray and Linda. I think that covers it well. The only thing I would add to that, as Linda said, we've seen a rebound post Brexit vote. We went a couple of weeks where we had very little issuance. The first activity we saw was from the U.S. investment grade market. We saw Teva (21:45) deal very well received recently. We've seen a pickup then in the U.S. high-yield, European investment grade markets. And this week, as Linda mentioned, we've seen some activity in the European high-yield market. So we have resumed issuance activity. I would say we just balanced out with, as Linda said, the potential for some headline risk in these risk-on, risk-off windows as we go through the year. I think the greatest sensitivity to those windows will be in European leveraged finance.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: All right, great. Thanks for the lengthy answer. I just have one more quick, since you mentioned Brexit several times here. Just wondering how you're thinking about the Brexit impact when you think about your business right now. So, is this say while the eurozone is going to be in a little bit of a maybe slower growth environment or are there particular technicalities that you need to think about like is the market structurally different post Brexit or will it be when we actually finally get there? And then what do you think in terms of your business, in terms of moving people around, anything that you might have to change on your end?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think we are anticipating what you might characterize as a soft landing, but there is still going to be some structural change even with a soft landing. So we're not anticipating significant contagion effect throughout the rest of the EU or the eurozone. But we do recognize that assuming Brexit moves forward, and we are assuming it will, that we are going to – there're going to have to be negotiations as far as the depth of participation of the UK in the European market and that's going to affect really a number of firms, particularly in the financial services, financial institutions sector. And we will make appropriate decisions for ourselves and for Moody's, as decisions are being made in terms of the nature of the UK's participation in the European economy on a going forward basis. We really can't do anything until we see some more clarity around those decisions. And so we are obviously attentive and we are preparing for a variety of outcomes, but nothing that I would tell you is on the near-term horizon in terms of changes in our business or how we are approaching the business in Europe.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Fantastic. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim McHugh with William Blair.
Timothy J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks. I guess just wanted to know if you could talk a little bit more, maybe Linda or Ray, I guess, on the expense management. You had talked about $50 million of kind of adjustments you made last quarter. Can you talk about there? And then also just with Moody's Analytics, can you elaborate what the higher compensation or kind of additional staff exactly, I guess what type of staff. Is it R&D, salespeople, I guess what they're investing in?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I'll let Linda tackle the expense question and then maybe we can turn it over to Mark on the MA side.
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. Tim, this is a little tricky to follow. So let me try to lay this out and I'm going to need a paragraph or two here to explain this appropriately. So, last quarter, we told you we've lowered our projected base business spending for the year by about $50 million, and we commented on that that had come from expense management actions and reduced incentive compensation. So, that was $50 million in reduction, which was great. But those savings were entirely offset by the addition of the GGY acquisition, operating expenses and the negative impact of foreign currency translation. So we were down $50 million, but $50 million came back from GGY and FX. Now since last quarter, we've done better with our cost savings than we thought we would. And additionally, we expect less negative impact from FX. So while we still have the partial offset from adding GGY's expenses, we now think we're going to be about $20 million in lower expenses versus the zero net income impact before. So we continue to work on this. We're very committed to ensuring that our expenses are in the right place, but again the nature of the company is that we can't reduce things immediately given a more challenging revenue quarter like we had in the first quarter, but we do think we've made good progress on bending the curve and moving the run rate, which we'll continue to show you, but probably more heavily in the fourth quarter than the third quarter. So I hope that's thorough enough for you, and sorry, it's not a particularly simple explanation. Does that work for you, Tim?
Timothy J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah. That's great.
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks.
Timothy J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: And then Mark...
Mark E. Almeida - President, Moody's Analytics, Inc.: Yeah. A couple of things, Tim. First, we added a number of people as a result of the GGY acquisition. So, that's the lion share of the head count adds that we've had thus far this year, but we continue to add to support the growth in the business. We've added some additional sales capacity. We're continuing to do that. We've also added some software engineers and product development people because we've got a number of new product development initiatives underway that will be coming to market as we move into next year. So it's, I would characterize other than the GGY adds, a kind of business as usual, as we continue to build out the business.
Timothy J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Then just a follow-up, Mark, as long as I have you. The new sales-type activity for the ERS business, I know you guys give the trailing 12-month number of 6%, but I think similar to last quarter, you've got a pretty tough comp somewhere in the trailing 12-month. So kind of the new pace of activity, can you give us any sort of color in terms of how the trend line is (28:15)?
Mark E. Almeida - President, Moody's Analytics, Inc.: Yeah. I'd say the trend is good. It's consistent with our expectations. I think the difference we're seeing this year compared with where we were in the first half of last year is that last year, early in the year, we had an unusually large number of very large transactions, multi-million dollar transactions, we had a number of those. And we haven't seen a similar number of similarly large transactions this year. So the pace of closing contracts continues to be quite good, but the average size of the contracts is smaller just because of the absence of some of those very outsized deals that we did last year. But the pipeline is very healthy and again consistent with our expectations. So we feel good about where we are.
Timothy J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Is there any change in the market that explains the lack of the larger deals or is it just the timing, I mean...?
Mark E. Almeida - President, Moody's Analytics, Inc.: I think it's idiosyncratic to customers in specific situations. I don't think there is anything fundamentally different about the market or demand for what we're doing. It was – I think the unusual thing frankly is what we saw in the early part of last year and those – just having a number of very large transactions. It's typical for us to get a very big multi-million dollar – sort of north of $5 million deal from time to time. We just had a big concentration of those last year.
Timothy J. McHugh - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you. Good afternoon. Linda, just to close the loop on the expense update. So should we think about that incremental $20 million as, I guess what I'm trying to get to is last quarter you gave us that ramp from the first quarter to fourth quarter. Should that just be $20 million less then?
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Manav, let me talk to a little bit about the ramp, because we do have an update on that. We had said $35 million to $45 million ramp for 2016 and that was from Q1 to Q4, as I said. We now expect the ramp to be lower from $25 million to $35 million. That's the result of reduced cost savings, lower bonus funding and favorable FX.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. Fair enough. Just on the – you explained the international situation and the potential uncertainty there. I guess I just wanted to revisit the structured side of the market a bit. I think last quarter, we had – well I guess, you guys posed a question on whether maybe this was structural or cyclical. I was just wondering if you guys had any updated thoughts on where the structured market sits there today.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I'll let Rob comment on this in more detail. But as we observed earlier in the year, we think a lot of what's happening in structured market is cyclical, but there are some elements that could be structural depending on how market participants sort out the economics of some asset classes, as the risk retention rules change. Also we had a strong second quarter in structured in Europe and we will have to see how that plays out in the second half of the year, because some of that strength was concentrated in the UK mortgage sector and we'll have to see how that sector responds to what's been happening on the political side. But I don't know, if Rob has anything else he wants to add on that.
Robert Fauber - President - Moody's Investors Service: Yeah, Ray, I agree with that and I think we did see a significant uptick in activity in the second quarter relative to the first quarter in CMBS in addition to sorting out some of the risk retention issues and I think there was a slowdown in conduit lending earlier in the year that dampened the pipeline a bit. That will be supported on an ongoing basis by the refi wall and I think a regulatory focus by the banks – on bank commercial real estate exposures. CLO, we saw a very strong activity towards the end of the quarter, supported by more availability of newly issued loans in the United States. And we do think we saw some Brexit pull-forward. So I think the pipeline may moderate a little bit going forward. And overall, I think we are saying that the market is trying to work through some of these risk retention requirements and I think we will see that in the back half of the year.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Just one more from me. I mean maybe I haven't noticed before, but I guess pointing out the new product introduction, I guess the MARQ score that you referred to. Is there any – like how should we think about, is that a big market opportunity or was that just a policy? I'm not sure, I'm just trying to understand it is something we should think about in terms of that launch?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. I think it's really – it's not that it's an outsize opportunity that we're anticipating, but really it's one of the early results of our investment with Finagraph and our ability to partner in product development. So we wanted to point that out and in particular because it addresses a part of the market that some of our traditional products really aren't (34:05) focused on in terms of smaller businesses.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, all right. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Thank you. We'll continue on to Andre Benjamin with Goldman Sachs.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. I guess I'll follow up first on the ERS business just to clarify. It sounds like the way we should think about the progression of revenue through the rest of the year is that the third quarter should be pretty stable relative to the first two quarters and then you still get the seasonal pickup in the fourth quarter of the year or should we actually see a bit of a dip, given you don't have the big contracts coming through?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. You should expect a dip, Andre, because keep in mind, we're guiding in ERS to top line growth in the high-single-digits and obviously we're running well above that thus far this year. Recall that we had that big, very big pull-forward in the fourth quarter of last year. And so our original guidance this year – when we did our fourth quarter earnings call, our original top line guidance for ERS was low-single-digits. We took that up to high-single-digits at the end of the first quarter after we did the GGY acquisition. So our expectations for this year were fairly modest growth in ERS relative to our historical growth rates because of that big pull-forward we had at the end of last year.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And then I guess just to revisit the topic of international partnerships and how things are maturing in some of more emerging opportunities in China and India, and other significant long-term opportunities. Is there any update on conversations around where you see additional opportunities to get more share there or how those markets are maturing for issuance? That would be great.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Sure. With respect to India, the business that we're doing through ICRA is growing nicely. It's meeting our expectations for when we took majority control of ICRA. I think China is a different story in the sense that really not much has developed on the policy and regulatory side in recent months, but we have seen defaults occurring in the Chinese market. And you may recall, we've talked about this before that how that market evolves in terms of the willingness to allow credit problems to be revealed in the market rather than protected whether through the banking system or the government. It's going to be important for the role of particularly credit ratings that we're offering, but also our research. So I'm not obviously rooting for any companies to default, but in terms of a market structure development, I think it's promising to see that distressed companies are being allowed to fail. So, that's a promising development.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go to Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Thanks. Good morning. So, Linda, can you give us a little bit of commentary on what you're seeing and what you're expecting in terms of the operating margins for the two segments? I'm noticing that the MIS margin is relatively flat year-to-year, which is pretty impressive given the revenue pressure, the Analytics margin, though (38:17), continue to be relatively soft. I know some of that is GGY, but are there other factors you would call out?
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. Peter, you're correct regarding GGY and from – Mark will comment on this in a moment. But as MARQ's contribution to revenue or Moody's Analytics' contribution to revenue is now 33%, up from last year's 31%. MA finds itself in the position of attracting more overhead because of the revenue split. So, that is one factor that makes us a little tougher for the margin to climb in the MA business. Beyond that, I'll let Mark comment a little future on what he is seeing.
Mark E. Almeida - President, Moody's Analytics, Inc.: Yes, that's absolutely right, Linda. We've got two things hitting the margin. We've got the GGY acquisition. And the dynamics there are that in this year, we are getting more expense than revenue not because it's not a profitable business, but just because of the accounting treatment of the acquired revenue. We take a haircut on that in this year and we've got the integration costs associated with the acquisition as well as some deal costs. So we've got – it's certainly dilutive to the margin this year from the GGY acquisition. And then we've also got the point that Linda made about our attracting more corporate overhead, as our share of total MCO revenue goes up. If you adjust for those two things, you'd actually see some modest margin improvement in MA. So, certainly all of the work that we're doing and the plans that we have to achieve margin expansion in MA are in place. We continue to move forward on those. We like the progress we're making. So from an operational perspective, we feel very good about where we are. It's just the way the numbers move around. It's difficult to see that on the P&L in the short run.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Any change, Mark, in terms of your expectations around being able to get to mid-20%s margins and any update in terms of timeframe?
Mark E. Almeida - President, Moody's Analytics, Inc.: No. No. It's still – that's still our plan. We've got a whole operating plan around that. As that, as you know, is largely an ERS project and it's still very much the plan for the business.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. And, Peter, just to emphasize, this is also being exacerbated by the fact that MIS is in a soft period in terms of revenue growth. So, as MIS resumes its growth trajectory, growth pattern that we've seen historically, there will be a more favorable treatment of overhead for Moody's Analytics.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): That's helpful. Thank you. And, Linda, can I ask you one other thing, on the stock buyback front, so you've been repurchasing shares, your cash outlay for share repurchase has exceeded free cash flow in recent years, so the debt level has obviously gone up. I'm wondering how you're thinking about this over the next couple of years in terms of your comfort level with continuing to move the leverage ratio up.
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure, Peter. We're quite comfortable with the leverage level that we have right now. Obviously, maintaining our rating is very important. That's critical to us. We're being very thoughtful about this because operating cash flow based on net income is down a bit this year. So we've got to be thoughtful about that, but I think we will attempt to stay in the sort of range where we have been. We'll give guidance in February about the actual number for next year, but I think around this neighborhood of $1 billion seems to feel pretty good for us. We'll have to look at it for next year in terms of where all the numbers come out, maybe somewhat lighter, but we're going to have to see what we have going on as we move into next year.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning. In the prepared remarks, you mentioned a pretty negligible impact from the move in FX from the British pound, and based on your mix of pound revenue and expenses, we would have thought I think that would be a greater net benefit to EPS. Could you just give some color on maybe why that's not the case?
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Toni, it's Linda. Thanks for your question, and I get all the complicated answers today. So let me try this. We did in our 2015 Investor Day talk about that only 2% of our revenues are GBP denominated, and 14% of our expenses are. So we did anticipate this question as to why this hasn't been more helpful to our EPS. So while those numbers are correct, as you move down the P&L, the benefit is not as strong. So currently our entity structure takes away some of that benefit, and reported revenue and expense activities in British pounds essentially offset each other, given the way we have some of our legal entities and tax structuring set up. The existing structure reflects various operational, financial and legal considerations, and we look at those and make adjustments when appropriate. Following, the Brexit vote, we're frankly going to have to wait and see what happens to see how we best might react to that. But right now, the situation is very unclear. So you're correct, there is a mismatch, but as you move down through the operating structure, we presently have in place, those numbers become more evenly matched. So I hope Toni if it's that thorough enough explanation for you.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And I'll just add as this relates to a question that was asked earlier in terms of our reaction corporately to the Brexit vote. This is one of the areas, where we would be looking at whether we can improve the fact that, improve the benefit from the mismatch between revenues and expenses coming out of the UK. And that will involve looking at our operational and legal structures and seeing what we might be able to change in terms of trying to realize the benefits from that revenue cost misalignment.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And I think earlier in the call, in one of the answers you mentioned a bit of a pull-forward in issuance, is there any way to quantify that, or just give a little bit more color on that? Thank you.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I don't know one of my colleagues can quantify that, but we clearly saw a very active second quarter in issuance activity coming out of Europe. The corporate finance was – and structured finance were both up double-digits in Europe in the second quarter. And we are attributing a portion of that to likely pull-forward. And the fact that post Brexit, we were several weeks without really seeing much of any activity in terms of European issuance, just reinforces that belief that we had some pull-forward. I would also, I guess, take this opportunity to just highlight that if we are correct about that pull-forward and correct about the slump in issuance activity being a result of Brexit as opposed to just seasonal, we would expect to see a more pronounced saw tooth pattern this year than we might have otherwise expected. So less issuance and revenue in the third quarter, and as a timing matter, probably more than we had anticipated in the fourth quarter. So I think it's not going to change the saw tooth, it's just going to emphasize that.
Mark E. Almeida - President, Moody's Analytics, Inc.: The only thing I would add to that, Ray, we saw the highest level of fundamental issuance activity in Europe, since the first quarter of 2015. And in addition, we had the introduction of the CSPP bond-buying program in early June, which further supported issuance there.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great.
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Just one last thing, Toni, as we look at this. The 10-year treasury has been about 1.56%, 1.59% spreads for financing. For investment grade bonds it might be around 1.44%. So if you are a U.S. corporate, you can issue a 10-year somewhere around 3%, which is historically very, very attractive. The numbers in Europe, the spreads would even be tighter maybe around 100 basis points. So issuance there is even more attractive. High yield spreads have come in quite a bit. We're looking at about 540 basis points. So the overall conditions are really quite favorable and really good. So we're waiting to see what happens as we come out of this blackout period. But corporates are finding that overall rates and spreads are both very attractive. So we're just going to have to wait and see, what happens as we roll the calendar forward. Traditionally, as you know, August is the weakest time, but it is possible that after Labor Day, we may see additional activity, and we'll see, how that goes for the third quarter.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Very helpful. And just lastly, this is sort of a more broad question, but how are you thinking about the potential impacts that Brexit may have on European disintermediation, either positive or negative?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think my view at this point would be that the disintermediation is going to continue, assuming what I described earlier, as a soft landing. Certainly, if there is a more fundamental disruption of the European Union, or participants in the Euro zone that would have at least cyclical and potentially more structural impacts, but we do not anticipate that being the case. And so, I think the disintermediation will continue to be a fundamental driver of the business coming out of Europe.
Toni M. Kaplan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you. A few questions. First, Linda, just trying to better understand the costs in the quarter. Incentive compensation, I believe, is $32 million in the first quarter. What was in the second quarter, please?
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. Incentive comp for the second quarter was $35.6 million, Craig. That was 10% of the total comp expense for the second quarter. And last year that incentive comp expense was $42.8 million. So we are down 17% year-over-year. So as we've said many times before, the incentive comp line takes the first hit, so that we can hold the margin, and frankly, we're pretty pleased about the 44.2% margin in the second quarter.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: Okay. And also a currency question. When you think out to third and fourth quarters for currency impact on your total revenues and in your costs. I was just curious what you are budgeting there for 3Q and 4Q, please.
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. So for the full year 2016, we are expecting that FX will have about a 1% negative impact on revenue, Craig, and about a 2% benefit on operating expense. So you can sort of work with that to see what you want to do with the balance of the year.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then also I typically like to ask, can you just help us, can you break out the revenues of the four main categories within ratings, the high yield (51:35) investment grade et cetera, the revenues there?
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Craig, given that we have so many analysts these days, we have an exciting announcement for you, that is, in the interest of time, we're going to be posting your revenue breakdown that you like to see under Selected Financial Information under that section of the IR homepage, and you can find that at ir.moodys.com. So you no longer have to write this all down just as soon as we are done with this call, you'll see it all up there for you to take a look at. So, after 12 years, we're finally improving how we handle this process, Craig. So we hope you're pleased.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: That's very helpful. One last quick question here. Ray or Linda, when you look out the next three years to four years, you've talked a lot about the very strong refinancing walls here and stuff. I am curious from a mixed standpoint of revenue, is that not helpful to your margins going forward, it's much more heavily tilted towards refinancing as opposed to a lot more new mandates, where you'd probably have to hire a lot more analyst over time?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. All things being equal, yes, refinancing is margin friendly. I hope that we're seeing a strong drive of new rating mandates and new business and high growth coming out of Moody's Analytics, which would constrain the margin expansion, but we'll have to see. But you are correct, all things being equal, that's going to help margins.
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Craig, it's Linda. Another thing to – just another quick thing to consider is, as we move through the back half of the year, it is possible we may start seeing pull-forward from 2017, and you're correct that our refinancing walls particularly in the U.S. are much more helpful to us in 2017 and on through the next few years. And that's something we took a look at as we thought about our strategic plans, but we would hope to have margin expansion as we move through the rest of the decade. And we'll hope to have more to say about as we move through the guidance cycles for next year. But given the pretty attractive situation we have right now with rates, it may be possible that we start to see that 2017 pull-forward even at the end of this year. One thing we would like to make very clear to everyone is that, looking at the back half of the year, here we would expect that the fourth quarter, our expectation is that the fourth quarter will probably be stronger than the third quarter, given the traditional slowdown during the August period. So just something to think about as you look at our normal saw tooth pattern, we think that that will persist.
Craig Anthony Huber - Huber Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll continue onto Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hi. So I was just curious as we look at guidance, I'm wondering it looks like you kind of made the decision to take down sort of the issuance outlook, but you didn't take down the full guidance. I'm wondering what – is there a discrepancy in a particular thought process behind the differences in the two?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. It's really that we're anticipating – compared to the first quarter, we're anticipating less revenue, less expense, and as a result guiding toward the lower end of our range while still holding the margin. And all of that happens to be within the ranges that we had previously communicated. So there's movement within the range, but not crossing from mid-single to low-single or high-single to a mid-single, for example.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. And then obviously Brexit is going to take a while and there is an extended timeline associated with it. I just want to get your thoughts on any particular either upcoming Brexit milestone, I guess is what I call it or event. And if you think that there might be any kind of unique behavior, in other words, can we see a situation where issuance is still taking place in the U.S., and it's just continuing to the UK. So I just want to get some further thoughts on how you look at both of those?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, I mean at this point, I would say that this process is characterized by an absence of milestones.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's very fluid, even in terms of when the Article 50 letter might be delivered. And I think it's going to create – as Linda described earlier, periods of risk on and risk off. As negotiations move forward, there are elections in France and Germany and the Netherlands next year. There's a constitutional vote in Italy later this year. So there are lots of things that are going to be happening that Brexit may influence or may influence the timing of the lead (56:46) decision in the notice. So I agree, it's going to be protracted process, and it's one that, as I said, looks very fluid at the moment.
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Joe, it's Linda, also to add to that, of course we have the U.S. election in November, which potentially could cause borrowers to step away from the market for a bit of time. However, indications from the ECB seems to be that there is the potential for even further easing given what's happened with Brexit. So as we thought about this, we kept our range and we indicate the lower end of the range, but I think it would be very fair to say there's an unusual amount of uncertainty around this. And it could break either way, we just don't know. If conditions continue to be very attractive and we see pull-forward in the fourth quarter, this could turn out differently. But we think it's prudent given all of these various factors which are causing a lot of choppiness that we think about it in this manner. And I don't know if Rob Fauber had anything further that he wanted to say about this, but this was a tough set of guidance for us to work through.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. Okay. And then just lastly, you talked about maybe some operational changes particularly with the way that you look at the UK. I'm wondering as we look at this on a broader scale, is there any inning (58:23) that you could point out that you're doing sort of internally any different from either a resourcing perspective. Just in preparation for what could be some unusual volatility associated with it again, I guess lack of milestones.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: At this point, we have – well, since the beginning of the year, we have had a Brexit working group, that working group was expanded after the vote and includes multiple functions and disciplines throughout the organization, operational and accounting and legal, et cetera. It's really in an intelligence gathering phase at this point. There is not a lot that we feel we can appropriately do in terms of any changes to our activities at this point in time. But we want to be prepared to make any appropriate changes depending on how this process plays out. But I do want to emphasize that, however, it plays out, it looks like we're going to have a good long lead-time to respond. So I don't think this is going to be a process that surprises us in terms of some negative consequence for the company that we don't have time to adjust to, well before any decisions become effective.
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. And it's probably useful to add that we're conducting business as usual with a very close eye on our expense base. I think you saw that we've guided to 4% expense growth this year and it's pretty simple actually. We're directing head count and other resources towards the Moody's Analytics business in sort of a two-thirds, one-third split with the rating agency getting the one-third, because the rating agency is having a little bit of a softer patch. In fact for the rating agency, Q2 expenses were down 2% year-over-year and most of the expense work that we've been doing comes on the T&E line and other things having to do with both the rating agency and the shared services organization. So, we are investing in the businesses that are performing well. I think we're being very thoughtful on the rating agency, and we're being really thoughtful on the shared services part of the organization. So we feel good about how we're managing all of this. We continue with the acquisitions, including GGY and the remainder of KIS. But we've had these periods before and we tend to work through them and conditions do change from quarter-to-quarter.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now go to Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon, everyone.
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Bill.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So, a question for you on Moody's Analytics. Just wanted to ask, if you're seeing any change in the selling environment for ERS and professional services.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, no. We're not Bill. It's very much business as usual to be honest. I've been in London in the last couple of days and spent a lot of time with the sales team. We've got a lot going on. We're very busy. As I said earlier the pipeline is good. So, no.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then for the new MARQ product, does that compete or will it compete with your former parent Dun & Bradstreet or how do you see that evolving?
Mark E. Almeida - President, Moody's Analytics, Inc.: I guess the short answer I think, Bill, is no. But it certainly is a – it's a step that we're taking in that direction. We think there is some – it's clear to us that there is some need and some demand from both small companies and from bankers for more and better credit scores and credit analytics. So we are exploring that and as Ray said, we're doing that in collaboration with the Finagraph, in which we made the investment earlier this year.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then last question for me, is just to see if I can get your thoughts on, what to do with that $1.5 billion of offshore cash, a high-class problem I know, but...?
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure, Bill. It's Linda. In fact 78% of our cash is offshore now compared to 67% last year. And we do look to use that cash to fund acquisitions in fact as we have done the acquisition of the rest of KIS that's been funded by offshore cash, which was great. GGY is a Canadian company, partially funded by offshore cash which is also helpful. And so right now, we don't have any particular plans for that cash. But we look at all alternatives all the time. If there is a different tax regime in the U.S., potentially we could make some changes there. But right now, we think that this situation is advantageous for us and we continue to look at everything, but we like global acquisitions and it's a place where we continue to look. So we are where we are for right now.
William A. Warmington - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Arthur with Huber Research.
Douglas Middleton Arthur - Huber Research Partners LLC: Yeah. Thanks. My question was on pull-forward and I think you guys have covered that pretty comprehensively. So I'll take a pass. Thanks.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks so much. I know it's late. You had given some color on your exposure revenues and expenses to the British pound. Can you just remind us what it is to the euro as well?
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think the overall expense – the overall impact of FX considering the pound and the euro is what I had said before, this is kind of a blended view. We expect 1% negative impact on revenue and a 2% benefit to operating expense. I believe, we've got it right, we were using rates of $1.34 to the pound and $1.10 to the euro in preparing these – excuse me – my colleagues have corrected me, $1.11 to the euro in preparing these documents.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks. I guess, you said 2% of your revenues last year came from British pound and 14% of expenses again. Can you give us the similar numbers for the euro or I can always follow-up offline?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I don't have that in front of me, but we're happy to follow-up on that. I think this is obvious, but unlike the situation that we have in the UK, we have a lot of portion of revenue in euros and a smaller portion of expense.
Jeffrey Marc Silber - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. That makes sense. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And Ashley Serrao with Credit Suisse.
Ashley Neil Serrao - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah. Most of my questions have been asked and answered. Thank you.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ray McDaniel.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thank you very much for joining us today and thank you for the questions. We look forward to speaking to you again next at our Investor Day on Wednesday, September 28. So, thanks all and we'll see you there.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes Moody's second quarter 2016 earnings call. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 PM Eastern Time on Moody's IR website. Thank you and you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-29 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Sallilyn Schwartz - Head of Investor Relations Raymond McDaniel - President and Chief Executive Officer Linda Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mark Almeida - President Michel Madelain - President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Alex Kramm - UBS Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Manav Patnaik - Barclays Warren Gardiner - Evercore Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Vincent Hung - Autonomous Denny Galindo - Morgan Stanley Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Doug Arthur - Huber Research Partners William Warmington - Wells Fargo Henry Chien - BMO Capital Markets Tim McHugh - William Blair Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James
Operator: Good day and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded, and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open up the conference up for question and answers following the presentation. I would now turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sallilyn Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's first quarter results for 2016 as well as our updated outlook for full year 2016. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications. This morning, Moody's released its results for the first quarter of 2016 as well as our updated outlook for full year 2016. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Moody's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission's website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
A - Raymond McDaniel: Thank you, Salli. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's first quarter results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. I will then conclude with comments about our updated outlook for 2016. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. In the first quarter of 2016, reduced global bond issuance weighed on Moody's financial performance despite Moody's Investor Services, consistent market coverage, and additional ratings mandate as well as strong results of Moody's Analytics which is not sensitive to debt issuance activity while revenue for Moody's Corporation of $816 million declined 6%. Operating expense for the first quarter was $512 million, up 4% from the first quarter of 2015. Operating income was $304 million, an 18% decline in the prior year period. The impact of foreign currency translation on operating income was negligible. Adjusted operating income defined as operating income before depreciation and amortization was $334 million, down 16% from the same period last year. Operating margin for the first quarter of 2016 was 37.3%. The adjusted operating margin was 40.9%. Diluted earnings per share of $0.93 was down 16% from the prior year period. Given market conditions, we have scaled back our revenue and earnings expectations for full year 2016 and are managing our cost base accordingly. Our 2016 EPS guidance is now $4.55 to $4.65. Before I turn the call over to Linda, I'd like to highlight two investments we made in the first quarter. In March, Moody's analytics announced the acquisition of GGY, a leading provider of actuarial software for the life insurance industry. The addition of GGY's products and specialized expertise accelerates MA's extension into financial risk management for life insurers, complementing our already strong position with global banks. As part of the Enterprise Risk Solutions line of business, GGY will contribute to MA's regulatory solvency and capital management solutions. We also announced the minority investment in Finagraph, a provider of cloud-enabled automated financial data collection and business intelligence solutions for private companies. This investment underscores Moody's commitment to innovative financial technologies to better address the needs of our customers. Finagraph's information and analytical solutions represent important advantage in bank's risk assessments of small and medium-sized businesses, thus improving access to credit for this underserved segment of the market. I'll now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
A - Linda Huber: Thanks, Ray. I'll begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody's total revenue for the first quarter declined 6% to $816 million. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted revenue by 2%. U.S. revenue was $480 million was down 4% from the first quarter of 2015. Non-U.S. revenue of $336 million, was down 8%, and represented 41% of Moody's total revenue. Recurring revenue of $452 million increased by 7% and represented 55% of total revenue. Looking now at each of our businesses, starting with Moody's Investors Service, total MIS revenue for the quarter was $525 million, down 13% from the prior-year period. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted MIS revenue by 1%. U.S. revenue declined 10% to $336 million, while non-U.S. revenue of $189 million declined 18% and represented 36% of total ratings revenue. Recurring revenue of $231 million increased 4% and represented 44% of ratings revenue. Moving now to the lines of business for MIS, first, global corporate finance of $240 million for the quarter was down 20% from the prior year period. This result reflected lower levels of global speculative-grade issuance, as well declines in the number of U.S. investment-grade bond offerings, and in the volume of European investment-grade issuance. U.S. corporate finance revenue decreased 10%, while non-U.S. revenue decreased 36%. Second, global structured finance revenue for the first quarter was $91 million, down 11% from the prior year period. This represented the lowest revenue quarter for structured finance that we have seen in 10 quarters. U.S. securitization activities slowed primarily within the CMBS and CLO markets due to widening spreads, regulatory requirement and reduced availability of bank loan collaterals. U.S. structured finance revenue was down 15%. Non-U.S. revenue was flat with a modest increase in Europe. Third, global financial institutions revenue of $95 million was up 1% from the prior year period. U.S. financial institutions revenue was down 3%, while non-U.S. revenue was up 4%. Fourth, global public, project and infrastructure finance revenue of $92 million was down 9% versus the prior year period as U.S. project finance activity and European infrastructure-related issuance fell amid choppy market conditions. U.S. public, project and infrastructure finance revenue was down 6%, while non-U.S. revenue was down 14%. MIS Other, which consist of non-rating revenues from Moody's majority on joint venture interest in ICRA and Korea Investors Service, contributed $8 million to MIS revenue for the first quarter led to the prior year period. And turning now to Moody's Analytics. Global revenue for MA of $291 million was up 11% from the first quarter of 2015 excluding revenue from our March 2016 acquisition of GGY, MA revenue grew by 10%. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted MA revenue by 2%. U.S. revenue of $144 million is up 12% year-over-year and non-U.S. revenue $147 million was up 9% and represented 51% of total MA revenue. Recurring revenue of $222 million increased 9% and represented 76% of MAs revenue. Moving now to the lines of business for MA. First, global research data and analytics or RD&A, revenue of $165 million was up 10% from the prior year period and represented 57% of total MA revenues. Growth was mainly due to strong new sale of research and data, as well as record customer retention. U.S. RD&A revenue was up 14%, while non-U.S. revenue was up 5%. Second, global enterprise risk solutions or ERS revenue of $90 million was up 16% from last year primarily from accelerated project delivery. U.S. ERS revenue was up 14%, while non-U.S. revenue was up 17%. Excluding revenue from GGY, ERS revenue grew 13%. And as we've noticed in the past, due to the variable nature of project timing and completion, ERS revenue remain subject to quarterly volatility. Trailing 12-month sales for ERS increased 1% reflecting a very difficult comparison with the first quarter of 2015. Third, global professional services revenue of $37 million was flat to the prior year period. U.S. Professional Services revenue was down 6% while non-U.S. revenue was up 3%. Turning now to expense, Moody's first quarter expense was $512 million, up 4% from 2015. The increase was primarily due to higher compensation cost in MA, reflecting additional head count required to support business growth, as well as Moody's ongoing technology investments. Expenses in MIS were down slightly compared to the prior year period. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted expense by 2%. As Ray noted, Moody's reported operating margin and adjusted operating margin were 37.3% and 40.9%, respectively, for the first quarter. Moody's effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.3% versus 32.9% for the same period last year. The year-over-year decline was primarily due to a change in New York City tax laws relating to income [indiscernible]. Now, I'll provide an update on capital allocation. During the first quarter of 2016, Moody's returned $334 million to shareholders via share repurchases and dividends. The company repurchased 2.9 million shares at a total cost of $262 million or an average cost of $89.83 per share, and issued 1.6 million shares under its annual employees' stock-based compensation plan. Moody's also paid $72.1 million in dividends during the quarter, and on April 11, announced a quarterly dividend of $0.37 per share of Moody's common stock payable June 10 to stockholders of record at the close of business on May 20. Outstanding shares as of March 31, 2016 totaled 194.3 million, down 4% from the prior year period. As of March 31, 2016, Moody's had $1.2 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. At quarter end, Moody's had $3.4 billion of outstanding debt and $1 billion of additional debt capacity available under its revolving credit facility. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at quarter-end were $2.1 billion with approximately 73% held outside the U.S. Free cash flow for the first three months of 2016 was $211 million, down 13% from the first three months of 2015 primarily due to the year-over-year decline in net income and changes in working capital. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Ray.
A - Raymond McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I'll conclude this morning's prepared comments by discussing the changes for our full year guidance for 2016. A full list of Moody's guidance is included in our first quarter 2016 earnings press release which can be found on the Moody's Investor Relations website at ir.moodys.com. Moody's updated outlook for 2016 is based on assumption about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, corporation profitability and business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions, consumer borrowing and securitization and the amount of debt issued. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. Specifically our forecast reflects exchange rates for the British pound and the euro at $1.44 to £1 and $1.14 to €1, respectively. As I noted earlier, the company now expects 2016 EPS of $4.55 to $4.65 inclusive of $0.02 dilution from the acquisition of GGY. Moody's full year 2016 revenues now expected to increase in the low-single-digit percent range. In response to this revised revenue outlook, we have lowered our projected base business spending for the year by approximately $50 million through expense management actions and reduced incentive compensation. These savings allow Moody's to maintain guidance for operating expenses to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range despite the addition of GGY's operating expenses and the negative impact to foreign currency translation. Moody's now projects an operating margin of approximately 41% while adjusted operating margin is still expected to be approximately 45%. Free cash flow is now expected to be approximately $1 billion. Capital expenditures are now expected to be approximately $125 million. For MIS, 2016 revenue is now expected to be approximately flat. U.S. revenue is now expected to decrease in the low-single-digit percent range while non-U.S. revenue is now expected to increase in the low-single-digit percent range. Corporate Finance revenue is now expected to decrease in the low-single-digit percent range, reflecting weak issuance in the first quarter, as well as expectations from variable issuance activity for the reminder of the year. Structured Finance revenue is now expected to decrease in the mid-single-digit percent range as a result of continued challenges to U.S. securitization activity. Public, Project and Infrastructure Finance revenue is now expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range, which assumes weakness in the first quarter is not offset in the reminder of the year. For Moody's Analytics, 2016 revenue is now expected to increase in the high-single-digit percent range. U.S. revenue is now expected to increase in the low-double-digit percent range, while non-U.S. revenue is now expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Research, Data and Analytics revenue is now expected to increase in the high-single-digit percent range as a result of new business and an increased customer retention rate. Enterprise Risk Solutions revenue is now expected to increase in the high-single-digit percent range, including revenue associated with March 2016 acquisition of GGY. Before we move to the Q&A, I'd like to highlight MIS management change that we announced on April 4. Effective June 1, 2016, Michel Madelain will retire as President and Chief Operating Officer of MIS and will assume the role of Vice Chairman for MIS. He will also remain on the MIS Board of Directors and MIS European boards. Rob Fauber, who has been with Moody's for 11 years, will succeed Michel Madelain as President of MIS. I'd like to extend my thanks to Michel and congratulate Rob on his new role. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining us for the question-and-answer session is Michel Madelain, President and Chief Operating Officer of MIS; and Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics. We'd be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] And we'll take our first question from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm: Yeah. Hey. Good morning. I guess, afternoon already almost. Wanted to come and talk about the guidance for a second here. I guess, from a bigger-picture perspective, what was really the thinking in the EPS reduction? And I'm talking primarily from a seasonal perspective. Is this, hey, the first quarter was really awful, but our outlook, because of refinancing and everything else that we talked about three months ago, has not really changed? Or is this also a reflection of, you know what, the second quarter is all right, but there's still a lot of uncertainty here with Brexit in June and things like that? But we're still hoping a lot for the second half. So, hopefully, you're getting the drift on my question. But where is the near term and the remainder of the year kind of fit in into this?
Raymond McDaniel: Yeah. At a high level, Alex, I would point to two things. One is, as you point out, we feel there are still quite a bit of uncertainty for the remainder of this year at a macro level, between Brexit and the potential for interest rate increases, and the fact that we still have some tough comps in the second quarter in particular. We do expect more momentum in the second half of the year than we've had in the first half, and we've already seen improvements in late March and April compared to the very weak beginning to the year in January/February. The other thing I'd point you to, though, is Structured Finance and the conditions for the structured finance market have been very challenged so far this year, and we think that they are going to continue to be challenged especially in the U.S. There are a number of reasons for this. Not only is it credit spreads, which can affect the economics of the transaction, but also regulatory requirements that are being implemented and interpreted, and a lot of the market participants are sorting out the appropriate interpretation for new regulatory requirements around risk retention and disclosure of underlying assets information. And that, in combination with a challenging interest-rate environment or spread environment and issues around the appropriate availability of collateral and areas such as CLOs, has really impacted our outlook for structured finance in the United States for, not only in the first quarter results, but our outlook for the remaining nine months.
Linda Huber: Alex, just to give you some sense of the calendarization of that, we've taken down the MIS revenue outlook by a little bit more than $100 million. You should consider 40% of that is what we've already seen as weakness in the first quarter. 60% of it comes from the rest of the year forecast. And in terms of that remaining 60%, about 60% of that is a reduction in structured finance and the balance, about 40%, is incorporate. So, that should give you something to work with in terms of what we're seeing. So, we've taken it down for the first quarter but also we've moderated our expectations of the balance that being structured and the remainder being incorporate for the rest of the year.
Alex Kramm: Well, that's very great color. Thank you. And then secondly, Linda, while I'll have you, I guess, can you talk about the cost side of the equation in more detail. I think in the past, you've done a great job kind of talking on an absolute dollar basis and how the trajectory looks like. And it seems like you've really now cut all the flex that you have. So, you should probably have a pretty good visibility for the second, third and fourth quarter. And then, if there is any variability to what you hopefully going to give me now, is it basically - if revenues actually end up being a little bit better, some of the negative flex comes back and maybe some of the bonuses come back? And so, basically, what I'm saying is in a weaker revenue environment, there's not much that's going to change on the cost side on an absolute basis. But if we actually end up doing better, you probably see cost up a little bit again. Is that fair?
Linda Huber: So, let me just set up the explanation for this. So, we saw the markets go weak in the beginning of February. We moved aggressively and we moved hard against that situation. We have taken steps in T&E and most importantly in hiring. For two of the divisions, this excludes Moody's Analytics. We are back to what I would call essential hiring, and we're looking at hiring on a person-by-person status in terms of backfilling. So, really clamped down on that front for two of the divisions. Now, we can't turn the ship that quickly, and that's the issue. So, we often talk about $50 million of expense flex. So, we have that in train already. And about half of that is from reduced incentive compensations because we've just taken the guidance down. The other half is from the expense management actions that I spoke about earlier. Now, if this gets worse, we have another $50 million which again is split about half-and-half between incentive compensation and other expense saving measures that we could take. But as we move into that second $50 million, this does get tougher. And we've already taken down our incentive compensation with this first half by about $20 million. So, we'll see how we go. And we'll see what we want to do, but we have been very clear about this, and we started these actions again in February, but you're going to have to wait for the rest of the year to see this flow through, and I'll ask if Ray has any further comment on this.
Raymond McDaniel: Yeah. The only thing I would add is as we've said before, we would take different actions if we saw structural changes in the markets that we're operating in, versus cyclical ups and downs. This looks largely, to us, to be a cyclical condition in the markets. We'll see in the structured finance area how that market adjusts to different regulatory requirements. But history said that it does adjust, but in terms of how quickly that's going to recover we will have to see. There's a couple of phases of regulatory requirements. The market is adjusting currently to the first phase, there will be more coming. So, we just have to keep on an eye on space.
Linda Huber: Just one more clarification. The $50 million we've already committed to that is largely offset by additional expenses from GGY and what we view as potential unfavorable FX situation. So, good effort by taking down expenses by $50 million. However, we do have the offset, we're basically back to where we started. So, the watch board here is to be very, very careful with hiring and to be very careful with all other expense items up and down the P&L. And we are absolutely on that.
Alex Kramm: Great. And sorry just to quickly - on the expenses, in absolute dollars like you usually give like, hey, in the next couple of quarters see that $5 million, $5 million, $5 million. Like can you just give us an update? It seems like not much has changed, but just to remind us of the absolute dollar level that's changing, any expectations?
Linda Huber: Sure. We're looking at expense ramp from here that we think it's going to be $35 million to $45 million over the course of the year. Now, the most variable part of that is incentive compensation. If we are not doing well incentive compensation gets hit first and hard. And if we somehow manage to do better, incentive compensation might ramp up towards the end of the year. So, just to watch out there, but we expect to ramp from here $35 million to $45 million.
Alex Kramm: Excellent. Thanks for that.
Operator: We will now go to Andre Benjamin with Goldman Sachs.
Raymond McDaniel: Hey, Andre.
Andre Benjamin: Thanks. Hi. How are you? So, on ERS, I was wondering if you can maybe talk through the increase to guidance on that business line, particularly the high-single-digit increase from low-single-digit just a few months ago. I was wondering how much of that is M&A contribution versus new business wins and other factors because if you are simply pulling business forward, I would think the full year guidance wouldn't change that much.
Raymond McDaniel: Sure, we'll ask Mark to take that.
Mark Almeida: Yeah. I think you've got it right, Andre. It's really driven by the GGY acquisition, taking up the ERS result to high single.
Andre Benjamin: Okay. And then just on...
Mark Almeida: Yeah, the business is performing very much in line with what we expected coming in to the year. The timing in the first quarter has been a little different. I think we've just been executing quite well on project delivery, so we pulled some things forward. But the base outlook for the business organically is consistent with what guided to previously.
Andre Benjamin: And then on the debt outlook, I know you talked a bit about the split between how much came out of structure versus other buckets. In corporate finance where you did take the view down, I was wondering if you could provide some color on how much of that is continued weakness in the high-yield market versus like starting to see some cracks in the pipeline for investment grade as well?
Linda Huber: Sure. Andre, maybe this is a good time for us to talk about what we are hearing from the banks. And again, this is issuance views for both financial and non-financial U.S. dollar issuance and then we'll go over to Europe. So, I think you should be able to see a slide that we've put up. Now, investment grade balance, curious situation. For the first quarter of 2016, $340 billion in issuance, about flat year-over-year, that's good. What was less good is that the deal count, the number of transactions was down by about 20%. So, dollar volume, dollar value about the same but deal count is down which is not helpful to us. Moving across the columns, months-to-date for April about $65 billion; and for the full year, we're looking at $1.2 trillion which is about flat. So, right now, from investment grade, the pipeline is robust. It's good. And we expect the market remain active and the backdrop is stable and companies are coming out of black out. So, it looks like there's quite a bit to do right now. So, investment grade is positive, the issue here has been the deal count. Going down the high yield, looking at the $40 billion of issuance so far, that's down 60% year-over-year. Months-to-date April $25 billion. Year-to-date, we're looking at $230 billion down 15%. The market tone is better. There's some deals in the market - there have been deals in the market this week. There's one in the market today, a Friday. That's unusual. The market tone has improved but the market is still bifurcated as you see in the second point between have and have and have not. The stronger credits are doing better. Brand tightening has already happened. We're in about 160 basis points. The question is, is that enough? And if spreads continue to tighten, we may see some progress. Conversely, if they want now again we may see further back up, so we're going to have to watch that closely. Leverage loans, we see $40 billion in the first quarter which is down 25% year-over-year, $15 billion month-to-date, and $260 billion for the year, which is down 10% year-over-year. So stability in the macro backdrop as you see in the first point is also aiding the leverage loan market. It's weaker than the high-yield bond market, though, because of fund outflows and the slowdown in CLO formation that goes back to the risk retention requirement which we can talk a bit more about if you want, and some increased default activity serves as a bit of a headwind. Now, if we move over to Europe, looking at the next slide, again, these are the views of the bank. Investment grade in Europe, pipeline is robust and can pick up further because of the ECB's corporate bond-purchasing program. Brexit, though, in the second point, is an uncertainty. And that could side line the issuers and be harmful for the summer season which is traditionally weaker depending on what happens with that vote. And U.S. corporates continue to see that there's good value in accessing the euro market, what we would call the first Yankees, and we expect that to be a heavy component of supply as it has been and will be, we think going forward. Spec-grade in Europe, the market was muted, supply was down 70% and very volatile first quarter. Again, the ECB's move had sparked the renewed risk appetite, and is leading to a pickup in high-yield activity in Europe. And tighter spreads, again may encourage further issuance. So overall in Europe, the ECB's move makes us more optimistic, but it has been a very slow first quarter in Europe. I think the overall view on the more speculative asset classes across the world would be keep an eye on spreads if they continue to tighten. We may see the outlook improve, and conversely, if they widened particularly as we go into the Brexit vote, that will be detrimental. So hope that helps to you, Andre.
Andre Benjamin: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: We'll now go to Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Yeah. Thank you. Good afternoon. So, a lot of the big picture, I guess, constraints on the issuance market don't sound much different than what it was when you gave guidance in February and I was just so - I guess as I said I guess some more color on what the degree of changes? I think, Linda, in the $100 million you helped break out the way you're assuming what and I think you just walk through the corporate side of things and maybe structured finance where maybe you can help us understand the different issuance categories and what change was with February?
Raymond McDaniel: Yeah, I'll start, Manav, and then invite Linda or Michel to weigh in. It's really centered on - our changes in outlook for structured finance really centered on the U.S. and within the U.S. it's focused on primarily the CMBS market and the CLO market. As you know from our prior comment in the commercial mortgage backed securities area, there is a lot of refinancing that needs to occur. Some of that refinancing is occurring outside of securitization and we are also expecting to see the volume and activity pick up in the third and fourth quarters of this year because there was very little conduit lending early in this year and the conduits have increased their financing but it will take some months for that to feed into CMBS. In the CLO area, it's the market dealing with both the risk retention requirements and the interpretations or other regulatory requirements that having to do with transparency around underlying assets and the suitability of the collateral itself. So, assuming that we see the market sort out how it is going to meet the new regulatory requirements and the suitability of collateral, again, we could see a pickup in CLOs later in the year. Pipelines are not bad. As a matter of fact, in Europe, pipeline is up quite substantially. And so, some of the issues that we're seeing in the U.S. are being partially offset by the international business. But it's still not enough to allow us to come anywhere close to holding our original guidance.
Linda Huber: Manav, just a little bit of color, and then I'll ask Michel if he wants to comment further. I think your thesis was, what's changed, and shouldn't we have been able to see this when we gave our initial guidance? As I've said previously, high yields, bonds issuance down 60% in the first quarter is a pretty heavy hit. Leverage loans down 25% also is a pretty heavy hit. We have the risk-off mode happening. You had oil prices collapsing. Concerns about China and growth concerns. So, we went through a pretty heavy risk-off phase there which is now starting to wide itself. So, generally, around here, we're okay if we have one segment off, but having corporate hit hard, as well as having structured having had the worst quarter it's had in 10 quarters, we frankly didn't see that. Now, as Ray said, that is what we would view as a cyclical issue in structure, but until the participants in that market figure how to deal with some of these different conditions and move. We do think that that situation will ease as we go into the end of the year. But I don't think we expected the total [indiscernible] environment in the first quarter. We were thoughtful but it was worse than we thought. And as we've said, there are number of factors that make the rest of the year a little bit tricky to predict. With that, I'll turn it over to Michel to have him perhaps give some more thoughts about how we're viewing the balance of the year.
Michel Madelain: Thank you, Linda. I think now what I was going to say is that really, in terms of the numbers we're seeing, this is really the result of market volumes and that I think as Ray alluded earlier, our coverage has remained very consistent with what we've seen in the past. So, as market improves, we should see a pickup in our own volumes, obviously. That's what I was going to add.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. And then, just thinking a little beyond the second half of the year in that your comments on structures was cyclical. I mean, it sounds like a lot of this, at least in your comments, are a little bit more cyclical. But how do you, guys, think about opportunity it takes? I know you talked about the, I guess, the majority backlog, so maybe if you could just give us a few comments on that and then maybe some comments on, I guess, M&A is going down a bit. That's been a big driver of your issuance in your backlog and it sounds like waiting the valuation says this might be a little slow because of that. So, any puts and takes that you need to call out?
Raymond McDaniel: Yeah. You're correct. We have seen slower activity in our rating assessment service coincident with reduced activity and issuance. As far as the cyclicality of the conditions. Clearly in the corporate sector, this is cyclical. There are significant refinancing walls that begin to build in 2017, and really built for several years after that. So, we're going to see a large amount of activity associated with refinancing. M&A, there had been some bumps in the road with M&A, but it has been strong for a while, and to the extent that we're in a low-growth environment that has and probably will continue to encourage M&A. Where we see the erosion in M&A-driven debt is at least at the margins around some of the tax-driven deals and things of that sort. So, really I view the corporate story as being very much a cyclical story with a significant refinancing wall coming upon us beginning next year. On the structured finance side, again I think it's largely cyclical. But we have to watch and see how the market deals with new requirements, and what economically the market determines to make sense. So, that's an area to keep our collective eye on in terms of how much of it is cyclical and whether there's some structural changes to that market.
Manav Patnaik: Yeah, that's why - Yes. Go ahead.
Linda Huber: I'm sorry. I just wanted to note that investment-grade issuance conditions are really good right now. The U.S. 10 years at 1.85%. If you want to look at Reverse Yankee Issuance, Unilever did a particularly attractive bond issuance recently, and they paid very, very little for that issuance which is really quite remarkable. We've seen M&A kind of stop as we dealt with the changes in the inversion rules. And then, this week, healthcare M&A came back strong - three deals this week. I think we saw three deals in the G&P space this week. So, there still is appetite, and there's still transactions that need to be funded. So, we'll see how that goes. So, this is really a week-by-week situation with the backdrop of the Brexit both coming up on June 23. So, it provides an unusual degree of uncertainty particularly in Europe. Absent the break that's concerned, I think we would feel pretty good about companies financing opportunities particularly for Reverse Yankee. But we're going to have to watch this closely.
Manav Patnaik: All right. Thanks so much for that color, and I just like to congratulate Michelle and Rob on their new roles.
Linda Huber: Thank you.
Raymond McDaniel: Thanks.
Manav Patnaik: We'll pass that along.
Operator: We'll now go to Warren Gardiner with Evercore.
Warren Gardiner: Great. Thank you. So, I realized it was a pretty tough quarter for transaction fees. But it kind of looks like at least in shorter products and corporate finance relationship fees jump pretty nicely from the fourth quarter. And maybe some of that is pricing, but anything to kind of call out there in terms of good growth?
Raymond McDaniel: Yeah. I mean, some of it is pricing, but it's also the monitoring and annual fees associated with the new rating mandates that have come in over the trailing 12 months are significant contributor to that. So, as the stock of outstanding ratings grows, the monitoring fees, annual fees grow along with that.
Warren Gardiner: Okay. Okay. And then, a while back, I think you guys provided some nice color around those monitoring fees across some different regions. I recall that fees in the U.S. were pretty high relative to Europe and Asia. And that's kind of on the monitoring fee side or relationship fee side. So I guess, my question is does that relationship kind of also holds for the most part on the transaction fee side as well?
Raymond McDaniel: Unfortunately, it's not as simple as an answer as would probably be convenient because we have a different mix of frequent issuer-pricing agreements versus transaction-based pricing agreements by geography. So, the U.S. market, for example, which is heavily represented by speculative-grade issuers has more transaction pricing. Those are less frequent issuers. And the European market, which is more investment-grade driven has more frequent issuer-pricing agreements. So, the pricing is a bit difficult to match up. But broadly speaking, our pricing is consistent around the world for global ratings. It's not exactly the same everywhere, but it's broadly consistent.
Warren Gardiner: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: We will now go to Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Joseph Foresi: Hi. I wanted to ask about some of your assumptions because it sounded like you're touching on some of your earlier points. But is it fair to think you're building in a steady environment in Europe in your non-U.S. assumptions? And then I've got a couple other ones.
Raymond McDaniel: We do think that Europe is going to be relatively stronger in the second half of the year once we get through the Brexit vote and with the corporate sector purchase program through the ECB. So, assuming that Brexit is resolved in a reasonable way in terms of how the market interprets it, and with that, June purchase program kicking off. We think that's going to be a very attractive spread environment for corporates and that's supporting what should be good year-on-year growth for our European corporates.
Joseph Foresi: Okay. And then, the assumption, I guess, global corporate finance. It sounded like you've seen some people comeback to a market on the M&A side, are you expecting a rebound in the next, I guess, two to three quarters in M&A. Again, I'm just trying to get the assumptions behind some of the guidances out there.
Raymond McDaniel: No. I wouldn't say - I would not anticipate M&A to be running for the remainder of the year at the pace it ran last year but there's still going to be reasonable amount of activity. So, I don't have a number for you on that but that would be my narrative around it.
Linda Huber: So, keep in mind, there's also the announced M&A pipeline that still needs to be funded. We had cited at $200 billion at the beginning of the year and only some of that financing has moved through the pipeline. So, we've got some very, very big deals. We're thinking about the Teva deal and also the Dell deal alone. That's $60 billion that we could see that has to move for example. So, we would still see that there is some opportunity there but we think that the companies are going to choose their slots pretty carefully again given the macro environment.
Joseph Foresi: Okay. That's very helpful. And then, just on the cost cutting side, have you seen any change in attrition rates among employees? And then, it sounded like the compensation was perhaps flexible in the sense that if we had a better second half of the year, we could see that compensation number go up, how do we think about that kind of given the current environment?
Linda Huber: Sure. I think we're seeing a little bit of reduced voluntary turnover, but it's only moved a few tenths of a percentage point off of our high-single-digit view of things. If one is looking for a job in the financial sector right now, particularly if one is looking for a job in the banking sector, that's a pretty challenging place to look at this point in time. So, that would probably be the reason why we're seeing that a slight reduction in voluntary turnover. Now for incentive compensation, let's talk about that. We have started the year with 100% of our bonus target being set at the $4.80 we have previously seen for guidance. We've pulled that down to $4.60. And as a result of that, we have taken down our incentive compensation. For example, for the first quarter of last year, incentive compensation was $38 million. And this year on the first quarter, it's come down to $32 million. So, we've pulled down incentive compensation pretty hard to deal with this new lower forecast. And if we're not going to hit our numbers, the employees are not paid as well. That's just the way it goes. In terms of $32 million number, we would see that it will ramp a bit as we go into the fourth quarter, if things go right. But if we do considerably better than the $4.60 we're predicting now, Joe, you would expect that we would take incentive compensation back up. So, $4.80 was 100% and $4.60 is below that. So, we've cut incentive comp accordingly.
Raymond McDaniel: And this does react formulaically. So, improved performance will cause higher accruals and reduced performance will reduce the incentive comp line formulaically.
Joseph Foresi: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: We will now go to Vincent Hung with Autonomous.
Vincent Hung: Hi. How is it going?
Raymond McDaniel: Good afternoon.
Vincent Hung: On the frequent issue of programs, are you happy with the proportion of MIS by its frequent issuer or longer-term would you prefer that to be higher?
Raymond McDaniel: There is some volatility that we are accepting in order to have more transactional pricing as opposed to frequent issuer pricing. But that really, outside of cyclical conditions, it really is driven by our view of whether global debt is likely to continue to grow and we would like to capture the upside of that through higher transactional pricing, which we might think of as retail pricing as opposed to wholesale pricing. That being said, if we see a change in the growth opportunity in global debt markets, we will consider whether a different pricing model makes more sense and we would adjust.
Vincent Hung: Okay. And just a last one for me. So, can you talk a bit about the management change in MIS? Is it going to be business as usual or should we expect a maybe a different approach? Well, we're very pleased with all the work that Michel Madelain has done since he has been the President of MIS. So, in that respect, you should think of it as business as usual. That being said, Rob and Michel are not the same person. So, we're looking for good ideas. We're looking for good ideas from Michel going forward in his new role and from Rob in his new role. So, anticipate business as usual, but maybe not all exactly the same business.
Vincent Hung: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll now go with Denny Galindo with Morgan Stanley.
Denny Galindo: Hi there. Thanks for taking my questions. First one on the expenses. The incremental margins were very high in MIS, and I was wondering how much of that was due to kind of losing some of these things like rush fees and new issuer fees that might be kind of a higher-margin profile than some of the pure kind of transaction-based fees that you, guys, charge.
Raymond McDaniel: No. I really think that the focus should be on transaction volumes in terms of the change. Those other businesses, rating assessment service, and that sort of thing is really not a very large part of the revenue profile for MIS. And so, even though we appreciate when that area is more active, it's not a big contributor to changes in revenue or margin. It's really based off of volumes.
Linda Huber: Denny, a little bit more color, in the first quarter of 2016, in fact, expenses increased 4% over 2015, and you might want to ask why that was? The majority of that growth was to continue the growth, support the growth in Moody's Analytics which as you can see is performing beautifully. So, MA expenses grew 9% which supported revenue growth which was even greater. MIS expenses though were slightly down, and of course, we're trying to match the expense support for the revenue growth in the business. And we can't do that instantaneously. Most of the $50 million that we've already equipped and processed on expense management will come from shared services, that's the fourth part of the business which I run for the most part and then also to MIS. Moody's analytics is performing well and we will continue to invest in it. And if compensation view will be slightly different perhaps than the rest of the corporation, if it performs according to its targets which through the first quarter, it has, and even better, it's incentive compensation would be at target or perhaps even higher. So, we've been very cautious to match what we're doing here with where we're seeing growth and the further reason for the growth in that incentive compensation for the first quarter year-over-year was because of some of the additions that we made in head count last year and that some of the things we've already started at the very beginning of 2016. We have a very good handle on that right now and of course, we did see the acquisition of GGY which added some expense and we continue to make prudent technology investment. But this is very carefully planned expense management where we need it to support the growth areas and we're throttling back on those areas particularly the support areas where we can do that. So, very careful, very active management of our expenses.
Denny Galindo: Okay. That's helpful. I mean, that's a good segue into Moody's Analytics. That was a little strong and most of the guidance increase seems to be from the acquisition. We've also seen some stories coming out of our IFRS 9 and the equivalent GAAP rules which seem like might give you guys a pretty nice runway and ERS over the next, say, two to three years. Have you been able to kind of size that opportunity in a better way since we last spoke on IFRS 9 and these changes to the GAAP provisioning rules?
Raymond McDaniel: Denny, well, we've talked about this. IFRS 9, we think, is going to be a very nice growth driver for the business. We actually think that the prospect for IFRS 9 is probably richer for us than what we've gotten from stress testing because it's applicable to many, many more institutions all over the world. So we are very optimistic about IFRS 9. It's still early days, frankly, for that initiative. We've had some success thus far. We have a good pipeline and we have very good expectations for what we can do there. But you're absolutely right. We had good strength across MA in the first quarter, really very broad-based strength for Moody's Analytics. On a constant-dollar basis, every region was up double digits organically, so we feel that the business is just performing very well. And demand for the things that we're doing continues to be very strong. So, we've taken up guidance in ERS because of the GGY acquisition, but we've also taken up guidance in our RD&A, just reflecting strong underlying growth in the business.
Denny Galindo: Okay. And then just one last one. On the capital allocation guidance, you had this kind of $1 billion number out there. And typically, the way you formulaically do this, you end up buying more shares whenever - or spending more whenever the stock price is down. So, I was a little surprised that only - roughly 25% of the annual buyback rate occurred in the first quarter. I mean, is there - was there something kind of stopping you from - or did the formula not come out? Was it more aggressive buybacks in that quarter? And is this something that maybe we could increase that number if there is an attractive opportunity with the price in the second quarter or third quarter? Maybe just kind of your thoughts around on how that buyback number will progress?
Linda Huber: Denny, it's Linda. And then if Larry wants to chime in, I'm sure he will do so. So, we are working with the guidance of approximately $1 billion in buybacks, and we have to set our plan as we finish the previous quarter's earnings call. So, in the absence of better information when we did this close to 90 days ago now, we decided to keep our allocation pro rata across this year because you could see a couple of points that likely concerning around Brexit, around the U.S. election and so on. So, we started out spreading our money pro rata across the year. Now, we had some heavy tiering in place, and when the stock price fell to $78, we were able to buy back more shares quite cheaply. And in fact, we were at $89 and change for average repurchase price in the first quarter. Until yesterday the stock was in the high 90s and $100. So, we felt pretty good about that. So, I'll have to see where we want to go with that allocation over the rest of the year. But, again, we have to do this in advance for the coming quarter, and we can't change that allocation until we move in to another window period. So, that's the technical explanation of what's going on. I hope that's helpful to you, and maybe Ray has some further thoughts.
Raymond McDaniel: No. I think that's it.
Denny Galindo: That was very helpful. Thanks. That's it for me.
Raymond McDaniel: Sure.
Operator: We will now go to Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert: Thanks. So, the MIS revenue performance in the first quarter lagged just a little bit against your primary competitor. Anything to read into that in terms of changes in the market share dynamic?
Raymond McDaniel: No. Our coverage was very strong, and so I don't think that's part of the story. I think the story probably does revolve around the fact that we have more transactional-based pricing than our competitor. And so in a low-volume quarter, I think that's where you see the difference show up.
Peter Appert: Yeah. Makes sense. Ray, on the Brexit issue, let's say, God forbid, they make the wrong decision and decide to go, do you interpret that as a fundamental structural change in the market that might just reduce the issuance opportunity coming out of the EU?
Raymond McDaniel: Yeah. It's certainly for, I would think for some period of time that is going to be a disruptive influence in the European market. And not only because of an exit by the UK but whether that causes any other nations to rethink their position in the EU or in the Eurozone. So, it's quite speculative to try and anticipate what the overall consequence of this would be. That being said, it's also hard for me to imagine that in the short run it wouldn't have a chilling effect on issuance just because of the confusion about what the longer-term consequences would be.
Peter Appert: Right. Understood. So, then lastly for Mark. I'm wondering if it's possible for you to give us any color around a backlog metrics for the ERS business to help us better understand the sustainability growth? I'm asking this in the context of you've decided to accelerate the deliveries as a driver of revenue. I wonder if that brings down your backlog number that, therefore, makes the revenue growth number going forward look maybe less compelling.
Mark Almeida: Peter, the way to answer that is we've got frankly and we talked about this last time. For ERS, we've got a pretty modest revenue growth outlook this year partly because of the pull forward that we saw at the end of 2015. We pulled up a pretty sizeable chunk of revenue in the late 2015 from 2016, so that was impacting our 2016 growth rate. But we still - the business is still performing well, I mean, trailing 12 months sales are now down to I think 1% over prior year. I think that's really a question of difficult comps in this past quarter and in the second quarter of last year. We expect double-digit sales growth for the rest of this year. So, I think we're going to be in good shape as we move into 2017. I don't see this impairing growth in the business going forward.
Peter Appert: So, net new sales are running at a double-digit rate currently, is that the message?
Mark Almeida: Net new sales, well, again, to be very precise, trailing 12 months sales are up only 1% over where they were this time last year. That said, we had very, very strong growth in the second quarter of last year and in the first and second quarters of last year. So, we've got difficult comparables in this period. Moving ahead, in the quarter 2, 3 and 4 of 2016, we're projecting double-digit sales growth in ERS. So...
Peter Appert: And that's - I'm sorry, when you say double-digit sales growth, are you talking about new billings? Are you talking about...
Mark Almeida: Yeah. Yeah.
Peter Appert: ...recognized revenue?
Mark Almeida: No. No. I'm sorry. I'm talking about sales as opposed to revenue recognized on the P&L. So, billings would be the right metric.
Peter Appert: Got it. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: We'll now go to Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. First, Ray or Linda, can you just talk a little further about the high-yield market out there in the U.S. maybe in the context where are the default rates right now for the energy commodity companies? Do you separate that as default rates diversity the rest of the market for high yield?
Raymond McDaniel: No. Our forecast for the energy sector, the one-year forecast is for a 10% default rate and about 12.5% in metals and mining. So that obviously is elevated compared to the global 2016 forecast of about 4.5%. So, with the recent relative strength in energy prices, that might help these numbers tick down, but we'll have to see. The energy sector has been quite volatile through the first quarter. And it was a source of money both leading the high-yield sector, but then also money coming back in later in the quarter. So, it has contributed to the volatility and availability of funding based on the overall close in and out of that sector.
Craig Huber: And then where are you seeing the default rates for non-energy companies from high yield in the U.S. right now?
Raymond McDaniel: For our high-yield U.S., we're forecasting at year-end 6% in the U.S., about 2% in Europe. So, the global number would be about 4% - high 3s, 4%.
Craig Huber: Sorry, that's the non-energy related companies or the overall?
Raymond McDaniel: Yeah, that's with the overall spec grade.
Craig Huber: I guess you're informing them that the non-energy companies, the default rates. The health of those high-yield companies are much better shape, of course.
Raymond McDaniel: Exactly. Exactly.
Craig Huber: So, does that give you a reason for optimism for high yield? Is you kind of think out here over the next 12 months for high yield debt issuance for overall?
Raymond McDaniel: Yeah, I mean the spreads have certainly come in from where they peaked in early February. They've come in significantly. I think it would be beneficial for them to continue to come in because there's not a lot of refinancing that has to happen this year. It is more opportunistic. So, if we were moving out 12 months or 18 months, I would say this kind of spread environment is certainly supportive of refinancing for maturing debt but right now, we're in a more opportunistic environment, so more firms can wait and see if spreads continue to tighten or not.
Craig Huber: Two other questions please. One, is there any update Linda or Ray on the DOJ front if they potentially come after your company like they did a few years ago with SMP?
Raymond McDaniel: No, we've been disclosing in our Qs and K that we continue to have investigation, inquiries being made of us from the DOJ and state attorney general. That disclosure has remain very consistent, so there's really no new news to offer there.
Craig Huber: Good. And then last for Linda. If you could just give us an update for the first quarter breakdown of revenues on your four ratings areas. How those ratings broke down your high-yield bank loans, investment grade, et cetera, please.
Linda Huber: Sure, Craig. I'll start with the corporate sector, and we'll start with investment grade, and we're looking at Q1 2016 compared to 2015. So, for investment grade in 2016, we had $66 million of revenue from investment grade. That was 28% of the total for CFG which is $240 million. Last year, we had $87 million as investment grade and $298 million in corporates, so the percentage stayed about the same at 28%. That grade is where the story is. For the first quarter of this year, we had $30.3 million. That is less than half of last year's $62.7 million, and this year we're looking spec grade being 13% of the total. Bank loan is down a bit at $41.3 million versus $44.5 million last year. And 17% of the total and other about flat $102.6 million and 43% of the total for CFG. Going to structured. Again, quarter-over-quarter, 2016 versus 2015, ABS, asset-backed security, is pretty close, about $20 million for the first quarter of this year versus $21 million last year. Percentage is about flat at 22%. RMBS, also not that much movement. In fact, this was up in the first quarter of 2016 to almost $21 million versus about $18 million last year. Percentage was up to 23%. Commercial real estate here again was where we saw we had more dramatic difference, about $28 million in the first quarter of this year versus $33 million last year. Percentage is about 31% this year. Structured credit also have more dramatic change, $22 million this year versus almost 29 last year, and 24% of the total. So, that's the story in structured. FIG, not too much difference in FIG, total of $95 million for the first quarter of 2016 about flat to last year's about $94 million. FIG does not move around as much as the other line. So, for banks, we're about $59 million. Last year, was about $63 million, percentage is about 62%. Insurance did perform better. We're close to $30 million in insurance versus $25 million last year, that's 31% of the FIG total managed investments, about $4 million flat to last year in dollar and percent. Other also flat in dollar and the percent to about $2.5 million and 3%. And PPIF again, this is another less-than-pleasant surprise. Last year in the first quarter, PPIF in 2015 did $100 million. I'm sure we have a little bit less than $92 million. So, CFG severance is about $55 million, about flat to last year's $56 million. Project in infrastructures where we saw some weakness about $36.5 million versus last year's $44.5 million. So, that's about 40% of the PPIF line and about an 18% decline which was obviously not helpful. Then the other line is negligible for PPIF. So, again PPIF in total down 9% year-over-year. So, we had three out of four of the businesses having some challenges with corporates down the most in dollar and percent terms. Structured which is our second biggest business so off. And then PPIF off 9% as well, with banking about the same. So, again, if we have one of these engines have a bit of a challenge, we can usually figure it out and make it up somewhere else. But three out of four of the MIS engines down that's a little bit tricky. And so, you see the results in the quarter numbers.
Craig Huber: Great. Thanks for going through all that.
Operator: We will now go to Doug Arthur with Huber Research Partners.
Douglas Arthur: Yeah. Thanks. Two questions. I mean, Ray, there's been a bunch of sort indirect questions on this on the call, but I'm just trying to get a better sense of the trend in mandates globally right now. And then I've got a follow up.
Raymond McDaniel: Obviously, we're continuing to see significant number of new mandates. The first quarter, they were down a little bit compared to the first quarter of last year, and that would be typically associated with reduced debt market activity. So, we're convinced - I am convinced that it remains a very important fundamental long-term driver of the business. But it does follow the cycles of debt issuance activity, and so it was off slightly in the first quarter compared to last year.
Douglas Arthur: Okay. Great. And then, Linda, just a technical question per se, interest expense on an absolute basis was up quite a bit sequentially from the fourth quarter, I'm trying to understand within your tranches of debt, did anything materially changed there, Q4 - Q1 over Q4?
Linda Huber: Let me take a look at that Craig. Q1 over Q4, I think the answer to that is that we did reopen our 30-year notes in November of 2015. Now, not to call anybody out but a number of the analysts have completely missed that we took on $300 million worth of debt in the fourth quarter in November. We've talked about it a lot. But despite that, some folks have completely missed it. So, adding another $300 million of debt in November we only had, obviously, a partial inclusion of that debt in the fourth quarter and we had a full quarter of net interest expense in the first quarter. So, let me see. We - the fourth quarter, we had interest expense of $31.8 million, and that bumped up to $34.6 million in the first quarter of 2016. So, that's what that's all about. And again, sorry if we didn't signal this strongly enough. We thought we did. But everybody should note that we added $300 million to those 2,044 in November.
Craig Huber: That clarifies it. Thank you.
Linda Huber: Sure.
Operator: We will now go to Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo.
William Warmington: Good afternoon, everyone.
Raymond McDaniel: Hi, Bill.
William Warmington: So, a question for you on the improved outlook for Moody's Analytics. The - part of it is coming from the inclusion of GGY, but then RD&A is also - came in better than expected in Q1. What was actually going on within RD&A? That's normally pretty steady, predictable business and it's coming in on the upside, so I was going to ask for some color on what's driving that?
Raymond McDaniel: Bill, I think the short answer is we had very strong sales at the end of last year and at the beginning of this year. It's a subscription business. And so having sales come in a bit stronger than we expected, that's going to result in more revenues that gets recognized for the full year in 2016. And it was a combination of a number of things. Customer retention continues to improve. So, we got a little bit of a bump from that. New sales production has been very strong, so that contributed. Pricing has been good. So, I guess on the RD&A side one way to say this we're firing on all cylinders. We're just - we're doing quite well there. And as I mentioned earlier, we're doing well all over the world. So, the business is just quite strong and it added to the expectation for the year and prompted us to just move the guidance up.
William Warmington: And then a balance sheet question for you. You've got about $2.1 billion in cash. And could you remind us how much of that is offshore? And how do you feel about taking out some additional leverage at this point to support stock repurchases? And then I might as well ask about the private placement is coming due in 2017, just to ask if it's too early to ask what you're thinking about doing with that?
Linda Huber: Bill, we have 73% of our cash offshore to be exact and the total amount that we have is $2.066 billion. So, $1.05 billion offshore and a little bit more than $0.5 billion is onshore. We do have some room within our leverage. But given that we did the $300 million addition in the fourth quarter of last year, I think our view would be we're fine for right now. We'll wait and see what the end of the year looks like, but, yes, we could potentially put on a little bit more debt. We're watching the markets very closely. Your point is very good that we have a private placement with a particularly high coupon coming due in 2017, and we're running the breakevens on that right now, and we'll take a look at that. If we do decide to move toward the end of the year, that may or may not be included, depending on what the breakeven looks like. But we're watching the markets carefully. But since we did $300 million more in the fourth quarter in November, as I've just said, I think if we do anything, it might be more weighted toward the back half of the year. Our cash position is fine to continue with our share repurchase, and we'll continue to run our plans as we have guided.
William Warmington: Okay. Thank you for the insight.
Linda Huber: Sure.
Operator: We will now go with Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets.
Henry Chien: Hey. Good afternoon. It's Henry Chien calling in for Jeff. I just had a question, a follow-up question on MIS. Looking at the non-transaction revenues, how should we think about that for the rest of the year given the amount of mandate you already have and especially the environment sort of remains as it is right now? Any color you can provide, that would be appreciated.
Raymond McDaniel: For the monitoring fees, there gross will not change dramatically for quarters two, three and four. We got the biggest in the first quarter as we move into the New Year. And then we'll see - we'll continue to see growth, but it will be more modest through the remainder of the year.
Henry Chien: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And in terms of your guidance, the raised guidance for MA, are you also assuming some margin expansion or additional margin expansion for the segment, as well, for 2016?
Raymond McDaniel: Well, we don't provide guidance on the margin outlook but we can - as we have discussed, we're continuing to work in executing on all the plans we have in place to drive margin expansion and MA over the next several years. So, that plan remains intact. Obviously, the acquisition we did will have some impact on the margin in the near-term, but nevertheless, the work that we are doing to drive margin expansion given the maturity of the business and the scale that we are achieving, those continue to be a work in progress.
Henry Chien: Got it. Okay. Thanks so much.
Linda Huber: Henry, it's Linda. To be clear about this, we report our margins fully loaded with overhead costs. I would ask you to look at that very carefully compared to others who are in the same business. Mark's business has been particularly successful of late, and perhaps the less than happy outcome for him is that he's now allowed to carry more of the overhead allocation which makes his life a little bit harder on the margin line. So in the no good deed goes unpunished category, just something you might want to think about a little bit because we do most of that work after we look at what's clearly trackable and traceable for overhead allocation. That's based on the revenue view. So, Mark's progress is garnering him a little bit more overhead.
Henry Chien: Okay. Got it. Okay. All right. Thank you so much.
Operator: We'll now go to Tim McHugh with William Blair.
Tim McHugh: Yes. Thanks. Most of my questions have been asked. But just one quick one maybe would be if you have to make the additional $50 million of cuts if things got worse than, I guess, you've anticipated. I know the incentive comp is kind of formulaic, but that next tranche of cuts, I guess how deeply would that require you cutting at that point? Is it - at this point, it sounds like you've kind of gone through essential hiring. But what would be required to make that next layer. And I guess just trying to get a sense of how painful, I guess, that would have to be if that's where you had to go.
Linda Huber: Tim, let me just make one thing clear. We received a question why did we deal with our guidance right now on the first quarter call that's a little bit early for us. Part of the reason why we did that is change in guidance triggers the reduction in incentive compensation for us. In other words, we've just taken out about close to $20 million in incentive compensation for the first quarter and the rest of the year. That is the result of our pulling down the guidance. So, we will look at now how we perform according to where we are with the midpoint being $4.60. So, the next thing that would happen on $50 million is we'd be about evenly split between another $25 million in incentive compensation if our performance is weaker than we expect now, and some other cost cuts that we could make. We probably need to keep with some essential hiring, less so in shared services but certainly in MIS. We'd like Mark to continue with his hiring plans in MA because they're doing really well as he's outlined. And we've got to be thoughtful about what we're doing with our technology spend. Projects that we could postpone or dial back. I think we've largely done that. We're taking another pass through that, but again, there are certain things that we need to do around here and it gets harder with the second half. Again, we've had cost conditions in the first quarter. We view that as cyclical. We have better coverage proportionately and structured finance which has been hit hard in the first quarter and we're waiting to see what happens for the rest of the year. So, we think we're being prudent and incentive compensation is what we're going to do in order to keep the margin from being hit. Now, we've move the margin guidance down from about 42% to about 41%. So, we are holding the margin for the most part down 100 bps perhaps in the guidance but the first hit goes to incentive compensation and we would like the shareholders to note that it is our intention to hold the margin at about 41% which is still pretty healthy. We hope that helps in terms of your questions, Tim. If I missed anything, let me know.
Tim McHugh: No. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And we've got a Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Hey. So, the question is to the extent some of this market headwinds are impacting your customers and particularly the sell side that capital markets groups. Does that potentially post some sort of threat to your RD&A revenues or are those most in a buy side and pretty sticky?
Raymond McDaniel: We'll have Mark Almeida talk to that, Patrick.
Mark Almeida: Patrick, we have not historically seen very much correlation between head count cut backs on the sell side and the RD&A revenue and in fact, arguably as they cut back on head count, be it on the sell side or on the buy side, those organizations become more dependent on people like us as providers of information and analytical support. Where we saw a real impact on the business is when you're in a very, very, very bad environment like what we saw in 2009. But in this kind of an environment, we have not historically seen that as a headwind for RD&A and maybe even a benefit to RD&A.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Great. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And it appears that there are no other questions at this time, I will turn the call back over to Mr. McDaniel for any additional or closing remarks.
Raymond McDaniel: Okay. I just want to thank everyone for joining the call today and we look forward to speaking with you again in July. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes Moody's first quarter earnings call. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 PM Eastern Time on Moody's website. Thank you.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-05 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Salli Schwartz - Global Head of Investor Relations Raymond McDaniel - President and Chief Executive Officer Linda Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mark Almeida - President, Moody's Analytics Michel Madelain - President and Chief Operating Officer, Moody's Investors Service
Analysts: Manav Patnaik - Barclay’s Capital Inc. Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Alex Kramm - UBS Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray William Bird - FBR Capital Markets Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Doug Arthur - Huber Research Partners William Warmington - Wells Fargo Warren Gardiner - Evercore Partners Inc. Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Denny Galindo - Morgan Stanley Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research Patrick O’Shaughnessy - Raymond James
Operator: Good day and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the Moody’s Corporation Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year-End 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for question and answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Salli Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody’s fourth quarter and full-year results for 2015, as well as our outlook for full-year 2016. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. This morning Moody’s released its results for the fourth quarter and full-year 2015, as well as our outlook for full-year 2016. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody’s President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning’s conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Moody’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today’s remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the Management’s Discussion and Analysis section and the Risk Factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s websites. These, together with the Safe Harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I’ll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond McDaniel: Thanks, Salli. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today’s call. I’ll begin by summarizing Moody’s fourth quarter and full-year 2015 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. I will then conclude with comments on our outlook for 2016. After our prepared remarks, we’ll be happy to respond to your questions. In the fourth quarter, Moody’s delivered revenue of $866 million, a decline of 1% from the fourth quarter of 2014, but an increase of 2% on the constant currency basis. Operating expense for the fourth quarter was $533 million, flat to the fourth quarter of 2014. Operating income was $333 million, down 3% from the prior year period. Adjusted operating income defined as operating income less depreciation and amortization was $362 million, also down 3% from the same period last year. Operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2015 was 38.5% and the adjusted operating margin was 41.8%. Diluted earnings per share of $1.09, was down 3% from the prior year period. For full-year 2015, Moody’s achieved revenue and EPS growth for the sixth consecutive year, despite difficult market conditions. Moody’s revenue was $3.5 billion, an increase of 5% from the prior year or 9% on a constant currency basis. Revenue of Moody’s Investors Service was $2.3 billion, an increase of 3% from 2014 or 8% on a constant currency basis. Revenue of Moody’s analytics was $1.2 billion, 8% higher than the prior year period, or 12% on a constant currency basis. Operating expense for full-year 2015 was $2 billion, up 6% from 2014. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted operating expense by 4%. Operating income of $1.5 billion increased 2% from 2014. Adjusted operating income of $1.6 billion increased 3% from the prior year period. Operating margin for full-year 2015 was 42.3% and the adjusted operating margin was 45.5%. On a constant currency basis and excluding our 2014 and 2015 acquisitions, operating margin and adjusted operating margin would have increased approximately 40 and 50 basis points respectively year over year. Full-year 2015 earnings per share of $4.63 increased from $4.61 in 2014. Non-GAAP EPS of $4.60 was up 9% from $4.21 in 2014. In both years, non-GAAP EPS excluded a $0.03 benefit from legacy tax matters. Full-year 2014 non-GAAP EPS also excluded a $0.37 gain, resulting from Moody’s acquisition of a controlling interest is ICRA Limited in the second quarter of 2014. I’ll now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Linda Huber: Thanks, Ray. I’ll begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody’s total revenue for the fourth quarter decreased 1% to $866 million, but was up 2% on a constant currency basis. U.S. revenue of $481 million was up 1% from the fourth quarter of 2014. Non-U.S. revenue of $385 million was down 4%, but up 4% on a constant currency basis. Revenue generated outside the U.S. represented 44% of Moody’s total revenue. Recurring revenue of $446 million represented 51% of total revenue. Looking now at each of our businesses, starting with Moody’s Investors Service, total MIS revenue for the quarter was $545 million, down 4% from the prior year period, but flat on a constant currency basis. U.S. revenue decreased 2% to $338 million. Non-U.S. revenue of $206 million declined 7%, but was up 2% on a constant currency basis. Revenue generated outside the U.S. represented 38% of total ratings revenue. Moving now to the lines of business for MIS; first, global corporate finance revenue in the fourth quarter was $246 million, down 7% from the prior year period, or 4% on a constant currency basis. This result reflected lower levels of non-U.S. investment grade and global speculative grade bond issuance, partially offset by improved levels of U.S. and European bank loan issuance. U.S. corporate finance revenue increased 1%, while non-U.S. revenue decreased 20%. Second, global structured finance revenue for the fourth quarter was $114 million, down 4% from the prior year period, but flat on a constant currency basis. Increased activity across most areas of structured finance partially offset lower CLO issuance. U.S. structured finance revenue was down 3% and non-U.S. revenue was down 5%. Third, global financial institutions revenue of $92 million was up 8% from the prior year period or 13% on a constant currency basis. This revenue was driven primarily by the U.S. insurance and European banking sectors. U.S. financial institutions revenue was up 7% and non-U.S. revenue was up 8%. Fourth, global public, project and infrastructure finance revenue of $85 million was down 5% versus the prior year period or 2% on a constant currency basis, primarily as a result of decreased U.S. public finance activity. U.S. public, project and infrastructure finance revenue was down 10%, while non-U.S. revenue was up 4%. MIS Other, which consists of non-rating revenue from Moody’s majority-owned joint ventures ICRA and Korea Investors Service or KIS, contributed $7 million to MIS revenue for the fourth quarter, compared to $8 million in the prior year period. And turning now to Moody’s Analytics, global revenue for MA of $321 million was up 3% from the fourth quarter of 2014 or 6% on a constant currency basis. U.S. revenue of $143 million was up 6% year-over-year. Non-U.S. revenue of $178 million was up 1%, or 6% on a constant currency basis. Revenue generated outside the U.S. represented 56% of total MA revenue. And moving now to the lines of business for MA; first, global Research, Data & Analytics or RD&A, revenue of $161 million was up 8% from the prior year period or 11% on a constant currency basis, and represented 50% of total MA revenue. Growth was mainly due to strong new sales and product upgrades coupled with record customer retention. U.S. revenue was up 10% and non-U.S. revenue was up 5% or 11% on a constant currency basis. Second, Enterprise Risk Solutions or ERS generated record revenue of $122 million and was up 1% from last year or 4% on a constant currency basis. Growth was driven by strength in the credit assessment and originations and stress testing businesses. U.S. and non-U.S. ERS revenue were each up 1%. Trailing 12-months revenue and sales for ERS increased 14% and 11% respectively. As we’ve noted in the past, due to the variable nature of product timing - excuse me, project timing and completion, ERS revenue remains subject to quarterly volatility. Third, global professional services revenue of $38 million, was down 10% from the prior year period or 6% on a constant currency basis. This result was primarily due to lower net new business at Copal Amba as well as the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange on the credentials and licensing business. U.S. professional services revenue was down 7%, while non-U.S. revenue was down 11%. And turning now to expenses, Moody’s fourth quarter expense was $533 million, flat to the prior year period. An increase in compensation expense for merit increases and hiring was entirely offset by reduced incentive compensation. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted expense by 3%. Operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2015 of 38.5% was down from 39.3% in 2014. Adjusted operating margin of 41.8% was down from 42.4%. On a constant currency basis, and excluding our 2014 and 2015 acquisitions, operating margin for the quarter would have been flat year over year and adjusted operating margin would have increased approximately 20 basis points. Moody’s effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 29.4% compared with 28.1% for the prior year period. This increase was primarily due to a reduced percentage of income from lower tax rate jurisdictions primarily offset by the favorable resolution of tax audits. And now I’ll provide an update on capital allocation. On December 15, 2015 Moody’s increased its quarterly dividend by 9% from $0.34 to $0.37 per share of common stock. Over the course of 2015, Moody’s returned $272 million to its shareholders by dividend payments. With regard to share repurchase, during the fourth quarter of 2015, Moody’s repurchased 2 million shares at a total cost of $193 million or an average cost of $100.09 per share and issued 261,000 shares as part of its employee stock-based compensation plan. Full-year 2015, Moody’s repurchased 10.9 million shares for $1.1 billion or $101.14 per share, and issued 3.2 million shares under employee stock-based compensation plan. Outstanding shares as of December 31, 2015 totaled 196.1 million shares, down 4% from December 31, 2014. In December 2015, the Board of Directors authorized $1 billion share repurchase program to commence following the completion of the existing program. Including this incremental program as of December 31, 2015, Moody’s had $1.5 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. And turning now to Moody’s leverage, in November 2015 Moody’s issued $300 million of 5.25% senior unsecured notes due 2044. At the end of 2015 Moody’s had $3.4 billion of outstanding debt and $1 billion of additional debt capacity available under its revolving credit facility. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at quarter-end were $2.2 billion, up $555 million from December 31, 2014. As of December 31, 2015 approximately 68% of Moody’s cash and cash equivalents were maintained outside the U.S. Free cash flow for the full-year of 2015 was $1.1 billion, up 13% from full-year 2014, primarily due to changes in working capital. And with that, I’ll turn the call back over to Ray.
Raymond McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I’ll conclude this morning’s prepared comments by discussing our full-year guidance for 2016. Moody’s outlook for 2016 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions, consumer borrowing and securitization, and the amount of debt issued. These assumptions are subject to some degree of uncertainty and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Moody’s guidance assumes foreign currency translation for the British pound of a $1.42 to the pound and for the euro of $1.09 to the euro. For all other currencies, Moody’s assumes end of 2015 exchange rates. Although we expect continued market volatility, we’re projecting mid-single digit percent revenue growth in 2016 as well as EPS of $4.75 to $4.85. Operating expenses expected to grow in the mid-single-digit percent range. Moody’s projects an operating margin of approximately 42% and an adjusted operating margin of approximately 45%. The effective tax rate is expected to be 32% to 32.5%. 2016 free cash flow is expected to be approximately $1.1 billion. Moody’s expect share repurchases to be approximately $1 billion, subject to available cash, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decisions. Capital expenditures are projected to be $125 million to $135 million. Depreciation and amortization expense is expected to be approximately $130 million. For MIS, we expect 2016 revenue to grow in the mid-single-digit percent range. Both U.S. and non-U.S. MIS revenue are also expected to increase in mid-single-digit percent range. Corporate finance revenue is expected to be flat. Structured finance revenue and public, project and infrastructure finance revenue are each expected to grow in the high-single-digit percent range. Financial institutions revenue is expected to grow in the mid-single-digit percent range. For MA, 2016 revenue is expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. U.S. revenue is expected to grow in the high-single-digit percent range and non-U.S. revenue is expected to be flat. Research, data and analytics revenue is projected to grow in the mid-single-digit percent range. Enterprise risk solutions revenue is expected to grow in the low-single-digit percent range, following earlier than anticipated recognition of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2015. Professional services revenue is expected to decline in the low-single-digit percent range. This concludes our prepared remarks and joining us for the question-and-answer session is Michel Madelain, President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody’s Investors Service; and Mark Almeida, President of Moody’s Analytics. We’d be pleased to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Manav Patnaik from Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Yes, good afternoon. My first question, which I’m sure you’re anticipating, is just around the issuance assumptions, particularly on the ratings business. Could you just help give us a little bit more color on your underlying assumptions in terms of the global issuance volume forecast and maybe some of the moving pieces within those categories? And it sounds like other than corporate finance, everything else is up nicely, which is sort of contrary to I think what a lot of us were expecting. So just hoping you could shed some color on those pieces there.
Raymond McDaniel: Sure, let me let Linda start this off and if I have anything to add, I will.
Linda Huber: Sure, Manav, Salli is going to put up a new slide, which looks at the summation of views we’ve gotten from a number of investment banks. And we received this on the afternoon of February 3. This is solely U.S. issuance information though. And it is for both financial and nonfinancial bonds and leverage loans. I’ll go through each of the categories that hopefully you could see up on the screen. Finally, I’ll conclude by making some quick comments on the European outlook. So firstly, investment grade, for January we saw about $125 billion of issuance. And it was the fourth highest volume month ever. However, $46 million of that issuance came from one deal, the Amba’s [ph] deal. We are encouraged by approximately $200 billion in the visible M&A pipeline, but volatility is impacting the pace of that issuance. So the pipeline is healthy, but we do seem to have some backup in the issuance pipeline. All-in funding costs are generally quite attractive. And lastly, the last point there and it’s just in M&A, shareholder-friendly activities continue to be cited as a use of proceeds. So for the year, we see about $1.2 trillion in investment grade issuance in the U.S., which is about flat year over year. And that’s a reasonable outlook that we can work with. Moving on to the speculative grade categories, high-yield bonds, January about $7 billion of issuance. The leverage market was soft in December. That tone has continued into January and that makes us cautious. $35 billion is in the forward pipeline, and again we see two classes of issuers, those with higher quality speculative grade names have access and those with lower ratings don’t; continuing headwinds coming from the commodities’ volatility issues and default rate concerns. And last week, we saw inflows back into high-yield funds, which we hadn’t seen since the start of the year, which may indicate that perhaps we’re establishing some stability which would be helpful. Though for the year, estimates range pretty widely on high-yield bonds. About $240 billion is the sort of mean number that we’re seeing. That’s down 15% year over year. Last year, I think we did about $275 billion. And this number has come down as we’ve moved to this point in time. Leverage loans, we saw a $20 billion of issuance left in January and expecting $260 billion, which is down 10% for the year; so we’ve seen low volumes in the high-yield bond markets and loans are about on pace with 2015. Leverage loan activity was consistent week-to-week in January. And banks expect this to continue. Again we can see $45 billion in the forward pipeline, but the timing of that is very much open to discussion and of taken default could cause the loan space to be impacted negatively, but less so than the high yield bond market; so investment grade in summary in the U.S., about flat this year, high yield bonds down 15% and leverage loans down about 10%. Now in Europe, just in terms of what we’re seeing there, generally, we see broader views as to what could happen this year in terms of issuance, but generally for Europe from the banks we’re seeing investment grade up about 10%, high yield bonds down about 10%, and leverage loans up about 5%. In terms of what we are seeing, the ten-year is quite tame at this point about 184, 185, and spreads on U.S. investment grade bonds about 216 bps and in high yield about 765 bps. So spreads have widened, but the ten-years come in, so we think all-in financing costs are relatively attractive. In Europe, the spread numbers are about 154 basis points for investment grade and for high yield about 538 basis points. So with that, I’ll turn it over to Ray. And potentially Michel may have some other color as well.
Raymond McDaniel: The only thing I would add is with respect to new rating mandates. We did have a healthy pace of new mandates throughout the year in 2015 coming in at about 770 new mandates. And that has continued to be a healthy pipeline early this year. So there’s obviously going to be decisions by potential new issuers about when and if they want to get in the market and I agree with Linda’s comments on stability, will encourage them in. But we take that as a good sign in terms of the pipeline of new activity of fresh names.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks for that. And so, just one follow-up, in terms of just clarifying your mid-single-digit guidance for the total company and then for the divisions as well, what is the exact FX impact you are assuming in both those for the total? And I presume MA has a bigger hit to the numbers?
Raymond McDaniel: The overall impact of FX would be about 1% unfavorable on revenue and about 2% favorable on expense. I don’t have the breakdown by the individual business units, but that’s for the overall corporation.
Manav Patnaik: Okay.
Linda Huber: Manav, just to sort of put a stake in it for you, we’ve looked at - we budgeted as we said at $1.09 on the euro, the euro has in fact moved up a bit from there; and $1.42 on the pound. The net impact is, if the euro moves down from $1.09 by about $0.01 that hits us about $0.01 in EPS. But as we said, since we finished putting this together and in fact the euro has appreciated versus the dollar. And I don’t know if anyone else has any more specific comments. And that’s…
Manav Patnaik: Okay. All right. Thanks guys. I’ll jump back in the queue.
Linda Huber: Okay.
Raymond McDaniel: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Andre Benjamin with Goldman Sachs.
Andre Benjamin: Thank you. Good morning.
Linda Huber: Good morning, Andre.
Andre Benjamin: My first question is the one area you didn’t talk about in the detailed rundown is the structured finance pocket. So I’m just wondering what you’re seeing that makes you assume that accelerates the high-single-digit from mid-single-digit guidance last year and report it? And then, how much of that is being driven by a U.S. versus a Europe view?
Raymond McDaniel: Sure. We are really looking at strength in multiple areas of structured finance in 2016, within offset coming from the CLO sector, which we think is going to be softer. And really, I think the most important driver in structured side is the refinancing that has to occur for commercial real estate. So we expect to have a strong year for CMBS in particular, but also we expect to continue to see growth in the asset-backed and residential mortgage-backed security sectors. That is - and that improvement we anticipate in really all geographies, probably stronger in the U.S. except for the CLO area than in Europe, but we do expect to see growth around the world.
Andre Benjamin: And then, you guys have always done a very good job of controlling cost and delivering on the margin. I guess, no one has the perfect crystal ball on the issuance for the year. If the view in issuance changes to the upside or, god forbid, to the downside, how should we think about how much room left you have there to continue to manage cost since you have already run the ship so tight so far?
Linda Huber: Sure, Andre. Couple of comments. I would note that in the fourth quarter expenses were flat. And with incentive comp, we offset any other increase in compensation. So we’re pretty aggressive about managing expenses as you had noted. Just a couple of comments. If in fact the top line does pick up, we get pretty good operating leverage on those increases from the top-line. The only incremental piece that we really need to pay would be incentive compensation. So we look at maybe $0.60, $0.70 on the dollar of revenue so that is very helpful. As you pointed out the top line is the tricky part for this year. And we’re looking at margin being about flat. We finished last year at 42.3% and we’re saying that will be about flat this year. To be perfectly honest, it’s a little tough for us to have the margin come in exactly at where we expect it to. But we are reinvesting in our business and we think flat margin is fine. From an FX adjusted basis, we’re planning for expenses to increase by about $100 million in 2016 and those are about evenly split between three different things. The first is the roll-forward of the hiring we did at 2015. Second would be the hiring we’re doing in 2016. And the third would really be around technology and real estate changes that we’re making. On the technology piece, we are investing in our systems. Cyber security is a piece of that, which I think every financial corporation is looking at right now. And then we do have a bit heavier than usual real estate piece. I think you’ve probably seen, we’ve taken two floors over at One World Trade Center at very attractive rates. And the 52nd floor here in this building at 7 World Trade also at very attractive rates. But we do need to get those new floors online here and there will be some expenses associated with that. So nothing very exciting, but to drive the top line, which we think is pretty healthy, given what other companies are putting up. To drive mid-single-digits we do need to spend some money. And our plans are modest, but we are thinking revenue will be about flat. I don’t know if Ray or the division heads had anything more to say on that.
Raymond McDaniel: No, the only reminder I would make is that our reaction to cyclical changes is going to be less material than anything we see happening that’s more structural in nature. And so, if we do see structural changes in our markets, we are going to react more aggressively on the expense side.
Andre Benjamin: Thank you.
Linda Huber: Sure.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm: Hey, good morning.
Linda Huber: Hi, Alex.
Alex Kramm: Hey, coming back to the guidance for a second. Can you talk about the recurring fees on the rating agency a little bit? First of all, what are you expecting there? But more importantly, when you talk about monitoring fees in particular, I think that’s the biggest piece, how should we be thinking about that from a cyclically challenged perspective if there is one? I guess, what I’m trying to say is, if there are defaults in the high yield market that are picking up, if issuance slows at one point do monitoring fees start to kind of like roll-off and how should we be thinking about that?
Linda Huber: Alex, let - maybe Ray and I can take a start at that and then we’ll ask Michel to think about it. The monitoring fees are the most constant part of our business. And the average life of debt right now is about seven years. So they moved very slowly. But we do have price increases on those fees year over year on new mandates that we bring on. And we would expect that that line would move to the upside and would move gradually. I’m not sure that defaults would have much of an impact on that. They’re really two different things. But I’ll ask Ray for his comments.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. It would not be material. We have, I think as Linda mentioned, we have a trailing 12 months default rate for high yield at little over 3%, and we’re expecting that to increase by year end 2016 to about 4.5%. That 1.2%, 1.3% difference in default rates is not going to be material to the overall monitoring fees we get in, which obviously include not only the high yield sector, but the investment grade sector, and non-corporate monitoring fees as well.
Alex Kramm: Okay, great. And then, secondly, this is small part of your business, but was a little surprised in the professional services guidance. I mean, it seems like last year there was a - the tough comps from shutting down some businesses, that having that down again this year. Anything else going on, there is just a very tough environment, or why is not accelerating now, that you can right size the business it seems?
Linda Huber: Sure, Alex. I’ll take a shot on that for Copal Amba and then I’ll turn it over to Mark on the training business. So what’s behind this Copal Amba? We had attrition of one large customer account. Now as you aware, you’re quite aware, Alex, the global banks are having some challenges right now. And some of them are responding to that by increasing headcount at Copal Amba, but one large bank went the other way. So we have to lap back. We are working very hard on restructuring of sales functioning and broadening away from the global banks in terms of the customers that we serve. And that’s going well. We are encouraged by our early progress there. But we did make very good strides integrating the business last year. We’ve really ramped up our internal efforts of having Copal Amba to support both Moody’s Analytics and the rating agency. So we are very encouraged by that. But as I said, we did have one large bank go the other way, and we’ve got to work through that. Maybe Mark wants to talk a little bit about training.
Mark Almeida: Sure, Alex. In the training business, we had a very good year in 2015 on the sales side in training, which is going to result in much better revenue out of that business in 2016. So that’s the good news. We still have a pretty sizable FX hit in the training business, so which is going to hold down the reported growth rate. But I think we’ve got some - we got much more strength on the training piece of professional services in 2016 than we saw in 2015.
Alex Kramm: Okay, helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert: Thanks, good morning. So maybe for Mark, the strength in the Enterprise Risk Solutions business is noteworthy. I know you pointed out that some of it is timing, but this is the second year in a row we’ve got this timing benefit. So I’m wondering why you’re not a little more upbeat in terms of the revenue growth potential there.
Mark Almeida: I am not more upbeat about 2016, because we had two consecutive years of benefit from timing. We had a big revenue recognition event in the fourth quarter. We knew that was coming. We just didn’t know when it was going to come and it happened to come through in the late part of 2015 rather than in early 2016. So that was good news for 2015, but of course it impacts the 2016 outlook. The other thing we have going on, Peter, is that we continue to take some FX hits as we roll into 2016 as well. So we are a bit modest in our expectations for ERS in 2016. I’d just remind you that over the last - well, we had 1% growth in the fourth quarter in 2015, but that was off of a very strong 42% growth in the fourth quarter of 2014, so that was pretty good. If you look at the prior seven quarters, four of those quarters we came in at 24% or better and the other three were 12%, 13% and 14%. So we’ve had a pretty long run now, a very strong growth in the ERS business. And we’re just going to settle out a little bit in 2016 as we kind of get the - as the timing normalizes, if you will.
Peter Appert: What does that suggest then, Mark, in terms of the sustainable growth rate in that business?
Mark Almeida: We continue to feel very good about the sustainability of the business. Again, if you look at on the sales side, sales growth was very healthy in 2015 despite our having taken about two points of FX hit. The other thing, I would just remind you of, and we’ve spoken about this before, but we told you we are deemphasizing the Implementation Services business. That’s the relatively low margin piece of the ERS business, which has been driving a lot top-line growth for us, but hasn’t been doing much on the margin. So as we back away from that, we’re going to give up a couple of points of growth on the top line to set ourselves up for more profitable growth going forward. And that’s a little bit - again, if these plans work out the way we’ve organized them, that’s going to be again a bit of a one-time hit to top line growth in 2016, but should set us up for good growth going forward and more profitable growth going forward.
Peter Appert: So on that front, Mark, you’ve talked in the past about this mid-20% margin target. The margin is up just a little bit in 2015. So is the mid-20% target still relevant? Will we see progress towards that goal in 2016? And I’m asking this partly in the context of Linda’s earlier comment about sort of being comfortable with flattish margins. Are you backing away at all from the expectation of margin upside in Analytics?
Mark Almeida: Well, as we’ve said, we are - we view the margin expansion program for MA as something that is going to take place over several years. We view it as a marathon rather than a sprint. So we still have those plans in effect. We have the variety of things that we’re doing, that we believe will position us to run a more profitable business. The other thing I would note however, Peter, just to keep in mind in the context of Linda’s comments is that, as MA grows and grows faster than the rating agency as we saw in 2015, we do attract more corporate overhead. So we’ve also - we’ve got that offset going on as well. But nevertheless, our plans for driving more profit out of the business are still intact. We’re executing on those plans. We feel good about what we’re doing.
Peter Appert: Okay. Thanks. I’ll follow-up later. Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Bill Bird with FBR.
William Bird: Good morning. Just as a follow-up, Mark, I was wondering if you could size the timing benefit to revenues in ERS on the deliverable that was referenced. And secondly just wondering, if you’re seeing any change in client behavior in terms of their willingness to buy given the context of world volatility. Thank you.
Mark Almeida: As for the first piece, it was about $20 million that we pulled from 2016 into 2015. So it just gives you a sense of the scale of that thing. With respect to your second question, the short answer is no, demand continues to be very healthy. We really haven’t observed any meaningful change in customer behavior. We haven’t observed sales cycles lengthening or anything like that. The sales pipeline is very, very healthy. So honestly, I can’t say that we’ve observed anything that would suggest that what we’re reading about in the newspapers is impacting demand for what we’re selling.
William Bird: And just as a follow on, can you give us a sense of just the size, rough size, of the implementation business that you are deemphasizing?
Mark Almeida: I don’t think we’ve disclosed that in the past. We’ve talked about - if you think about that as kind of the nonrecurring portion of the ERS business or at least a substantial piece of it, you can look at it in those terms. I think we’ve talked about that.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, and I would also just add that this is not - we’re not stepping away completely from Implementation Services.
Mark Almeida: Yes, yes.
Raymond McDaniel: We will still do some of that, because it supports the product sales.
Mark Almeida: Yes.
Raymond McDaniel: So it’s difficult for us to give you a precise number on that, because we don’t know exactly what that interaction between implementation services and product sales will continue to be.
Mark Almeida: Yes, that’s exactly right. I mean to be clear we’re not taking Implementation Services to zero. We’re just not - we’re planning to keep it flat in 2016. But as Ray observed, and he’s quite right, we don’t have complete control over that. A lot of that will be down to what the customers want and what we think is the right thing to do in order to drive growth in the licenses and subscription sides of business.
William Bird: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Tim McHugh with William Blair & Company.
Timothy McHugh: Yes, thanks. I want to ask, emerging markets, just in the past you guys have - it’s basically my math was it added almost a point to growth in the last couple of years just in general, obviously choppier markets there. Can you talk about what’s the outlook there? Have you seen a slowdown in new ability to add new mandates and grow in those markets?
Raymond McDaniel: Michel, do you want to comment on the emerging market.
Michel Madelain: Yes. I think clearly these markets have been, as you know, are subject to a fair amount of stress. And we’ve seen impact notably in Latin America post-Petrobras. And in Asia actually, we have - we continue to have a good pipeline of new mandates, coming out of China notably. Although, the region clearly is subject to some of the economic pressures that you’re very familiar with. Rise of emerging market, that’s really - the Gulf States and Middle East, and those are small businesses really.
Timothy McHugh: Okay. And as we think about price I know you target 3% to 4% over time. But I guess in the context of the current macro. Can you get, I mean, does still serve for us to think about three or four points of growth from price and the type of environment that we’re expecting for 2016?
Mark Almeida: Yes. We have built in pricing assumptions for 2016 that support our outlook, so we are still able to factor in price. As I’ve said in the past, some of the price does relate to issuance volumes. So if we change bond fees, and bonds are not issued then changing the bond fee doesn’t really matter. So what we’re going to - what the mix is in terms of issuance and how that aligns with where we feel we are adding particular value and think that we can adjust pricing. So I would stick with our long term comment that we think we can get three to four points on average. And we’ll see this year based on volume.
Timothy McHugh: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Yes, hi, thank you. Ray, you talked about default rates for high yield. I believe you said in the U.S. 3% going to 4.5% the year out. What are those numbers, please, if you exclude the energy sector?
Raymond McDaniel: If you exclude energy, as of year-end 2015, the 12-month default rate was actually quite low. It was about 1.6%. So with - and we don’t have a - don’t publish a speculative grade forecast by industry. But you can look at that 1.6% ex oil and gas, and metals and mining as compared to the overall default rate of 3.2% as of December.
Craig Huber: Okay. And then also, Ray, just in general, when you look at the corporate debt market out there, both in the U.S. and Europe, are you seeing anything out there that makes you think there’s too much debt in the system out there, whether the coverage ratio is relative to EBITDA, what have you, relative to GDP?
Raymond McDaniel: I wouldn’t say we’ve seen anything that we characterize as a bubble. There obviously are some parts of the market that have more leverage than others and obviously there is stress in the energy, metals and mining sectors. But looking at the market more broadly, there’s nothing that I would say we’ve identified as being a particular red flag.
Craig Huber: Okay. And then also in your guidance for ratings up mid-single-digit revenue for the year, would you characterize that as back half of the year weighted? And if so, are you also expecting more than normal pull forward, if any debt issuance from the refinancing wall in 2017 coming into the back half of 2016? I mean, how do you sort of see this either playing out in terms of the cadence of the revenue growth or lack thereof as the year progresses to get to that mid-single-digit number for ratings? Thanks.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. I’ve thought for a while that the second-half of the year offers more potential probably than the first-half of the year and in part, because we do have the refinancing build from 2017 through 2019 coming closer on the horizon. And also just because we’ve been through a recent period of really strong volatility in the markets, and I think markets looking for more stability in energy and seeing where spreads settle that’s going to encourage. The stability itself will encourage issuance in addition to the refinancing walls that will be coming closer.
Craig Huber: Okay. But a last question, Linda, I typically ask you. Can you break down the revenues by your four major categories within ratings, high-yield versus bank loan versus investment grade in the fourth quarter?
Linda Huber: Sure, Craig. We can do that. So we’re doing Q4 2015 and the first line of business is corporate finance. So we’re going to look at four different areas: investment grade, spec grade, bank loans and other. The total revenue for this category for the fourth quarter was $246 million. So investment grade was $71 million, about flat from the fourth quarter last year in terms of percentages, little bit down on dollar basis. Spec grade decreased to $26.5 million from last year’s $34.1 million in the fourth quarter. Bank loan interestingly increased in the fourth quarter of 2015 to $44 million from last year’s $37 million. And bank loans were 18% of this total corporate line. Other was $104.4 million, down from last year’s $112 million, and represented 42% of splits. And again corporates represented 45% of the MIS revenues for the fourth quarter of 2015. Moving on to structured, we’ll go through five different lines. The total for structured is $114 million in 2015. First, to look at ABF and that was about $24 million, up a little bit from last year’s $22 million. Second is residential mortgage-backed securities, $23 million, up a bit from last year’s $20 million; commercial real estate, $37.5 million, up from last year’s about $36 million; and structured credit at about $30 million, down from last year’s $40 million; and others are pretty negligible, so again that all comes to $214 million. If we move on to FIG, total is about $92 million for the fourth quarter, and we look at banking, insurance, managed investments and other. So banking is about $61 million, about flat from last year’s $60 million. Insurance at about $24 million is up nicely from last year’s $19 million. Managed investments at $4.4 million, was flat to last year. And other at two-and-change was also flat to last year. And then lastly we go to PPIF, total is $85 million here. We’ve got three categories, which include PFG and sovereign first, which is about $46 million. Last year we’re about $48 million on this line for the fourth quarter. Project and infrastructure is the second category, about $40 million here, which is down from last year’s $42 million. And then other is negligible really in both periods. So I think that’s the total split of the big categories. Craig, does that get it done for you?
Craig Huber: Yes, perfect. Thank you.
Linda Huber: Sure.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Doug Arthur with Huber Research.
Doug Arthur: Linda, you mentioned that you dropped incentive comp or controlled that pretty aggressively in the fourth quarter. Can you give us some idea of the numbers there? Thanks.
Linda Huber: Sure. So for fourth quarter of 2015 incentive compensation was 13% of our total comp expenses of $336 million for the quarter, which was just about flat to what we did for last year, but the components were quite different. For this year we put up $44 million in the fourth quarter for incentive compensation. Last year we put up $53 million. So this was delta of almost $9 million. The fourth quarter of 2015 didn’t come in as strong as we might have liked, and therefore the incentive compensation accrual backed off by quite a bit. Also what was interesting is last year we did have $7 million of profit sharing in the fourth quarter. And for this fourth quarter we did not have any profit sharing. And so that saved another $7 million, so really $16 million there, reduction in those two lines. Now, on salaries and benefits, we did move up from $255 million last year to about $272 million this year. So again, that increase in salaries and benefits were - that was completely offset by what happened with the incentive compensation. Stock-based comp was about flat at $20.5 million, so not much going on differently there. But, I think, what we want to demonstrate here, Doug, is we pulled the incentive comp lever pretty hard if things are a little bit weaker than we think. And the first reduction there goes to unfortunately to the employees. So that’s how we handled it. I hope that’s helpful.
Doug Arthur: Yes. No, that’s great. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo.
William Warmington: Good afternoon, everyone.
Raymond McDaniel: Hi, Bill.
William Warmington: So I have a question for you on MIS. If you look at total MIS growth rate on a two-year basis, and by that I mean you just take the growth of a quarter and add it to the growth rate of a quarter year ago, it had been moving at about mid-teens for the first three quarters of 2015 and then the fourth quarter just reported it dropped to about 4%. And if we assume - and that 4% would line up with the guidance for MIS for 2016 - if we assume that that 4% two-year comp is kind of the target for 2016 and we go through by the quarters and keeping that 4%, it would imply Q1 will be about - down about 10%, Q2 up about 2%, Q3 up about 4%, and Q4 up about 7% to 8%. And I just wanted to run that by you to see of that is how the methodology was okay or maybe you could suggest a better one in terms of looking at how to think about the progression of MIS throughout the year given the uncertainties of the market.
Raymond McDaniel: Bill, it’s Ray. I have to be honest; I didn’t quite keep up with all the math. But maybe what I can do to be helpful is to remind listeners that our revenue typically follows a saw-tooth pattern with the second and fourth quarters being stronger, first and third quarters being softer. We did not see that pattern strongly in 2015, because of weakness in the fourth quarter. And I would anticipate at this point in time that we would be back to more of the traditional saw-tooth going into 2016. So second and fourth quarters - and I would also anticipate that, as I mentioned a little while ago, that we may see momentum picking up in the second-half of the year this year.
William Warmington: Yes. Okay. Ray, a couple of housekeeping items then, I wanted to just double check to see what the organic constant currency growth was for the company. I know that we don’t have a lot coming in from acquisitions with Lewtan and Copal, but I thought I’d ask for that.
Raymond McDaniel: I don’t have the organic constant currency. I had quoted that overall growth was 9% for the corporation on a constant currency basis. So we picked up about 4, 4.5 points on a constant currency basis, but I don’t have the organic/inorganic breakouts. Mark, do you have?
Mark Almeida: Yes. For MA, well, we were - as reported, we were up 8% for the year, organic constant currency would have been almost 10%.
William Warmington: Got it. Thank you. And the last question was - on the mandates you mentioned 770 in 2015 for the year. I just wanted to double check, what were the new mandates in 2014, 2013 if we haven’t had those?
Mark Almeida: I don’t have them in front of me but they were about a 1000 each year. So we were down from those peak years and those were peak years, those were record years for new mandates. But the 770 compares quite favorably to years prior to 2013. So we’re sort of in a middle range at this point between the peak and the historical run rate.
William Warmington: Got it. All right, well, thank you very much.
Mark Almeida: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Warren Gardiner with Evercore Investments.
Warren Gardiner: Hey, good morning. Thank you. So I just - I know that M&A can kind of drive these both kinds of services. And we kind of saw that in 2015 with the nice benefit to revenue for ratings. But I was just curious if we stay in kind of a choppier backdrop, how you guys could potentially benefit if at all from structuring related services?
Linda Huber: Warren, it’s Linda. I think you had said M&A activity. I’m assuming you mean for the economy as a whole has been helpful to us in terms of bond issuance. You wanted us to comment on that. I’m not sure we were quite clear on the second part of your question there.
Warren Gardiner: Oh, I was just saying sort of additional services related to M&A may have kind of helped you guys this year. And I was wondering if [Technical Difficulty] that was somewhat true with respect to potentially restructuring if things were to get choppier.
Linda Huber: Sure. M&A has been a wind at our back. And as I noted earlier, we got about $200 billion in the investment grade M&A pipeline. And we got about $35 billion in the high yield pipeline. That’s kind of sitting there waiting to move. We’ve seen this situation before. We’re in a risk off part of the market. We’ve had a lot of volatility. But these pipelines will move eventually. We’ll wait and see where things go with the Fed potentially in March. But when we can see the pipelines there it does give us some view to be a bit more optimistic. The timing is the tricky saying and that’s why at Moody’s we don’t give quarterly guidance, because it’s very difficult to predict. But we do expect that M&A is continuing and that a lot of companies have bridge loans in place for financing and eventually they’re going to have to be taken out; so it’s a matter of when and I’ll let Ray say some more about that.
Raymond McDaniel: No, I was just going to ask Michel Madelain if he wanted to comment on our rating assessment services and the materiality of that compared to the overall MIS business?
Michel Madelain: Yes. Ray, Thank you. Typically, in M&A transaction we sometimes provide some rating assessment of the - designed to provide some indication of the impact of the transaction on the rating we have outstanding. Those are small and - the overall amount of fees and total fees, the total services are really small in relation to the overall revenue line. And they’re not really moving the dial basically from that perspective.
Warren Gardiner: Yes. Okay.
Raymond McDaniel: And, Warren, I’m not sure if that’s what you were getting at. But if it was I hope that was satisfactory.
Warren Gardiner: Yes. That was helpful. Thanks a lot. That’s all I have now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our next question from Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Joseph Foresi: Hi. So just wanted to come at issuance a different way to kind of close out the call; as far as swing-factors are concerned on the issuance question for what the outlook could be for 2016, what do you think the most important swing factor is? Is it the stability? I assume you’re expecting one or two interest rate hikes. Is it M&A? Is it the back-half of the year? I’m just wondering as an outsider what we should think about as being kind of the most important thing to look at.
Raymond McDaniel: I think it’s - first of all, some stability, so that companies feel that they have visibility in what their issuance would look like. Obviously, rates and spreads are relevant. I don’t think that movement on the short-term rates is going to be particularly impactful. It’s really looking more the long-term rates for the bond issuance. And it also has to do with economic momentum in the economy and refinancing needs. So if we have relatively wide spreads or volatility in the market, and we don’t see a lot of economic momentum to encourage capital expenditure and business expansion and we don’t have refinancing needs, then issuance is going to be more subdued. But when that combination of factors starts to come into better alignment, stability, spreads narrowing and the need to refinance either for business expansion or they need to finance either for refinancing or business expansion, that’s the virtuous cycle.
Joseph Foresi: Got it. Okay.
Linda Huber: And let me just comment a little bit more on our various sectors here and Michel may be helpful to this discussion. So we said for investment grade issuance looks to be about flat. In high yield bonds for 2015, we did $183 million of revenue, that’s about 5% of the corporation’s revenue, again high yield in 2015 only 5% of the corporation’s revenue. Bank loans a little over $200 million, about 6% of the corporation’s revenue. And in the fourth quarter of 2015, as I had said to Craig, our spec-grade revenue was down to $26.5 million. We thought very hard about high yield for 2016. And we think that the Q4 run rate in 2015, we hope it’s low. So we have reduced our high yield view. We’ve been very thoughtful about the quite as bad as it was in the fourth quarter of 2015. We are watching this very carefully. It’s probably the trickiest line we have to work with here. And I might invite, Michel, to say a little bit more about his thoughts on that, because that really has been I think the biggest challenge for us in terms of how we’re thinking about 2016. Michel, you want to add some color.
Michel Madelain: Yes. I mean, what I’d say is that really, when you think about investment grade, I mean the factors that Ray mentioned and you discussed earlier, which M&A, the economy are clearly the key drivers here. I think when you go to our heel [ph] then the impact of market sentiment and the overall - the spreads and the risk-on, risk-off sort of changes we see in, are probably much more impactful. And therefore, much more difficult - it’s much more difficult to predict the volumes that we should expect. And there the sort of idiosyncratic credit factors are playing a bigger role.
Joseph Foresi: Got it. And just building on it, I’m going to take a crack at this question, because I know it’s a difficult one. Is there anything in particular you’d point out when you went through your guidance process this year versus other years, that you did differently that might shed some light on how comfortable we can become with the issuance guidance for 2016?
Raymond McDaniel: I guess, the short answer is no. We really didn’t do anything differently than we normally do. It’s a combination of internal work and speaking with other market participants to get their consensus views and we build our forecast off of that.
Joseph Foresi: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Denny Galindo with Morgan Stanley.
Denny Galindo: Hi, there.
Linda Huber: Hi, Denny.
Denny Galindo: Just I wanted to - just real quickly, since we’ve been on here for a while. But I wanted to talk a little bit about the high yield line item. It does seem like it might be a swing factor this year. Could that actually benefit if you have this big wall of investment-grade maturities in 2016 and 2017, and some of that’s downgraded into high yield? Is that something kind of - it’s almost like a fallen angel effect. Is that something that could end up helping you in the high yield line item this year? Or maybe you could comment on that idea.
Raymond McDaniel: Well, I guess it would help the high yield line item. It wouldn’t help the investment grade line item. But I think your - the serious part of an answer to your question would be that we really wouldn’t expect a material commercial difference based on investment grade names falling into the spec-grade range. We have both frequent issuer pricing agreements and we have transaction based pricing. And so, it’s possible to see more frequent issuers dropping into the spec-grade range, but I think that would be very much at the margin and would not impact our - the financial part of our business as opposed to the Analytics.
Denny Galindo: Okay, that’s helpful. And then, lastly, someone did ask about restructuring, and it’s kind of the credit assessment part of the fees, said that was kind of minimal as it relates to M&A. Are there any additional revenue streams you would benefit from, if they had like a distress debt exchange or defaults or anything that occurs in a more difficult credit environment that doesn’t typically occur in a more favorable credit environment? Is that a meaningful amount so that moves the needle at all or is it relatively small as well?
Raymond McDaniel: No, I think it’s really, as Linda was pointing out, that to the extent that having companies in distress drives a portion of the mergers and acquisition activity we see in the market, that can be helpful in terms of new financing to handle that M&A. But otherwise, no, I don’t think it really is going to have a big impact.
Denny Galindo: Okay. That’s it for me. Thanks, guys.
Raymond McDaniel: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vincent Hung with Autonomous.
Vincent Hung: Hi, how is it going?
Raymond McDaniel: Hi, Vincent.
Vincent Hung: Sorry, but to go back to high yield again, within the flat corporate finance guidance, what is the actual revenue growth assumption you have in there? And I got that pricing is harder to take in this sort of environment.
Raymond McDaniel: In terms of our outlook, we made, as you saw, we expect corporate finance to be flat. We would expect the investment grade sector to be a bit stronger than the spec-grade or bank loans. But we haven’t broken that out into further detail. The second part of your question, I apologize, just slipped my mind.
Vincent Hung: Just around pricing and high yield and bank loans probably more difficult…
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. Now, the pricing is - the pricing opportunities are similar. I think we provide a lot of value in the spec-grade market with our research and ratings. And so, yes, these are companies that have more difficult financial circumstances in many cases, but it’s also where marketability of their bonds and the commentary that we offer I think provides quite a bit of value to them.
Vincent Hung: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Patrick O’Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Hey, good afternoon now. Kind of a high level question for you here, so if you look at the S&P 500 medium firm net debt to EBITDA, I think it’s at the highest level since 2004. U.S. corporate debt outstanding has gone up by about 50% since 2008. So, I guess, given that backdrop and given where we are in the credit cycle. How does your view of corporate leverage kind of influence your medium and long term view of the issuance outlook?
Raymond McDaniel: Michel, do you want to offer any initial comments on that.
Michel Madelain: Yes, maybe, I think you are right in pointing to the fact that a number of metrics point to relatively high leverage in the system today for this entity. I think the - what’s we’re more focused on obviously are the sort of indicators of credit stress. We’re looking at liquidity, covenant protections and default - prediction of defaults. And then, what we see is a slight uptick, I mean, we’ve seen a lot of things getting movement [ph] in energy and mining space. And we have a slight uptick in the other sectors, but they remain - compared to historical standards well controlled. Now, in terms of the size of the debt, what we - to the extent these companies continue to operate these debts will end up - have to be refinanced. And that’s obviously a positive development. And as we’ve said before, we continue to build our portfolio of credits we have in CFG. And that’s also a positive for this line of business.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy: Thank you.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. I’d like to turn the conference back to Ray McDaniel for any additional or closing remarks.
Raymond McDaniel: Sure. Just before I close I want to turn it to Linda for a moment.
Linda Huber: Yes. We didn’t get any further questions on expenses for 2016, and just to make sure that we’re level-setting, we often comment on the expense ramp, but this time in the year we hadn’t done that yet. So I want to make sure that everybody’s on the same page with that. Over the course of 2016, we are looking at expenses to generally ramp from $35 million to $45 million from the first quarter to the fourth quarter. We would caution everyone that expense timing, FX movements, and particularly incentive compensation, can move that number around, as we’ve seen in previous years. We’ll continue to manage the costs carefully. We have about $50 million of expense flexibility that we can move on. If we did encounter more dramatic situation, we could probably about double that, but we are not expecting anything like that. And as the year progresses, of course, those amounts come down. Similarly, we didn’t have any questions on the tax rate. We are looking at 32% to 32.5%. We can’t do exactly the same thing on the tax rate every year, because we are impacted by individual audit results. So we do expect with U.S. being the balance of our income potentially for 2016 that we might have a little bit more to pay on the tax rate, so again 32% to 32.5%. And our CapEx guidance, I think most of you saw had moved up a bit, and that is primarily because of some things that we’re doing in technology and real estate, as we had said before, but just wanted to make sure that everyone was aware of those numbers, so that can assist in your modeling effort. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to Ray.
Raymond McDaniel: Okay. Thanks, Linda. And just in ending the call, I do want to announce that we will be hosting our Annual Investor Day this year on Wednesday, September 28, here in New York. And more information about that will be available on the Investor Relations website as we get closer to the event. So thanks for joining the call today and we look forward to speaking with you again in April. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes Moody’s fourth quarter and fiscal year-end 2015 earnings call. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 PM Eastern Time on Moody’s website. Thank you.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-30 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Salli Schwartz - Global Head of IR Ray McDaniel - President & CEO Linda Huber - EVP & CFO Michel Madelain - President & COO, Moody's Investors Service Mark Almeida - President, Moody's Analytics
Analysts: Manav Patnaik - Barclays Bill Bird - FBR Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Alex Kramm - UBS Denny Galindo - Morgan Stanley Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray Craig Huber - Huber Research Bill Warmington - Wells Fargo Doug Arthur - Huber Research Vincent Hung - Autonomous
Operator: Good day, and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference lines for question-and-answers foll0wing the presentation. I would now turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Salli Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's third quarter results for 2015, as well as our updated outlook for full-year 2015. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. This morning Moody's released its results for the third quarter of 2015, as well as our updated outlook for full-year 2015. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Moody's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the Risk Factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission's websites. These, together with the Safe Harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel: Thank you, Salli. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I will begin by summarizing Moody's third quarter and year-to-date 2015 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. After our remarks, we’ll be happy to respond to your questions. In the third quarter, despite uneven capital market activity and foreign exchange headwinds, Moody's achieved revenue of $835 million, a year-over-year increase of 2%. On a constant currency basis, Moody's revenue grew 7%. Operating expense for the third quarter was $485 million, up 4% from the third quarter of 2014. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted expense by 4%. Operating income was $350 million, flat versus the prior-year period, but an increase of 5% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted operating income, defined as operating income less depreciation and amortization, was $378 million, an increase of 1% compared to the same period last year. Operating margin for the third quarter of 2015 was 41.9%. Adjusted operating margin was 45.3%. Both GAAP and non-GAAP EPS increased 14% from the prior year period to a $1.14 and $1.11, respectively. Non-GAAP EPS excludes a $0.03 benefit from a legacy tax matter in the third quarters of both 2014 and 2015. Turning to the year-to-date performance, Moody’s revenue for the first nine months of 2015 was $2.6 billion, an increase of 7% from the first nine months of 2014 or 11% on a constant currency basis. Revenue of Moody's Investor Service or MIS was $1.8 billion, an increase of 5% from 2014 or 10% on a constant currency basis. Moody's Analytics or MA, revenue of $829 million was 10% higher than the prior year period or 15% on a constant currency basis. Operating expense for the first nine months of 2015 was $1.5 billion, up 9% from 2014. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted expense by 4%. As we mentioned last quarter, this year-to-date growth reflects incremental expense from our 2014 and 2015 acquisitions. As we approach the end of 2015, the impact of acquisitions on expense growth will moderate. Therefore we are maintaining our full-year guidance for expenses to grow in the mid-single-digit percent range. Operating income of $1.1 billion increased 4% from 2014 or 10% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted operating income of $1.2 billion increased 5% from the prior year period. Operating margin for the first nine months of 2015 of 43.5% was down from 44.5% in 2014. Adjusted operating margin of 46.8% was down from 47.3%. On constant currency basis, and excluding our 2014 and 2015 acquisitions, operating margin and our adjusted operating margin would have increased approximately 50 and 60 basis points respectively year-over-year. GAAP EPS for the first nine months of $3.54 was up 2% from $3.48 in the prior-year period. Non-GAAP EPS of $3.51 for the first nine months of 2015 grew 14% from $3.09 for the same period in 2014. Non-GAAP EPS excludes a $0.03 benefit from a legacy tax matter in both the year-to-date 2015 and 2014 periods. Year-to-date 2014 non-GAAP EPS also excludes $0.36 gain resulting from Moody’s acquisition of a controlling interest in ICRA Ltd. in the second quarter of 2014. We are reaffirming our full-year 2015 EPS guidance of $4.55 to $4.65, which now includes a $0.03 benefit from a legacy tax matter. I'll turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Linda Huber: Thanks Ray. I'll begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody's total revenue for the third quarter increased 2% to $835 million, and was up 7% on a constant currency basis. U.S. revenue of $482 million was up 7% from the third quarter of 2014. Non-U.S. revenue of $353 million was down 4% and represented 42% of Moody’s total revenue. Recurring revenue of $447 million represented 54% of total revenue. Looking now at each of our businesses starting with Moody's Investor Service. Total MIS revenue for the quarter was $548 million, flat to the prior year period, but up 5% on a constant currency basis. U.S. revenue increased 7% to $353 million. Non-U.S. revenue declined by 10% to $196 million and represented 36% of total MIS revenue. Moving now to the lines of business for MIS. First, global Corporate Finance revenue of $248 million in the third quarter was down 5% from the prior-year period. On a constant currency basis revenue declined 1%. These result reflected lower levels of global speculative-grade issuance, partially offset by strong U.S. investment grade issuance, primarily from increased M&A activity. U.S. Corporate Finance revenue increased 5%, while non-U.S. Corporate Finance revenue decreased 22%. Second, global Structured Finance revenue for the third quarter was $113 million, up 10% from the prior-year period, or 15% on a constant currency basis. Growth was primarily the result of strength in U.S. commercial real estate finance as well as an increase in structured credit monitoring revenue. Additionally, we saw increased Structured Finance issuance in EMEA, primarily in RMBS and structured credit. U.S. revenue was up 12% and non-U.S. revenue was up 6%. Third, global Financial Institutions revenue of $90 million, decreased 3% compared to the prior year period, primarily given unfavorable foreign currency translation on a weaker euro, partially offset by stronger U.S. bank rating revenue. On a constant currency basis, Financial Institutions’ revenue was up 4% year-over-year. U.S. Financial Institutions revenue was up 8% while non-U.S. revenue was down 10%. Fourth, global Public, Project and Infrastructure Finance revenue increased 2% year-over-year to $91 million. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased 7% year-over-year. Increased U.S. public finance activity was partially offset by a decline in project finance issuance. U.S. Public, Project and Infrastructure Finance revenue was up 2% and non-U.S. revenue was up 4%. MIS Other, which consists of non-rating revenues from ICRA and Korea Investor Service or KIS, contributed $7 million to MIS revenue for the third quarter compared to $4 million in the prior-year period. This increase over the prior year period was primarily due to consolidation of the non-rating business lines of ICRA. Turning now to Moody's Analytics. Global revenue for MA of $287 million was up 6% from the third quarter of 2014, or 11% on a constant currency basis. U.S. revenue grew by 8% year-over-year to $130 million. Non-U.S. revenue increased 5% to $157 million and represented 55% of total MA revenue. Moving now to the lines of business for MA. First, global Research, Data & Analytics or RD&A, revenue of $158 million, increased 10% from the prior-year period, or 15% on a constant currency basis. Growth was mainly due to strong performance in the credit research and content licensing businesses. Additionally, the October 2014 acquisition of Lewtan Technologies contributed approximately 3 percentage points of growth in the quarter. U.S. RD&A revenue was up 16% while non-U.S. revenue was up 3%. Second, global Enterprise Risk Solutions or ERS, revenue of $92 million, grew 14% from last year, or 18% on a constantly currency basis. This growth was driven primarily by strong project delivery and the regulatory solutions and loan originations verticals. U.S. ERS revenue was up 7% while non-U.S. revenue was up 17%. Trailing 12-month revenue in sales for ERS increased 27%, and 12%, respectively. As we've noted in the past due to the variable nature of project timing and completion, ERS revenue remains subject to quarterly volatility. Third, global Professional Services revenue declined 19% to $37 million. On a constant currency basis, revenue declined 14%. This result reflected the impact of exiting certain Copal Amba product lines in late 2014, as well as attrition outpacing sales growth at Copal Amba as global banks adjusted their business activities. U.S. Professional Services revenue was down 28%, while non-U.S. revenue was down 13%. Turning now to expenses. Moody's third quarter expense increased 14% to $485 million, primarily due to incremental costs from 2014 and 2015 acquisitions, additional compensation expense for merit increases and hiring, as well less investments in technology. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted expenses by 4%. As Ray noted, Moody's operating margin and adjusted operating margin were 41.9% and 45.3% respectively for the third quarter. On a constant currency basis, and excluding our 2014 and 2015 acquisitions, operating margins and adjusted operating margins would have increased by approximately 40 basis points and 70 basis points respectively. Moody's effective tax rate for the quarter was 32%, down from 33.5% in the prior year period. The year-over-year decline was largely due to reduced state and local taxes resulting from changes in New York State and New York City tax laws. I'll now provide an update on capital allocation. During the third quarter of 2015, Moody's repurchased 2.9 million shares at a total cost of $304.9 million or an average cost of $105.03 per share and issued 295,000 shares as part of its employee stock-based compensation plan. For the first nine months of 2015, Moody's repurchased 8.9 million shares at a total cost of $905.6 million or an average cost of $101.37 per share. Outstanding shares as of September 30, 2015 totaled 197.7 million, down 5% from the prior year. As of September 30, 2015, Moody's had $658 million of share repurchase authority remaining. At quarter-end, Moody's had $3.1 billion of outstanding debt and $1 billion of additional debt capacity available under our revolving credit facility. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at quarter-end were $1.9 billion, up $263.7 million from December 31, 2014. Free cash flow in the first nine months of 2015 was $827.6 million, up 27% from the first nine months of 2014, primarily due to changes in working capital. As of September 30, 2015, approximately 75% of Moody's cash and cash equivalents were maintained outside the U.S. On October 21, 2015 Moody’s announced quarterly dividend of $0.34 per share, with Moody’s common stock payable December 10 to stockholders of record at the close of business on November 20. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Ray.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I'll conclude this morning's prepared comments by discussing the changes to our updated full-year guidance for 2015. A full list of Moody's guidance is included in our third quarter 2015 earnings press release, which can be found on Moody's Investor Relations website at ir.moodys.com. Moody's outlook for 2015 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions, consumer borrowing and securitization and the amount of debt issued. These assumptions are subject to some degree of uncertainty and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end-of-quarter exchange rates. Specifically, our forecast reflects exchange rates for the British pound and the euro of $1.52 to £1 and $1.12 to €1 respectively. As I noted earlier, we are reaffirming our full-year 2015 EPS guidance of $4.55 to $4.65, which now includes as $0.03 benefit from a legacy tax matter. However certain components of our 2015 guidance have been modified to reflect our current view of business conditions. Global MIS revenue for the full-year 2015 is still expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. However, non-U.S. revenue is now expected to decline in the mid-single-digit percent range. Within MIS, Corporate Finance revenue is now expected to be approximately flat, and Public, Project & Infrastructure Finance revenue is now expected to increase in the high-single-digit percent range. Global MA revenue for full-year 2015 is still expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. However, non-U.S. revenue is now expected to be approximately flat. Full-year 2015 capital expenditures are now expected to be approximately $90 million. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining us for the question-and-answer session is Michel Madelain, President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investor Service; and Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics. We'd be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Yes. Hi. Thank you. I just wanted to clarify just on the organic growth for the quarter and also implied in guidance, so the 7% total, I guess, constant currency. What’s the organic number, and I guess, is that just ICRA and Lewtan, or is there anything else in there, and then just on the guidance, what the contribution assumption is?
Ray McDaniel: Sure. As you noted, that constant currency growth for Moody’s was 7%. And if we look at constant currency growth organic-only, it would be 5%. And that excludes ICRA, Lewtan, and we had the small acquisition earlier this year of Equilibrium.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. Okay. And then, I guess, I just wanted to understand maybe get a little bit of color on how you guys are looking at the environment today? Obviously, I think guidance implies fourth quarter will be another uninspiring issuances environment. And then I just wanted to try and get your initial feelings of what 2016 trends might look like with the context of what you guys have talked about before in terms of heavy maturity and refinancing pipeline coming sort of in the back half of the year. So just trying to get an understanding. Is it going to be tail of two halves? Just any sort of color you can give would be helpful.
Ray McDaniel: Yes, I'll let Linda to start off with this. I know she has some information, and then I'll add some color as appropriate.
Linda Huber: Sure, Manav. I'll go through the three sectors that I usually go through, U.S. investment grade bonds, U.S. high yield and U.S. leverage loans, with the reminder again that this is a consensus view from speaking to a number of the investment bank’s trading desks and does not represent Moody’s view but rather again the consensus of these investment banks. This has been a particularly difficult period, which makes our job for the end of the year here a high little bit more difficult to forecast, which is what we’re trying to work through. Now for investment grade bonds, the expectations for October now, is about $126 billion of U.S. issuance in investment grade bonds. It has been very choppy however. Late August and early September had three weeks of zero issuance, and October until this week had been quite light for supply. And only recently, only this week, have we seen issuance pickup. So we are looking at about $38 billion for this week. And yesterday, of course with the Microsoft deal, we did see $19.5 billion in issuance. Now, a lot of this is caused by the spread. Spreads widened out, and in fact now they are 5 basis points higher than their lows in August, and they’ve retraced or come back in 15 basis points from the highs in early October. So it is possible that with spreads coming back in and only being 5 bps up from August, that we could continue to see heavier issuance as we move into November out of the blackout period, and in fact the pipelines look pretty good for next week. So we’re offsetting that against the view with the potential for the December rate hike. The futures currents are now showing 50% possibility of the December rate hike, but again we think that the right hike is not all the news, and in fact the spread piece is very important as well. So those are some of the factors that we’re looking at and the pipeline is described as robust. So the pipeline we can see currently is $200 billion. So some mixed views there, but some very good improvement for next week, but again we feel we have probably six more weeks for this year for issuance, maybe seven. High yield is a different story. October month to-date had been about $3 billion and year-to-date about $230 billion, which is down 15%. The market has been quite subdued. September and October were the two lowest volume issuance months in 2016, and the issue here is spreads. And spreads are 40 basis points wider than at the August lows, but they have come in a 100 basis points from their recent highs in October. So you might want to think of this as spreads have come in two-thirds from the recent highs, which is a good trend. We're seeing very good funds inflows into high yield bond funds, which is good, and we are expecting some activity pick-up in November given that the technical backdrop is improving. There are lot of deals in the market, and that should be helpful the pipeline as described as moderate. And finally, leverage loans month-to-date $15 billion in the U.S., year-to-date $290 billion, which is down 30% year-over-year. Since early August, volumes have been low but leverage loans have lifted volatility and the market better than high yield bonds. Some stability looks to be helpful. And we see that CLO creation continues, which is helpful to us. So, on the leverage loan front, weak fund inflows and a slowish new issue calendar. We are still working with the new Shared National Credit or SNC rule and the pipeline here is described as moderate. Interestingly if you look to Europe, we've seen some improvement in the tone in Europe in the past seven to 10 days. Mr. Draghi’s comments regarding the ECB and a potential for more QE has been helpful, and we’re seeing good reverse - Yankee issuance, Procter & Gamble had a big deal this week. However, as the Euro/US dollar basis widens, that may back off of little bit. Interestingly, we would note with about two-thirds of the companies reporting that top line sales ex-energy for U.S. companies reporting in the third quarter is only four-tenths of 1%. So in that regard, we are actually feeling pretty good about these numbers that we’ve put up. And I’ll let Ray go to the prognostication back in 2016 which is still away, Manav.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. Just a little bit more color. I would also note that the pipelines in Structured Finance are good, but the movement through those pipelines is again going to be sensitive to spreads. And so we'll have to see if spreads continue to move in from where they were earlier in October. Secondly, we still think that the non-U.S. business is going to be probably more challenged overall than the U.S. business through to the end of the year. The good news looking ahead to 2016 is it at least where the exchange rates are today, we will not have the same material impact on performance in 2016 that we've had from the movement that we saw about a year ago on the Euro and the Pound as against the Dollar. Obviously that's an assumption that rates stay about where they are now. Now, looking ahead to next year, to the extent that we see an increase in federal funds rates and that's an indication of a belief that we have some sustainable economic growth here in the U.S. I think that's a good news story. We don't expect to see rates move rapidly or dramatically, but we would like to see a signal that the economy looks like it's on a sustainable growth path, and I think that's going to help both the U.S. and non-U.S. businesses. And also looking out into 2016, as we get later in the year, we begin to approach the refinancing walls that had built up in the corporate finance sector in particular. So I would keep an eye out for that looking out over the course of next year.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. Thanks guys. This is super helpful. I'll get back in the queue.
Linda Huber: Thanks Manav.
Operator: We will now go to Bill Bird with FBR.
Bill Bird: Thank you. Ray, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about Structured Finance. It looks like you had a nice uptick in growth. Do you think that uptick is durable? And then separately, for Linda. How do you think about managing expenses in the context of trends being a little bit slower, and maybe you could give us the incentive comp accrual? Thank you.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. We do think that the growth we've seen in Structured Finance is durable. As I mentioned a couple of minutes ago, it is going to be sensitive to spreads, and so we have to keep an eye on that. We've seen particular strength in commercial real estate and that strength has been really because the transactions that are being brought to market are conduit transactions, which is where we have our strength and there is significant amount of refinancing that has to occur there. We've also seen some good growth in European RMBS. And we are going to look to see how sustainable that is, but it was a good new story in Q3. Overall, again, I think we would expect to see more strength in the U.S. than we will see outside the U.S. for near-term. But see some promising developments with respect to European Structured Finance.
Linda Huber: And Bill, on your expense question, very carefully moderating our expenses in light of these conditions and we think we've shown pretty good discipline down the P&L. The fact that 2% revenue growth is 14% EPS growth, we are pretty pleased about that. What we see is that operating expenses in the quarter were up 4% and we've worked hard to make sure we keep the level reasonable. I think we would note first that our headcount is up 4% period-over-period and we are very careful on the hiring front. Most of that hiring has gone to the lines of business that are the revenue producers as opposed to shared services where most of our headcount has been in the lower cost jurisdictions. Secondly, I see that our CapEx, we are looking at about $90 million for this year. That's down a bit from what we had expected when we first did guidance. So we are being very careful about our CapEx and being cautious about what we are doing with our projects. The reasons for that CapEx spending being pulled in is because our projects are actually coming in at a lower cost than we expected, which is remarkable and positive and we are also looking at our performance and our incentive compensation as you noticed. Very important that everyone understands that incentive compensation is the first line of defense to protect the margins. Again the margin was 41.9% in the quarter, which we are pretty pleased about. So we will - reflects the incentive compensation line and given our views on the fourth quarter and what's happened here in the third quarter, last year in fact during this period, we put up almost $47 million of incentive compensation. This year for third quarter, we put up $33 million in incentive compensation. So there is $14 million of savings which goes back to the shareholders, which in fact is very helpful in protecting the margins. So incentive compensation is impact only 10% of comp in this quarter, and last year at this time it was 15%. So again incentive compensation flexing down $14 million, that’s 30% which is a pretty heavy adjustment, which just shows what we do in the incentive comp line in order to make sure that we are doing the right thing. Now sequentially if you want to think about incentive comp, we are looking at a level that probably should be about the same as the fourth quarter looks like what we expected to. However, Bill, I would very strongly caution that if things break to be upside, we may have to improve a little bit more for incentive compensation in the fourth quarter. So flattish, if things come in as we expect, but as I just said, as conditions are seemingly improving a bit, we could flex to the upside and that would take incentive comp up a bit. So that's pretty fulsome answer to your question and hope that it’s everything you know wanted to know about.
Bill Bird: Thank you very much.
Linda Huber: Sure.
Operator: We will now go to Andre Benjamin with Goldman Sachs.
Andre Benjamin: Thanks. Guess now it’s good afternoon. My first question, we can all observe lot of the macro factors in issuance numbers to come out daily or weekly, but I'm wondering is there anything that you [indiscernible] new in terms of the value proposition that you’re clients and a way of capturing more of the value in the form of prices opposed to just being driven by the volume trends that we should be mindful of the forecast?
Ray McDaniel: We have communicated at a high level the contribution that we expect price to make, and certainly, we are looking at what we can do in terms of the value proposition to support price increases. And this is our research, our communications, the quality of our insights, all of that is a package on the ratings side of the business in order to maximize the value proposition. We are also looking at cost in terms of thinking about pricing, but really the priority is value proposition. That's the same story on the Moody’s Analytics side as well, and that is the amount of information we can deliver, the data that we can deliver, how usable we can make that data and really looking at the overall utility value that we give through the data and service projects that we have on the Moody’s Analytics. So it's both sides of the business.
Linda Huber: Yes, Andre, it’s Linda. I would note that in terms of the research we are putting out, we know specifically very high interest in our comments specifically on Volkswagen, Glencore, the City of Chicago, Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, also the pieces we've been putting out on the banking systems and also China and India. So our research effort has really been beefed-up and we feel it's very helpful to the investors. We had commented on at Investor Day, 3% to 4% price increases. Again, we are very thoughtful about how we handle that. We would note there is good pricing power in Moody’s Analytics as well as Moody's Investor Service. But again, we do feel that getting a rating provides 25 to 50 basis points of better spreads for issuers as we hear from various capital markets desks. But we do believe that ratings provide real value for issuers in the marketplace. So hope that helps you.
Andre Benjamin: And are you seeing the change in the Structured Finance competitive environment? I know one of your main competitors that has some settlements in there is investing to improve and there may be some other smaller players out there that are looking to go after this business as well. So are you seeing any changes out there?
Ray McDaniel: That's true and that's not a change. It has always been a business that's been an area of interest for our competitors not surprisingly, but it's also a business that is very interested in the quality of opinion and insight, especially in more distressed markets, and that works to Moody's benefit. So we certainly want to maximize the value of our commentary and the predicted content of our ratings in that area, and ironically we do benefit from some of the stress in the market because that’s when Moody’s ratings matter most.
Andre Benjamin: Thank you.
Operator: We'll now go to Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm: Hi, good morning or good afternoon rather. Just want to come back to the earlier questions around the environment and issuance trend. I appreciate all the color. I guess, the comment and question I would make is obviously we’ve seen that movie several times over the last two, three years that issuance dries up, credit spreads slow out and then things stabilize and everything is good again. So I guess - and also as the highlight I think flows into bond funds has been increasing as though it seems like we might be on that normalization base again, but just wondering that when you're talking to DCM desks and others, is there anything that they highlight that might be changed or different this time around that gives you a little bit more concern about maybe not the swing back that we've seen over the last year several times or nothing new?
Linda Huber: Alex, I think this is - as you pointed out, these are ebbs and flows in the marketplace that we are quite used to. And I think we would say generally we feel we’re observing somewhat better information regarding investment grade as I said earlier, and high yields with spreads having retraced 100 basis points, things could break to the positive side somewhat less so with leverage loans. And obviously the short answer is, it all depends. If we get to markets stability, that would be terrific, and this week has been more stable than October to-date, but first three weeks of October were very, very choppy. So this could go either way and that makes forecasting a little bit more difficult than it usually is particularly at this late point in the year. But I'll let Ray comment a little bit further on what he thinks.
Ray McDaniel: No, I've - really just echoing Linda’s comments. There has not been any new - and I would characterize, distressing news. The market uncertainties that built in the late summer, early fall, with volatility in Chinese equity markets with uncertainty about the Feds improvement on interest rates clearly transmitted through the bond market in terms of volatility and spread widening and now that is beginning to settle. I would anticipate it’s going to continue to settle absent new and unexpected news. So we just have to see. The Fed I think has tried to provide clarity. The ECB has provided clarity, and broadly speaking, I think those are the kinds of things that are going to help market issuance activity going forward. It’s just late in the year now. So we'll have to see how much of a difference it makes.
Linda Huber: Alex, one other quick note on the investment grade side. You're probably aware, the big banks report first as we move through the reporting cycle, and as a result of that, they were first to market in October. So for the first three weeks of the month, 50% of supply came from the big issuers and many of those are larger, some of them are frequent issuer pricing programs. So that has caused October to be very backend-loaded for us and the corporates would probably people can issue now as they come through the blackout period. So again we could see a very heavy November like anything over a $100 billion in issuance we view in the U.S. investment grade market as a very good month. But we've got to see how issuance stacks up against how much more here we have left and we'll see how that goes.
Alex Kramm: Thanks for that additional color, but then, I guess switching gears - I guess, one other things, you’ve - I think Paul [ph] talked about it as well, there is obviously different reasons why people issue, and I think a lot of us always focused on the refinancing bond and things like that, but this year I think M&A has been a much bigger component than in past years, and everybody can make assumptions about the M&A pipeline, but it looks like there is a deal every day and that's certainly different than what we've seen over the last few years. So just curious, in terms of the money you make on some of these deals, can you just like broadly speaking - I know it's very detail, but broadly speaking, any difference between normal issuance from risk financing, CapEx, things like that, normal growth versus M&A, may be the deals are larger or maybe it's more levered to IG. But just generally speaking, do you like one better than the other or no difference?
Ray McDaniel: No. Yes, I mean, there is going to be specific instances where we prefer one or the other, but generally speaking, no, we would be indifferent but welcome activity coming from either source of issuance.
Alex Kramm: Okay. Good afternoon. Thank you.
Operator: We will now go to Denny Galindo with Morgan Stanley.
Denny Galindo: Hi, there. Thanks for taking my questions. It sounds like Europe is driving some of the conservatism on your corporate issuance guidance, and rates are lower there and it would seem like would drive issuance. Are there any particular countries that are just not issuing as much as you think that they usually would, or is there any regional weakness over there that you can talk about?
Ray McDaniel: Let me see if Michel Madelain would like to comment on that. Michel?
Michel Madelain: Sure. Yes, thanks. Thanks Ray. No, I don't think there is - the trend that’s in Europe are pretty generic across the region. We had investment grade active in the first quarter. Since then, it's been very, rather slow. What we see in high yield also is shared across the board. So there is no - the largest country in terms of issuance seem to be U.K., France, Germany and Italy and the trends are very much across the board.
Denny Galindo: Okay. And then, just also along those lines in Europe. Can we have an update on disintermediation in terms of like new issuer mandates that sort of thing? Is that still growing year-over-year? You’re still getting new companies to get a new issuer rating or are any change in the trend there?
Ray McDaniel: Yes, it's continuing to grow very nicely. The expectation at this point is we would have probably about 800 new rating mandates, may be a bit more for the full-year 2015. For those of you who followed us closely, you know that’s down from a peak of about 1,000 that we had last year, but it is still very strong compared to the historical new mandate rates. So we are very pleased to see that.
Linda Huber: Denny, also I would note that as the global banks go public with their new strategies under new leaders, and there are three of those that I can think of right away, you'll notice - and I'm not going to name them, but certainly those global banks have said that they are stepping back from certain markets and certain areas that they feel are not providing appropriate profitability, particularly where capital requirements are high in certain of those market activities. So we would see that that would be a pretty clear view about what's going on, particularly with this intermediation but we are seeing changes of strategy with a number of the European banks and it's just something that should be watched.
Denny Galindo: That's a perfect segue into my last question. Professional services, how much exposure do you have to some of these banks that are cutting their employment and professional services, and are you seeing - when they cut employment that they increase your work from professional services or decrease or - because I know that you can make the argument that it's helping them save costs by outsourcing more to your professional services group. But any comments there on how much exposure it has to the big bank layoffs, and also if you're seeing - is that positive or negative for you?
Linda Huber: Sure. Denny, it's probably frustrating for you, the answer on professional services and Copal Amba more specifically is it depends. The banks react differently to these sorts of stresses and some are increasing their Copal Amba teams and some are making other decisions. While I’ve got the floor here for a minute, I’ll talk a little bit about professional services. And that business includes basically two things, Mark’s training business and particularly the Canadian Securities Institute business and the Copal Amba business that I'm running. So we've had a few issues in this area. And as you know, we've been thoughtful about what we’re doing with the guidance there. The quarter-over-quarter changes - I'm sorry, the year-over-year changes for the third quarter look at about an $8 million decline 2015 versus 2014. And Mark and I have worked through this, and about a third of this relates to CSI. And mainly that's due to the FX effect of the weak Canadian dollar. About two-thirds of what's going on is Copal Amba. And we thought we should be clear that last year, we had a reversal of a reserve in the third quarter from the prior period, which if you take that out, that makes up about half the difference of what's going on with Copal Amba. So we didn't have any such reserve reversals this year, so that made the comparable tougher. So some of this is just - that’s a one-off and that’s timing. So we're seeing good new sales but there has been some attrition and we are seeing some good opportunities as we said, because banks are laser-focused on costs. But it takes a bit for all that to work through the system. And Copal Amba is being used very energetically within our own company from Moody's Investor Service and particularly Moody’s Analytics and Shared Services. We’re very much growing our own Moody Shared Services India and that is very helpful to us. So we think we are in the right place with Copal Amba, but we've got just a bit of choppiness as the global banks adjust what they are doing. So hope that helps you out, Denny.
Denny Galindo: Thanks. I'll hop back in the queue.
Linda Huber: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert: Thanks. Good morning. So the progress on the margin from the Moody’s Analytics has been pretty impressive thus far this year. So basically and something you talk a little bit about the key drivers, I know the revenue performance has been good, and also just confidence in timing and getting to that mid-20% margin target, you’ve laid out [ph].
Ray McDaniel: Mark, do you want to address that?
Mark Almeida: Sure. Peter, it's just that we are in taking good progress. As we've noted repeatedly I think, this is a work in progress. It's going to occur gradually over time, but we've had very good performance on the top line this year, which has certainly helped the margin and has illuminated the good work that we're doing on the expense side. So I think you are seeing that in the margin expansions so far. But we will see choppiness in this over time depending upon how the top line performs, which as you know is, variable from quarter-to-quarter. But we are very pleased with where we are and the progress we're making, but this is going to continue to play out over a number of years.
Linda Huber: Peter, it's Linda. Mark and I are working together pretty closely. We are starting to see the first inklings, the first positive contributions that the Copal Amba team is able to support some of Mark's efforts in a more cost-effective way, given that those resources are lower cost. So our goal here is for all of us to work together to help Mark with the margins and the ERS business and we are just getting going on this efforts.
Peter Appert: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks. And I was wondering, if the mix shift is a significant driver of the margin performance we are seeing this year?
Mark Almeida: Yes. And it will continue to be a driver of that. Again, we talked about that at Investor Day. It's a very deliberate part of the strategy for us to focus in ERS on emphasizing sales of our higher margin products and our higher margin services and deemphasizing some of the lower margin more commodity-type services that we've been involved in pretty heavily in the recent past. But again that's something that that's not going to happen in a big bang type of fashion. It is going to play out progressively over time.
Peter Appert: Is it mainly ERS that's driving the margin upside this year?
Mark Almeida: Yes.
Peter Appert: Okay. And then one last small item. I know China is not a big market for you guys, Ray, on the rating side but can you just talk about what you're seeing there?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. We are involved in China through our joint-venture in the domestic market, and then Moody's is also active with the larger issuers that are under the cross-border markets and get Moody's global ratings. And Moody’s Analytics is also very much involved in that market. That being said, yes, there is certainly been some market volatility in China. It's been primarily focused on the equity markets. We continue to see growth in our joint- venture and in our cross-border business. So that has not - neither one of those legs of our China strategy had been harmed or had a decline in business as a result of the volatility. What we would be more concerned about is it’s some of the areas where there have been concerns about bubbles such as perhaps property sector or municipal debt in China. If those areas become under more acute stress, and that I think would be a more direct - have a more direct impact on our fixed income business over there.
Peter Appert: Thank you, Ray.
Operator: We will now go to Craig Huber with Huber Research.
Craig Huber: Yes. Hi. Thank you. Ray, could you just comment, if you would, on the debt issuance trends that you're seeing in the non-U.S. non-European geographies around the world? Just any general statements you could make there particularly on the Corporate Finance side?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. In the third quarter, we had good growth double-digit growth in Asia Corporate Finance but that was in part supported by our acquisition last year taking majority control of ICRA. So that was a contributor. Because we will have ICRA in the year-on-year numbers in the fourth quarter, I wouldn't expect to see the same kind of growth coming out of Asia. The Americas were soft in the third quarter, and don’t expect a robust recovery in the Americas in the near-term. So overall the international story and the non-Europe international story on the Corporate Finance side is that we are dealing with some headwinds. We are getting the benefit of ICRA but we are dealing with some headwinds.
Craig Huber: Okay. And then also, Ray, I want to ask you or Linda, just generally, when you look at the balance sheet in general out there of corporations in the U.S. and Europe and the debt loads that companies are carrying out relative to profits or interest expense or just GDP in general, is there anything that you’re increasingly worried about the debt loads of the various corporations about high yield investment grades, just generally out there?
Ray McDaniel: We have not seen - broadly speaking, I don't think we've seen a big increase in leverage, but we are paying attention obviously to corporate profitability and we will have to continue to do so. As far as the impact on our analytics, I'll see if Michel has any additional color he would like to add to that.
Michel Madelain: Yes, thanks Ray. I think as we - I think we discussed at Investor Day, we expect some moderate increase in default rates in a year from now. Still have levels that are historically low but overall when we look at the various metrics, we follow and we publish and the number of those. We still view fairly benign clear environment basically in relatively terms. And that's true not in the U.S. but also outside of U.S. There are obviously sectors that are under a lot more - under stress, obviously energy and oil and gas are sectors where we see a much higher level of credit tensions, but more broadly speaking, I think we continue to see a more benign clear environment.
Craig Huber: Lastly, Linda, just a housekeeping question. If you could just break down the revenues within your four areas in ratings, your high yield investment grade et cetera?
Linda Huber: Sure Craig. So we’ll look at MIS. We'll look at Corporate Finance first. So for the third quarter of 2015, total global Corporate Finance revenue was $248 million and what we have is investment grade about $63 million of that 25%, which is up significantly from last year's third quarter of 15%. High yield was up $33 million or 13% of total corporate revenues which is down from last year’s 21%. Bank loans about $48 million, 19% of total Corporate Finance revenues and down from last year's 24%. And others about $105 million, which is 43% of this year's quarter issuance, and that's up from last year's 40%. So the total number is $248 million, which is down 5% from last year's $260 million. Moving onto Structured. Total Structured revenue of $112.5 million, up from last year's $102 million by 10%, again echoing what Ray said, we are pretty pleased and surprised with the progress of Structured Finance, our second largest business. And so asset-backed securities $20.5 million, that's 18% of total structured revenues, down a bit from last year's 23%. Residential mortgage-backed securities at $18.5 million, almost completely flat to last year and 17%. Commercial real estate finance $37.2 million, up very nicely from last year's $26.9 with 38% increase and it's 33% of the structured revenues. So again the commercial real estate line is helping itself quite a bit. Structured credit is at $36 million, up from about $34 million last year and it’s 32% of the total structured line and we have a very small de minimis others in there. So Structured story is really about the strength in commercial real estate. Moving onto FIG. FIG is usually our most consistent business line. It remains though about $90 million for this quarter. Last year was about $92 million in the quarter. Banking at about $58 million, 65% of which the FIG revenues, about flat to last year. Insurance at about $26 million, 29% of FIG revenues, about to flat to last year. Managed investments about $3 million, which is 4% of last year as the quarter total and flat to last year, and others about $2 million and 2%. And lastly Craig, PPIF. Total of $90.6 million for this quarter, up from $88.5 million, last year’s at 2% increase overall. The PFG and sovereign line at $46 million is 51% of PPIF revenues and that's 5% increase from last year 51% of total revenues Project and Infrastructure, $44.5 million, which is just about flat to last year and 49% of total PPIF, and other is de minimis to come to, as I said, almost $91 million. And we talked about MIS Other, which includes the consolidation of ICRA, but I think that's the main story there, Craig.
Craig Huber: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We would now go to Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo.
Bill Warmington: Good afternoon, everyone.
Linda Huber: Hi Bill.
Bill Warmington: So a question for you on cash flow. You mentioned year-to-date up 27% and attributed to changes in working capital. The cash flow margin, the trailing free cash flow to revenue has been very strong at 31% top of the group that we cover. And I wanted to ask if there was anything that would keep that metrics from continuing to grow over time, and maybe give us a little thought in terms of what's been making it particularly strong?
Linda Huber: Sure, Bill. It's pretty hard one for us to predict. I would tell you that we have invested in our collections area to keep our receivables very strong and to keep them current. And so we have been very careful to make sure that we work hard on our collections. So that would be one focus area. Generally cash flow should probably grow in line with earnings, and that would just be the best indicator that we can give you. We watch our cash flow very careful. I think you can see from the results we’ve put up this morning. We work on every line, up and down the P&L, and we look part at changes in our cash flow, but this is a little bit tricky for us to predict. So as a rule of thumb, just look at it growing in line with earnings. I think that's probably the best measure that we can give you.
Bill Warmington: Excellent. All right. Well, thank you very much.
Linda Huber: Sure.
Operator: We will now go out to Tim McHugh with William Blair.
Unidentified Analyst: HI. This is actually Sandler [ph] calling in for Tim. Just to build on some of the commentary earlier about disintermediation in Europe with lot of the larger big banks kind of cleaning up their balance sheets and exiting some businesses. Is that something that you’re expecting an uplift from next year, or is that just kind of longer term trend you're kind of aware of?
Ray McDaniel: I think it's really a long-term trend, a secular trend. We do see some cyclicality in terms of the pace of new rating mandates or overall rating relationships that we have. But the disintermediation story has really been a very, very long-term story, and I think will continue to be. Looking at the financial assets, in Europe in particular that are in the banking system versus in the capital markets, there is a lot of runway there. If it’s even going to get near to the allocation of financial asset that we see in the U.S. and it may never get that far but that there are trillions of euros in play that are available to go into the fixed income markets and out of the loan markets. So I would just say it's a long-term story and it will continue to support our business.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you. That's all I had.
Operator: We'll now go to Doug Arthur with Huber Research.
Doug Arthur: Yes, thanks. Two questions. One, number of question and then a big picture question. Linda, what explains in this particular quarter the divergence between operating expense being flat? I know currency was a factor there and SG&A being up 7%, and obviously as you go into the fourth quarter, incentive comp will play into that, but is this trend in SG&A likely to continue? That's the first question.
Linda Huber: Sure. I think we are keeping a careful eye on operating expenses, Doug. There is nothing more to it than that. On the sales side, we are investing on that front. Mark and Michelle may have more to add, but as we talked about in our commercial group, we’ve been investing there. And the kind of top like, we are able to put up at 2%. It’s a little bit slower than we would like, but again with the S&P 500 average at four-tenth of 1%, we are running 5x better than other companies and that requires that we continue to look at what's happening on the sales front. Mark has a very nice set of fast growing businesses and that requires that we keep the sales focus going. I guess lastly what I would say before I ask if the others would like to comment, the FX sort of help on the expense line, doesn't help quite as much on SG&A as it does on operating expense, that’s just a peculiarity of the way the expenses way out. I hope that helps you a little bit. And I’d ask Mark or Mitchell if they have anything else to add. Ray?
Ray McDaniel: I think that’s it.
Linda Huber: I think that’s about it, Doug.
Doug Arthur: Okay. And then - it’s very helpful. And then, we’ve kind of attacked this question from a lot of different ways today. But if you step back and look at year-to-date in the ratings business, Europe 14% year-to-date and the U.S. which I think choppiness in the third quarter notwithstanding is still a very good year, you’re down 7% overseas, some of that's currency. But, Ray, it sounds to me like you don't really expect that to change unless the economies, particularly in Europe, start to grow again strongly. Is that fair?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. At the end of the day, the provision of liquidity and quantitative easing may be helpful, but we are really looking for economic growth to drive increased fixed-income activity. There are things that could help catalyze that. The European Central Bank and other central banks around the world had been engaged in to try and encourage growth. But especially at this point in the cycle, I would rather see - frankly I would rather see some increase in interest rates as a result of greater confidence in the global economy. And that is - it looks to be a more likely scenario for the U.S. than it does for some non-U.S. economies going into 2016.
Doug Arthur: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We will now go to Vincent Hung with Autonomous.
Vincent Hung: Hi. How much were the merit comp increases you put through?
Linda Huber: Well, merit comp increases are sort of 3-ish percent, Vincent, maybe a little bit less than that.
Vincent Hung: Okay. And just last one. When it comes to the M&A-led issuance, how many of those deals did you get extra fees for accelerating the rating if the issuer just wants to get the deal done quickly so they can close?
Linda Huber: Vincent, we don't break that out. Sufficed to say that if an issuer is in a great, great hurry, we can potential charge little bit more for that, but that's not in percentage that we want to comment on mostly because it moves up and down so dramatically.
Vincent Hung: But it’s not prominent.
Linda Huber: Not particularly.
Vincent Hung: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Linda Huber: Sure.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Linda Huber: Hi Patrick.
Operator: Mr. O'Shaughnessy, please check your mute function. We’re not able to hear you.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: My apologies. So my first question was with ESMA report that they put out in earlier October talking about concerns about the competitive environment in Europe. What do you make of that and how are your conversations with ESMA going/
Ray McDaniel: I think our relationships with ESMA is very professional and constructive. They are our regulator and they are in doing inspections, making enquiries and we have to respond to those and we do. They also are required to produce certain reports and analysis pursuant to the regulations in Europe and the reports that they have produced this fall along those lines. And they've been asked to comment on among other things, competition. I think it's fair to say that they would encourage competition, but that they also believe that they have the tools necessary to appropriately regulate the market in Europe and are not, at this point, encouraging additional legislation pursuant to the report that they've prepared.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Yes. I appreciate that. And then last one real quickly for me. Your full-year guidance for Enterprise Risk Solutions implies flattish, I think slightly up quarter-over-quarter revenues in the fourth quarter. I know that typically the fourth quarter is very seasonally strong for that business, and last year probably a little bit more so because there was pull forward. Are you expecting a little bit less seasonality in the Enterprise Risk Solutions in the fourth quarter of this year?
Ray McDaniel: No. Doug, we think the fourth quarter is going to be a strong quarter. It’s just that last year the fourth quarter was an extraordinary quarter. And so the comparable is very tough, but in absolute dollars, the fourth quarter is going to be a big quarter.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Okay. Thank you.
Linda Huber: So it's Linda, just a couple of housekeeping items to make sure we've got everybody working through their models on the same page. So we've talked about where we see the year going, a view might be sort of flattish fourth quarter to last year, which means we have to work on our expenses. We often talk about our expense ramps and we often benchmark this to our second quarter actual expenses, which was about $500 million. At this moment, we are expecting an expense ramp of maybe $20 million to $25 million in the fourth quarter over the second quarter. That's a little bit lighter than what we did last year. It's just very important that everyone knows that if things break favorably and we start seeing issuance really pickup, we could have to put up some more money for incentive compensation. Moving against us, is as Ray said, we're working with the pound, we budget at $1.52 and the euro a $1.12, unfortunately the euro is now at $1.10 and that makes our lives more difficult. So we'll see where the euro goes, but it has moved down a bit with more recent comments on quantitative easing. So given these softer conditions, we are working very hard on our expense line. We continue to repurchase our shares as we said, and we are waiting what will happen with conditions here in the fourth quarter but this week we have seen things improving a bit. So that's I think about everything we have to say. I’ll look to see if Ray or any others have anything else that we need to wrap this up.
Ray McDaniel: Just want to confirm that there are no more questions. Is that correct?
Operator: There are no other questions at this time.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. I want to thank everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again in the New Year. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes Moody’s third quarter earnings call. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 PM Eastern Time on Moody’s website. Thank you.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-24 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Salli Schwartz - Global Head of IR Ray McDaniel - President & CEO Linda Huber - EVP & CFO Michel Madelain - President & COO, Moody's Investors Service Mark Almeida - President, Moody's Analytics
Analysts: Manav Patnaik - Barclays Bill Bird - FBR Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray Doug Arthur - Huber Research Denny Galindo - Morgan Stanley Craig Huber - Huber Research Tim McHugh - William Blair Robert Simmons - Janney Capital Markets Bill Warmington - Wells Fargo Vincent Hung - Autonomous
Operator: Welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Salli Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's second quarter results for 2015 as well as our updated outlook for full-year 2015. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. This morning Moody's released its results for the second quarter of 2015 as well as our updated outlook for full-year 2015. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Moody's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act I also direct your attention to the management's discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and in other SEC filings made by the company which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission's website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Salli. Good morning and thank you everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's second quarter 2015 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. On the legal front we continue to address the litigation matters and inquiries disclosed in our SEC filings. As we don't otherwise have any legal or regulatory update to provide at this time I will then conclude our prepared remarks with comments on our updated outlook for 2015. After our remarks will be happy to respond to your questions. In the second quarter Moody's delivered revenue of $918 million, the 5% increase from the second quarter of 2014 was driven by strong U.S. performance partially offset by challenging European conditions. U.S. revenue was up 18% from the second quarter of 2015 while non-U.S. revenue was down 10% from the prior-year period. Operating expenses for the second quarter was $499 million, up 8% from the prior-year period. Operating income was $419 million, a 2% increase from the second quarter of 2014. Adjusted operating income defined as operating income less depreciation and amortization was $447 million, up 3% from the same period last year. Operating margin for the second quarter was 45.7% while adjusted operating margin was 48.7%. Diluted earnings per share of $1.28 increased 14% from the prior-year period's non-GAAP EPS of $1.12 which excluded a $0.36 gain resulting from Moody's acquisition of a controlling interest in ICRA Ltd. in the second quarter of 2014. Turning to year-to-date performance Moody's revenue for the first six months of 2015 was $1.8 billion, an increase of 9% from the first six months of 2014. Revenue from Moody's Investors Service was $1.2 billion, up 8% from the prior-year period. Revenue from Moody's Analytics was $542 million, up of 11% from a year ago. Operating expense for the first six months of 2015 was $993 million, up 11% from 2014. Much of this year-to-date growth reflects incremental expense from our 2014 acquisitions. As we approach the end of 2015 the impact of these expenses will moderate. Therefore we are maintaining our full-year guidance for expenses to grow in the mid-single-digit percent range. Operating income of $791 million increased 6% from 2014. Adjusted operating income of $847 million increased 7% from the prior-year period. Operating margin for the first half of 2015 of 44.3% was down from 45.4% in 2014. Adjusted operating margin of 47.5% was down from 48.2%. On a constant currency basis and excluding or 2014 acquisitions, operating margin and adjusted operating margin would each have increased approximately 60 basis points year-over-year. Earnings per share for the first six months of 2015 was $2.39, up 13% from the prior-year period's non-GAAP EPS of $2.11 which excluded the $0.36 ICRA gain. We are reaffirming our 2015 earnings-per-share guidance of $4.55 to $4.65 despite uneven global growth and foreign currency volatility. I'll now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Linda Huber: Thanks, Ray. I'll begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned Moody's total revenue for the second quarter increased 5% to $918 million. On a constant currency basis Moody's total revenue increased 10% year-over-year. U.S. revenue of $546 million was up 18% from second quarter of 2014. Non-U.S. revenue of $372 million was down 10% and represented 41% of Moody's total revenue. Recurring revenue of $439 million represented 48% of total revenue. Looking now at each of our businesses starting with Moody's Investors Service, total MIS revenue for the quarter increased 2% from the prior-year period to a record $639 million. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted MIS revenue by 5%. U.S. revenue increased 17% to $412 million primarily as a result of strong performance in investment grade, structured finance and public finance. Revenue outside the U.S. of $227 million declined 17% primarily as a result of a slowdown in European issuance as well as the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation. Non-U.S. revenue represented 36% of total MIS revenue. Moving now to the lines of business for MIS, first global Corporate Finance revenue of $320 million in the second quarter was essentially flat to the prior-year period. This result reflected strong U.S. investment grade issuance primarily from increased M&A activity, largely offset by lower levels of non-U.S. speculative grade issuance as well as a challenging prior year comparable in Europe. U.S. Corporate Finance revenue increased 18% while non-U.S. revenue decreased 25%. Second, global Structured Finance revenue for the second quarter was $121 million, 10% above the prior-year period, primarily the result of strength in U.S. structured credit, RMBS and commercial real estate finance. U.S. Structured Finance revenue was up 20% while non-U.S. revenue was down 10%. Third, global Financial Institutions revenue was $90 million, decreased 2% compared to the prior-year period, primarily given unfavorable foreign currency translation on a weaker euro, partially offset by stronger U.S. bank rating revenue. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, global Financial Institutions revenue was up 6% from the prior-year period. U.S. Financial Institutions revenue was up 10% while non-U.S. revenue was down 9%. Fourth, global Public, Project & Infrastructure Finance revenue increased 2% year-over-year to $100 million. Increased U.S. public finance issuance partially offset by a decline in global project and infrastructure revenue against a strong prior-period comparable. U.S. Public, Project & Infrastructure Finance revenue was up 10% while non-U.S. revenue was down 11%. MIS Other which consists of non-rating revenue from ICRA and Korea Investor Service or KIS contributed $8 million to MIS revenue for the second quarter compared to $3 million in the prior-year period. Turning now to Moody's Analytics, global revenue for MA of $279 million was up 12% from the second quarter of 2014. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted MA revenue by 6%. U.S. revenue grew by 23% year-over-year to $134 million. Non-U.S. revenue increased by 4% to $145 million and represented 52% of total MA revenue. Excluding revenue from our 2014 acquisitions of WebEquity Solutions and Lewtan Technologies, MA revenue grew 7%. Now moving to the lines of business for MA, first global Research, Data & Analytics or RD&A, revenue of $158 million increased 11% from the prior-year period and represented 56% of total MA revenue. Growth was mainly due to the October 2014 acquisition of Lewtan Technologies as well as strong performance in the credit research and content licensing business. U.S. RD&A revenue was up 19% and non-U.S. revenue was up 2%. Second, global Enterprise Risk Solutions or ERS revenue of $83 million grew 24% from last year resulting from strong project delivery across all product offerings as well as the July 2014 acquisition of WebEquity Solutions. ERS revenue is up 44% in the U.S. and 14% outside the U.S. Trailing 12-months revenue in sales for ERS increased 41, excuse me, 31% and 11% respectively. As we've noted in the past due to the variable nature of project timing and completion, ERS revenue remains subject to quarterly volatility. Third, global Professional Services revenue declined 4% to $38 million primarily due to the year-over-year decline of the Canadian dollar as well as the effect of exiting certain Copal Amba product lines in late 2014. U.S. Professional Services revenue increased 10% while non-U.S. revenue decreased 10%. Turning now to expenses Moody's second quarter expenses increased 8% to $499 million, primarily due to expenses from our 2014 acquisitions as well as compensation costs associated with new hires and merit increases. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted expenses by 5%. As Ray noted reported operating margin and adjusted operating margin were 45.7% and 48.7% respectively for the second quarter. On a constant currency basis and excluding our 2014 acquisition, operating margin and adjusted operating margin would have been approximately flat. Moody's effective tax rate for the quarter was 30.4%, down from 33.1% in the second quarter of 2014. The year-over-year reduction was due to a favorable tax ruling from New York State and a change in the New York City tax law regarding income apportionment. Now I'll provide an update on capital allocation. During the second quarter of 2015 Moody's repurchased 2.2 million shares at a total cost of $235 million or an average cost of $107.35 per share and issued 374,000 shares as part of its employee stock-based compensation plan. Over the first half of 2015 Moody's repurchased 6 million shares at a total cost of $601 million or an average cost of $99.61 per share. Outstanding shares as of June 30, 2015 totaled 200.3 million shares, down 5% from the prior year. As of June 30, 2015 Moody's had $1 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. At quarter end Moody's had $3.1 billion of outstanding debt and $1 billion of additional debt capacity available under its revolving credit facility. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at quarter end were $2 billion, up $88 million. Free cash flow in the first six months of 2015 was $554 million, up 32% from the first six months of 2014 primarily due to changes in working capital. As of June 30, 2015 approximately 67% of Moody's cash holdings were maintained outside the U.S. and with that I'll turn the call back over to Ray.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I'll conclude this morning's prepared comments by discussing changes to our updated full-year guidance for 2015. A full list of Moody's guidance is included in our second quarter 2015 earnings press release which can be found in the Moody's investor relations website at ir.moodys.com. Moody's outlook for 2015 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors including interest rates, currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions, consumer borrowing and securitization and the amount of debt issued. These assumptions are subject to some degree of uncertainty and results for the year could differ materially from current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end-of-quarter exchange rates. Specifically our forecast reflects exchange rates for the British pound and the euro of $1.57 to £1 and $1.11 to €1 respectively. Certain components in Moody's 2015 guidance have been modified to reflect the company's current view of business conditions as follows. Global MIS revenue for full-year 2015 is still expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. However, U.S. revenue is now expected to increase in the low-double-digit percent range while non-U.S. revenue is now expected to be approximately flat. Within MIS Structured Finance revenue is now expected to grow in the mid-single-digit percent range and Public, Project & Infrastructure Finance revenue is now expected to increase in the low-double-digit percent range. Global MA revenue for the full-year 2015 is still expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Within MA Professional Services revenue is now expected to decrease in the high-single-digit percent range. The effective tax rate is now expected to be approximately 31% to 32%. And capital expenditures are now expected to be approximately $100 million to $110 million. Before we move to the question-and-answer session I would like to highlight that Moody's Investors Service was recently voted the best credit rating agency in a 2015 poll of U.S. fixed income investors conducted by publisher Institutional Investor. This is the fourth year in a row MIS has won this award. I appreciate the market's recognition of our efforts and I applaud the accomplishments of those in the MIS business. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining us for the question-and-answer session is Michel Madelain, President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investors Service and Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics. We'd be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will go first to Manav Patnaik at Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: There were obviously a lot of moving parts with issuance this quarter. There are two that sort of stuck out to me which I wanted to ask you about. So the first one was I guess you guys mentioned RMBS deliberately in the press release, so maybe just some color there in terms of how broad-based that is for you guys to call that out. And then the other aspect was just in CLOs, the total issuance seemed to have been down but it looks like you guys are doing okay in there. So are there certain market share dynamics that you can highlight there?
Michel Madelain: Well really, so regarding the Structured Finance I think we've seen a good level of activity essentially in some segments of the RMBS market. And we've seen whether it's in the single-family rental space or some of the [indiscernible] as well as some increase in Jumbo activity. So that's really what we had. Can you go back to -b can you maybe restate your other question?
Manav Patnaik: Yes, your performance in the CLO market, like it seems to be minus b.
Michel Madelain: CLO, it's a combination, I think it's essentially driven by our level of engagement in that segment of the market basically. That's really what drove that performance.
Ray McDaniel: And I would just add that the CLO issuance pipeline it remains strong. And some of the recovery in the leverage loan sector in the second quarter compared to the first quarter, probably is going to give the CLO market some legs going into the second half of the year, although we do expect that to eventually slow.
Manav Patnaik: And then Linda, just I think if you can just update us typically on the total OpEx bridge you like to give us through the end of the year. And I'm not sure if you want to, I know you haven't historically, but if I look at the Moody's ratings margins, the MIS margins, clearly it's still healthy but it seems to have some tough comparisons. How, depending on I guess the level of hiring as you mentioned, how should we think about how that margin should progress?
Linda Huber: Sure. I'm sorry, you were looking for what regarding operating expenses?
Manav Patnaik: You know how you last quarter last quarter I think you gave the bridge that it should ramp up to like $40 million by the end of the fourth quarter.
Linda Huber: The view now given what we're seeing at the end of the second quarter on the expense ramp would indicate that we expect that to be about $30 million increase from the second quarter number to the fourth-quarter number. Now we've cautioned that a number of variables can impact that including general expense timing, FX movement and incentive compensation accruals. I would caution that obviously if we do better than plan generally our incentive compensation accrual would increase. And of course if we do worse than plan the incentive compensation accrual would decrease. So generally, though, we think the midpoint case is about $30 million of ramp. On MIS margins I think we would note that we are providing some reinvestment in the business which we think is the right thing to do at this point because the businesses, both businesses are performing very strongly and we're really pleased with the growth progress of both businesses. 10% growth constant currency is really pretty remarkable in an overall S&P market which is less than 1% growth for this quarter. So we think we're doing pretty well. We don't give future guidance on margin side division so I think we'd rather just leave that one alone if that's okay.
Operator: We will go next to Bill Bird at FBR.
Bill Bird: I was wondering if you could just give us your general thoughts on the new issue pipeline and maybe any commentary on what you're seeing in Europe post the Greek stand-off? Thank you.
Linda Huber: Sure, Bill. I'll take a shot at that. And again these of the views we gathered yesterday from U.S. capital markets desks of various investment banks. This information first is just for the U.S. dollar market. And it doesn't align with how we report. And these numbers include both financial and non-financial issuers. So again I'll go through the U.S. first and then I'll make some comments on Europe. And we would note the sort of remarkable difference in the two market areas which I'm sure Michel can speak about later regarding Europe. First of all, in U.S. investment-grade bonds, July was $100 billion month. The first half of 2015 we've seen $700 billion of U.S. investment-grade issuance which is up 20% year-over-year. For the full year the expectation is now $1.25 trillion which is up 15% year-over-year. You'll recall we started this year with a forecast that was supposed to be down 5% to 10%. So again the variability in forecast must be noted as we move through the year. The state of the U.S. investment-grade market is very strong. February, March, April, May and July have all set monthly record issuance levels and the prevalence of the Jumbo deals have continued to drive U.S. investment-grade activity. The current pipeline is above average and we are seeing rates which have remained reasonably low and that has driven M&A activity and there is a significant backlog of announced M&A activity that needs to be funded. Now turning to high-yield bonds, the second part of this $5 billion of issuance in July 1, the first half of 2015 $180 billion which is fat year-over-year. Full year 2015 is expected to be $300 billion which is about flat as well. The current high-yield market is described as okay. That's a technical term. The LBO pipeline continues to underwhelm, it is what we're noting while corporate M&A further accounts for an increase in share of issuance. And the current pipeline is noted as average. Leverage loans, in July we saw $10 billion of issuance, in the first half of 2015 $190 billion which is down 30% year-over-year and the full year is expected to be $360 billion which is viewed to be down 15% year-over-year. Interestingly the loan market right now is currently feeling stronger than the high-yield bond market and the lack of supply and continued CLO issuance is forming attractive supply-demand technicals. Right now the pipeline is average to above average, so we're seeing some slight moderation in the conditions that were brought about by the SNC, the shared national credit program that we discussed on the previous call. Moving now to Europe, the situation in Europe is as different as a number of us have seen it in many years of working here. The euro investment-grade market has been characterized by lower supply due to European market volatility and instability driven by the Greek situation.  However, reverse Yankee issuance remains very active in the European market and I would caution that we book European, I'm sorry, we book reverse Yankee issuance in the U.S. in the domicile of the issuer as opposed to that those bonds are actually being marketed in Europe. Market tone has gotten stronger following the situation with Greece having some resolution and we see some companies opportunistically issuing in Europe. Specifically Apple has a $1.25 billion sterling issue in the UK market today. European high yield saw a slowdown in the second quarter given the Greek situation. And there's been no high-yield issuance in July, although some issues are currently being looked at and we expect that the pace of activity may now pick up. So again I think the headline here is broadly divergent conditions between the U.S. which is quite strong and Europe which is a good deal weaker.
Bill Bird: And then separately I just was wondering if you could talk about the margin lift at MA, some of the drivers and whether you think that kind of lift is durable.
Mark Almeida: As we've been discussing we've been making a lot of effort across MA but particularly in Enterprise Risk Solutions to expand the margin. And we're seeing some of that start to come through and we're seeing good performance with our margin expansion effort. So we're pleased with what we're doing. And we are very focused on doing everything we can to sustain that. I'm not in a position to declare victory and to promise that we're going to be able to continue to drive this degree of margin expansion quarter after quarter. But we're doing everything we can to drive more profitability in the business. And we're optimistic about being able to sustain this over a long period of time.
Operator: And we will go next to Peter Appert at Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert: So Linda you mentioned $30 million cost increase between 2Q and 4Q and I think if I'm doing the arithmetic right this would imply that fourth-quarter cost would be roughly flat on a year-to-year basis. Is that primarily just because of the M&A stuff or is there other factors?
Linda Huber: Peter, we don't like to get into quarter-by-quarter activity so I think it's fair to say that your assumptions there are correct. We are keeping a very close eye on expenses for the rest of the year given the market choppiness that we're seeing. And we're looking to actively address that by putting resources where they need to be. But generally you're right, we've had a major ramp-up in expenses this quarter because of the quarter-over-quarter change with the acquisition costs coming on. We do expect that that will moderate somewhat as we move through the rest of the year.
Peter Appert: And then Linda, another one of the tax rate the New York City changed. Does that result in a permanent reduction in the rates going forward and how should we think about the tax rate going forward?
Linda Huber: Short. I think you heard the guidance, Peter, on the tax rate and we did take it down by 1 full percentage point. That's probably looks a little bit more exciting than it might actually be in practice because we are very cautious about the tax rate these days given the assertive nature of taxing authorities around the world. It's a good change but we're cautious because one-off activity in any quarter can really change the nature of the tax rate. But we do see a little bit of improvement there but probably not anything to get very excited about.
Ray McDaniel: We are also cautious on that side because of the stronger performance coming out of the U.S. as opposed to our European and international business but Europe in particular. So more revenue in a higher tax jurisdiction calls for caution.
Peter Appert: And then for Mark, the strength in the ERS business, you highlight some of that as early completion of projects. So I'm wondering is it possible to think about how much of that revenue benefit is pull forward and therefore may be more conservative expectations for the second half of the year?
Mark Almeida: Yes, there was some pull forward there, Peter. Not an enormous amount, frankly, but there was certainly some and we've had a very, very good first half in ERS. The top line is up 26% in the first half of this year. So you know what our full-year guidance is and we haven't moved that. So clearly we're looking at not such strength in the second half. It's worth noting that we're up against some pretty difficult comps in the second half as well. The second half of 2014 was up 35% over the second half of 2013. So we're going up against a strong comp and also we've got the WebEquity acquisition that we did in the middle of last year. That is now fully in our base or close to being fully in our base so we won't get any bump from acquired revenue in ERS in the second half. So, all of those things are going to have an impact on the growth rate for the rest of this year.
Peter Appert: Can you talk, Mark, though about maybe the momentum in billings as opposed to the trend in revenues as a forward indicator of momentum in that business?
Mark Almeida: Yes, I can tell you that business remains very, very strong. The bookings or the billings have been very good so far year to date. We did have the largest, a very large transaction, our largest transaction ever in fact we booked in the second quarter of 2014. So we didn't have anything of that scale in the second quarter of this year. So you saw a little bit of a downtick in the trailing 12-month sales growth rate but nevertheless the sales production has been very healthy, in line with our expectations, maybe even a little bit ahead and the pipeline is very healthy. So we are feeling very good about where we are with the business.
Peter Appert: And just one last thing, this is maybe for Ray or Michel. The guidance suggests I think that the international MIS business get stronger in the second half of the year. Is that just a function of comps or is there something specifically you'd call out that might be a driver?
Michel Madelain: Yes, if you look at the various segments we have the only really segment where we see a favorable development is expected in Structured Finance and Project Finance effectively. That's where I would expect to see some improvement from what we've seen to date effectively.
Operator: We will go next to Doug Arthur at Huber Research.
Doug Arthur: Linda, if I'm doing my math correctly which I'm probably not, if the impact on MIS from FX was 5% total if I apply that to the down 17% international, does that suggest that underlying FX adjusted was down about 6% internationally? Is that fair if you scrub out FX, the FX impact on international ratings?
Linda Huber: Doug, let me request that you go on to a second question if you have one while the team takes a look at how that lays out.
Doug Arthur: No, that's good, that's my only question. Thanks.
Linda Huber: Okay.
Ray McDaniel: If we can come up with the answer while we're on the call here we will do that.
Operator: And we will go next to Denny Galindo of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, sir. 
Denny Galindo: I want to delve a little bit more into the RMBS strength that you called out. We had looked at issuance from a couple of sources that showed covered bonds down 15% to 20% and also private label RMBS down 15% to 20% and you didn't get the exact number but it sounds like it was up. So I was just kind of curious, are there any one-time fees that you're receiving there or a change in pricing or maybe if you could give us just a little bit more color on the RMBS number?
Ray McDaniel: Yes, as far as the covered bonds are concerned we had a year-on-year decline in the European covered bond component of Structured Finance. The strength was in the U.S. RMBS sector and that related to improved market activity and increased coverage. And as I think Linda had mentioned earlier it covered a collection of different aspects of the mortgage market, the prime component, single-family rentals, some of the agency risk sharing deals. So it was a good strength in U.S. RMBS. It's still well, well below any kind of levels that we had pre-financial crisis. So it's got a long way to go to get back to where it was.
Denny Galindo: Okay and then moving on to PPIF, I don't think we've talked about that yet. There's been some anecdotal stories about cities not using your service because you've changed the way that asses pensions but yet it sounds like you're increasing your guidance for that line item. So I was just kind of curious if you could give us a little color on where that strength is coming from? Is this moving away from Moody's talk kind of more talk than action or any thoughts that you have on that topic?
Ray McDaniel: Well, I guess I'm tempted to say you can't believe everything you read. But I think the misunderstanding if there is one would be what we see as strength in our coverage and strong growth as we reported versus what's happening in the broader market. And that embeds a cyclical shift in the mix from larger issues and issuers that would typically use more ratings to a shift in the issuers who have traditionally used two ratings rather than three or one rating rather than two. That's a cyclical condition and is a market story rather than a Moody's story.
Linda Huber: And if I may, we have a response to Doug's earlier question. Doug you can correct me if I am stating your question incorrectly. I think your math led you to believe that the constant dollar reduction in MIS international revenues was down about 6% and we have taken a look at that and that is about correct. So yes your math is correct. Mr. Galindo, did you have anything further, sir?
Denny Galindo: Yes, I did actually have one more question. Just on the European issuance, we talked a little bit over the last couple of quarters about new mandates there. I know that the strength in issuance is down but are you still getting the same pace of new firms looking to establish new issuer ratings in Europe or has that slowed down this year?
Michel Madelain: Yes, I think we did actually see a slowdown and the slowdown is really related to what we've described happening in bank loan and high-yield where we've seen less activity and that's obviously a significant contributor in overall volume of new mandates. So we've seen in it such a slowdown in first time mandates. I think what is important, I mean the important question for all of us obviously is that a structural or is that sort of a cyclical situation? And we do believe it's cyclical and really reflect the condition that that market is facing at the moment basically.
Ray McDaniel: The only other thing I would add is that while it's down year-on-year it is up sequentially from the first quarter new mandates.
Operator: And we will go next to Craig Huber at Huber Research.
Craig Huber: A few questions if I could please. Linda, I'm just curious first is housekeeping question here on foreign currency given the dozens of currencies you guys are in, what are you budgeting the currency impact, both the cost and revenues for the third quarter and the full-year?
Linda Huber: Sure. Let me just talk a little bit about what this does for us. And I believe where we were we had said I think we're looking at $1.11 on the euro. Let me just double check that, and if I have it right looking at the team $1.57 on the pound, yes, correct. So we do have sensitivity to the currencies and our sensitivity is disproportionately heavier on the revenue line for euros, Craig and heavier on the expense line in pounds. So for a while in the second quarter we sort of had everything going the wrong way. We have many employees in London as you know and we do have billings in euros, so there you see some of the issues that we had to deal with. So the estimated impact of FX for 2015 is we are thinking a 3% to 4% decline in revenue and a 3% to 4% benefit in operating expense. Again as I said $1.57 is what we're looking at for the pound, $1.11 for the euro and the way it lays out is a $0.05 if you will, a $0.05 decline in the euro will give us about $20 million of decline in revenue. Now that's offset to the positive by a $4 million benefit on the expense line, so overall the EPS impact would be a $0.05 decline. So this is one of the things that makes us concerned regarding the guidance view and we're going to just have to see how this plays out through the rest of the year. But we had had the euro relatively steady at $1.11. As the Greek situation flared up we dropped back to $1.08 and I think we're back up through $1.09 today but we're very sensitive to this number.
Craig Huber: Secondly, Linda, what was your incentive comp in the second quarter? What was that in the first quarter please?
Linda Huber: Sure. Just one second. So the incentive compensation amount that we booked in the first quarter of this year, Craig, is what you want?
Craig Huber: That and the second, yes.
Linda Huber: It was $38 million in the first quarter and almost $43 million in the second quarter.
Craig Huber: Okay and then as I typically like to ask you Linda can you just give us the breakdown of revenues for the four main categories, high-yield versus investment-grade, etc. and also the other three categories?
Linda Huber: Yes, sure. We'll start with investment-grade and I'll do the comparisons first with the second quarter of 2014. So in investment-grade that's the main story here, Craig. For the second quarter of 2015 we had about $84 million versus last year's $63 million. And investment-grade comprises 26% of the total revenue in corporate. So we're seeing very good activity in investment-grade as we had mentioned. Speculative grade last year was $77 million. This year it's $60 million and the percentage declined from 24% to 19%. Bank loans was $67 million for the second quarter of 2015 versus last year's $75 million. The percentage was down from 24% last year to 21% this year. And other was up a bit from last year, $108 million versus $105 million last year. Percentage of 34% was about the same. So again largely an investment-grade story for this year second quarter of 2015. Turning to structured, same comparison second quarter of 2015 versus 2014, ABS was up a bit, last year $24 million, this year $26 million. The percentage, though, was 21% of the total structured for the second quarter this year. RMBS was up at $19 million to $21.5 million and consistent at 18% of total structured. Commercial real estate from $30 million to $32.2 million, consistent at 27% of revenues. Structured credit went from $37.3 million last year to $41.1 million, consistent at 34% of the revenue. So again there you see some movement on the ABS line and the commercial real estate and structured credit line as we mentioned. FIG, last year we had $92 million total this quarter, this year we had $90.4 million. FIG is always pretty consistent. Banking was $63.7 million last year, $62 million this year, 69% of total FIG revenues. Insurance is down a bit, $24 million last your, $21 million this year. 23% of total revenue versus last year's 26%. Managed investments about flat at a little over $4 million and 5% of the total and other was about $2.3 million for us and a small piece of the $90 million total. So a little bit weaker in the insurance sector for FIG. Finally PPIF as compared to last year, $54 million in PFG and sovereign which is up nicely from last year's $44 million. The percentage of the total 54%, Project & Infra conversely is down from last year's $54 million to $45.5 million and that's 46% of the total revenue. So those segments sort of switched places in PPIF for this year and I think that's about it, Craig, if that does it for you.
Craig Huber: So I missed that small municipal structured product line you have in there?
Linda Huber: I'm not sure -- that's rolled up into another segment now and I think you're going to have to chat with Salli about that.
Craig Huber: Rolling it, okay. My other question is for organic revenue if you could just help us with this. Within your research business and also ERS what was the underlying organic revenue growth in each of those excluding those small acquisitions please?
Ray McDaniel: As it happens the benefit we got from acquired revenue almost exactly offset the FX hit. So the constant dollar organic revenue growth rate for MA overall was a little over 12%. And a similar story in RD&A. Overall RD&A growth rate on a GAAP basis was 11% and constant dollar organic was also 11%.
Operator: We will take our next question today from Tim McHugh at William Blair.
Tim McHugh: First I want to ask just on ERS, the increased pace I guess of customer deployments is that just timing of where you're at in the cycle or is there something different you've been doing the last couple of quarters that's I guess accelerating how quickly you can get to that revenue recognition point and customer deployment point?
Ray McDaniel: There is a lot that we're doing to try to speed up the implementation of our projects and thus the recognition of our revenues. And that is an ongoing project, so it's not as though we've done it and we've got a structural change in the business that we're going to be able to sustain from here on out. But it's something we're very focused on and we're pleased with the traction we're getting there. It is very much a strategic focus for us and it's something we're trying to do. It's a function of the work that we're doing with the product to make the product more, have more standard features built into the product and focus on selling those standard features and standard versions of the product. So that accelerates or facilitates the implementation of projects. So the short answer to your question is yes and we're making good progress there, but like I said that is an ongoing focus for the management of the business.
Linda Huber: Tim, it's Linda, let me just add one element of clarification. On the finance side and Mark and I and our teams work together very closely on ERS revenue recognition. Software revenue recognition accounting is a very detailed and challenging sort of thing and we're very cautious that we handle revenue recognition appropriately. I think one of the things we've learned to do better is to better match expenses with revenues and to ensure that we stage completion of projects. So I think as a whole the corporation has gotten better at managing this but we're very cognizant of the revenue recognition rules and we're very thoughtful about how we're dealing with those.
Tim McHugh: And ERS in the U.S. the growth rate picked up I guess 19% versus 13% last quarter, steady growth rate there. So I guess what drove the acceleration this quarter versus what you've been seeing?
Ray McDaniel: Well we have the impact of the WebEquity acquisition. That is a very heavily U.S. focused business, so you've got a very significant contribution from WebEquity. But as I said earlier, business generally is very good in MA across-the-board but in ERS specifically and that would be true in inside and outside the U.S.
Operator: Our next question today is from Robert Simmons at Janney.
Robert Simmons: Hi, I'm asking for Joe Foresi. You've talked about reversing the issuance of it. I was wondering if you could quantify that all, like how big a market is that and how long do you expect that to remain strong for you? Any sort of detail would be helpful.
Linda Huber: Sure. Let me just mention that it's very choppy. The strongest month for issuance is probably March, April, and then the market sort of went away as concerns arose about what was happening with Greece. Now that those have somewhat moderated and that doesn't say that those are solved, we are seeing a pickup in potential interest in the reverse Yankee issuance, perhaps spotlighted by as I said the Apple deal in the Sterling market today. It's very hard to predict this because it is very market dependent and we'll have to see how conditions layout. We would also expect that going into August is seasonally a less active month in the European markets as a whole. So, we may see some hiatus here as we go through August and potentially some strengthening as we move back into the September time period. But this is a hard one to call and it moved month by month. Therefore we wouldn't be giving guidance on that and we're happy to talk about this a bit further as we get to Investor Day on Wednesday, September 30.
Robert Simmons: Can you quantify at all how big it is for you guys, though, at the time?
Linda Huber: I don't think we've split that out. I don't know if anyone else has any thoughts on that. No, can't give too much more detail on that.
Operator: And we will move next to Bill Warmington at Wells Fargo.
Bill Warmington: So I was hoping that you might be able to talk about some of the international MIS business lines on a constant currency basis. I know you've talked about the group as a whole but it seems like some of those business lines are doing better than the reported revenue would indicate on the surface. Maybe not but it would seem it.
Ray McDaniel: We can give you some information on the FX impact internationally by line of business. I wouldn't be able to break it down more finely done that. But the FX impact on international corporate finance was $11 million, on Structured Finance was $6 million, Financial Institutions was $7 million, PPIF was $4 million. On the MA side, RD&A international it was $7 million, ERS international was $4 million and Professional Services it was $1 million.
Bill Warmington: And then one other question just on the stress testing in Europe I wanted to ask about how the Greek turmoil was impacting demand for those services. I figure you can make a case for it either positive or negative but I wanted to check.
Ray McDaniel: The Greek situation really hasn't had an impact on our work in Europe in any way, frankly. There's lots of demand for what we're doing among European banks and I can't say that the situation in Greece has had any impact at all.
Operator: And we will go next to Vincent Hung at Autonomous.
Vincent Hung: Just one question from me, maybe I missed this but did you see any evidence of a reversal in the disintermediation trend in Europe this quarter?
Ray McDaniel: A reverse in the disintermediation trend?
Vincent Hung: Or re-intermediation?
Ray McDaniel: As we said the number of new mandates that we are seeing year-over-year is down but sequentially first quarter to second quarter is up. We attribute that not to banks becoming particularly aggressive in lending rather than the attractiveness of bond markets but more to a demand question. So I think as we see growth resume in Europe we are going to see an increase in new mandates again.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Mr. McDaniel. I'll turn the conference back over to you, sir.
Ray McDaniel: Okay, I want to thank you for joining us. And as Linda mentioned we look forward to speaking with you on Investor Day which is September 30 and until then I hope everyone enjoys their summer.
Operator: Once again, this does conclude today's Moody's second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. As a reminder a replay of this conference will be available after 3:30 PM Eastern time on the Moody's website. Once again thank you for joining us.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-01 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Salli Schwartz - Global Head, Investor Relations Ray McDaniel - President and Chief Executive Officer Linda Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mark Almeida - President, Moody's Analytics Michel Madelain - President and Chief Operating Officer, Moody's Investor Service
Analysts: Manav Patnaik - Barclays Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Joseph Foresi - Janney Bill Bird - FBR Bill Warmington - Wells Fargo Peter Appert - Pipe Jaffray Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Tim McHugh - William Blair & Company Vincent Hung - Autonomous Doug Arthur - Huber Research Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James
Operator: Good day and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company we will open the conference up for question-and-answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Salli Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's first quarter 2015 results as well as our updated outlook for full year 2015. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the first quarter of 2015 as well as our updated outlook for full year 2015. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our Web site at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Moody's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section, and the risk factors discussed in our annual reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our Web site and on the Securities and Exchange Commission's Web site. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel: Thank you, Salli. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's first quarter 2015 results, Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. As we have no legal or regulatory updates, I will conclude the comments on our outlook for 2015. After our prepared remarks we will respond to your questions. In the first quarter, Moody's delivered revenue of $866 million, an increase of 13% over the first quarter of 2014. On a constant currency basis Moody's revenue was up 18% year-over-year. Excluding the 2014 consolidation of ICRA and our 2014 acquisitions of Lewtan Technologies and WebEquity Solutions as well as the impact of foreign currency translation Moody's revenue grew 16% year-on-year. Operating expense for the first quarter was $494 million up 14% from the first quarter of 2014. Operating income was $371 million a 12% increase from the prior year period. Adjusted operating income defined as operating income less depreciation and amortization was $400 million also up 12% from the same period last year. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted operating income by 7%. Operating margin for the quarter was 42.9% while adjusted operating margin was 46.2%. Diluted earnings per share of $1.11 increased 11% from the prior year period. We are reaffirming our full year 2015 earnings per share guidance of $4.55 to $4.65 despite our expectations for uneven global growth as well as the strength of the US dollar at current exchange rates. I will now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Linda Huber: Thanks Ray. I'll begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned Moody's total revenue for the first quarter increased 13% to $866 million. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted Moody's revenue by 5%. U.S. revenue of $500 million was up 17% from the first quarter of 2014. Non-U.S. revenue of $366 million was up 7% and represented 42% of Moody's total revenue. Recurring revenue of $124 million represented 49% of total revenue.  Looking now at each of our business starting with Moody's Investors Service, total MIS revenue for the quarter was $602 million up 14% from the prior year period. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted MIS revenue by 5%. U.S. revenue increased 18% to $372 million. Revenue outside of the U.S. was $231 million increased 8% and represented 38% of total ratings revenue. Excluding the 2014 consolidation of ICRA MIS revenue increased 12%. Moving now to the lines of business for MIS, first global corporate finance revenue in the first quarter was up 13% to $299 million, reflecting increased investment-grade issuance from heightened M&A activity as well as strong investor demand for high yield bond, partially offsetting these gains with the contraction impact loan issuance. U.S. corporate finance revenue increased 13% while non-U.S. corporate finance revenue increased 14%. Second, global structured financed revenue for first quarter was $101 million 6% above the prior year period. This increase was primarily the result of strong U.S. commercial real-estate issuance. U.S. structured finance revenue increased 13% while non-U.S. structured finance revenue decreased 6%. Third global financial institutions revenue of $94 million increased 10% from the same quarter of 2014 primarily due to increased revenue from U.S. finance companies and insurers. This benefit was partially offset by a decline in revenue from global managed investment issuers who experienced elevated activity in the prior year period. U.S. and non-U.S. financial institution revenue increased 19% and 4% respectively year-over-year. Fourth, global public project and infrastructure finance revenue increased 25% year-over-year to $101 million resulting from increases in U.S. municipal financing activity and global municipal infrastructure issuance. U.S. public project and infrastructure revenue increased 37% and non-U.S. revenue increased 7%. As a reminder MIS other consist of non-rating revenue from ICRA and Korea Investor Service or KIS. MIS other contributed $8 million to MIS revenue in the first quarter compared to $3 million in the prior year period. Turning now to Moody's Analytics. Global revenue for MA is $263 million was up 11% from the first quarter of 2014. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted MA revenue by 5%. U.S. revenue grew by 17% year-over-year to $128 million. Non-U.S. revenue increased 5% to $135 million and represented 51% of total MA revenue. Excluding the 2014 acquisitions of Lewtan Technologies and WebEquity Solutions MA revenue grew 7% year-over-year. Moving now to the lines of business for MA. First, global research, data and analytics or RD&A, revenue of $150 million increased 9% from the prior year period. Growth reflected strong sales of credit research and licensing of ratings status and 96% customer retention rate and the acquisition of Lewtan Technologies in October 2014. Year-over-year U.S. revenue was up 13% and non-U.S. revenue was up 3%. Second enterprise risk solutions, or ERS, revenue of $77 million grew 29% from last year. This increase resulted from strong project delivery across all product offerings as well as the acquisition of WebEquity Solutions in July 2014. Revenue was up 41% in the U.S. and 22% outside the U.S. Trailing 12-months revenue and sales for ERS increased to 28% and 24% respectively. As noted in the past due to the variable nature of project timing in completion ERS revenue remained subject to quarterly volatility. Third, global professional services revenue decreased 10% to $37 million primarily due to the year-over-year effect of existing certain Copal Amba product line in late 2014. U.S. revenue decreased 4% and non-U.S. decreased 13%. Turning to now to expense, Moody's first quarter expense increased 14% to $494 million, primarily due to hiring in 2014 and the first quarter of 2015, as well as added operating expense from our 2014 acquisition. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted expense by 4%. Excluding the 2014 consolidation of ICRA and our 2014 acquisitions of Lewtan Technologies and WebEquity Solutions Moody's expense grew 9% year-over-year. Moody's reported operating margin and adjusted operating margin were both down slightly in the quarter to 42.9% and 46.2% respectively. Excluding the 2014 consolidation of ICRA and our 2014 acquisitions of Lewtan Technologies and WebEquity Solutions Moody's added more than 100 basis points of operating leverage year-over-year. Moody's effective tax rate for the first quarter was 32.9% compared to 28.9% for the prior year period primarily due to a benefit from the resolution of foreign tax audit in the prior year period. Now I'll provide an update on capital allocation. During the first quarter of 2015 Moody's repurchased 3.8 million shares at a total cost of $366 million and issued 2.3 million shares under its annual employee stock-based compensation plan. Outstanding shares as of March 31, 2015 total 202.2 million and 5% from the prior year. As of March 31st Moody's had $1.2 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. On March 9, 2015 Moody's issued €500 million of 12 year senior unsecured notes at 1.75%. This transaction provides both cost effective financing and a partial hedge for the company's euro exposure. At quarter end Moody's had $3.1 billion of outstanding debt and $1 billion of additional debt capacity available under its revolving credit facility. Total cash, cash equivalent and short-term investments at quarter end were $2 billion, down $50 million from a year earlier. Free cash flow in the first quarter of 2015 was $242.8 million, up 54% from the first quarter of 2014 due to the increase in net income and changes in working capital. As of March 31, 2015 approximately 63% of Moody's cash holding were maintained outside U.S. On April 17, 2015 Moody's announced a quarterly dividend of $0.34 per share of Moody's common stock payable on June 10th to the stockholders of record at the close of business on May 20th. And with that I will turn the call back over to Ray.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks Linda. I'll conclude this morning's prepared remarks by discussing our 2015 full year guidance. Moody's outlook for 2015 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions, consumer borrowing and securitization and the amount of debt issued. These assumptions are subject to some degree of uncertainty and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Moody's guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates including $1.48 to the pound and $1.07 to the euro. Moody's still expects full year 2015 revenue to grow in the mid single-digit percent range. However on a constant dollar basis Moody's full year 2015 revenue and operating expense growth rates would now both be 4% to 5% higher up from the approximately 3% higher than we communicated in February. The company still expects diluted earnings per share in the range of $4.55 to $4.65. For global MIS Moody's still expects 2015 revenue to grow in the mid single-digit percent range. However MIS's U.S. revenue is now expected to grow in the high single-digit percent range while non-U.S. revenue is now expected to increase in the low single-digit percent range. Within MIS both structured finance revenue and financial institutions revenue are now expected to grow in the low single-digit percent range. For global MA 2015 revenue is still expected to increase in the mid single-digit percent range. However MA U.S. revenue is now expected to grow in the low double-digit percent range. While non-US revenue is now expected to increase in the low single-digit percent range. Within MA professional services revenue is now expected to decrease in the low single-digit percent range. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining us for the question-and-answer session is Michel Madelain, President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investor Service; and Mark Almeida, president of Moody's Analytics. We would be pleased to take any questions you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: The first question I had was just around the constant currency improvement. Generally may be you can tie that, was that increase more driven by the Moody's Analytics side or is that just more of the thing better than [indiscernible] some color there?
Ray McDaniel: Manav I apologize I didn’t hear the beginning of your question if you repeat that I would appreciate it?
Manav Patnaik: Yes it was just around the increased guidance on a constant currency basis, so just what the main drivers there were?
Ray McDaniel: The underlying operating business is performing very well. And if not for the decline of the euro against the dollar we obviously as we communicated we would have had even stronger performance in the first quarter. Our current outlook as we said assumes the $1.07 to the euro and so that's absorbing as some of the strength of the underlying operating performance I think that's really the story.
Manav Patnaik: And then you Linda on the expense side I mean you sited a favorable benefit of the FX on the expenses and still it looked like it was up double-digit. So A, is that mainly just because of the contribution of acquisitions and then can you help us bridge what you've given us before in terms of how we expect the expense to move quarterly to the end of the year?
Linda Huber: Yes Manav, your point is correct that the FX impact actually benefits us on expenses and its 4% to 5% benefit, for the rest of the year we think on the expense line. In terms of the ramp for expenses for the rest of the year, this is one of the trickiest calls that we make and there are many things that can cause this number to move around. The expense number for the first quarter is been $494 million and from there now we’re looking at a ramp of about $30 million, but again I would emphasize that could be 25 million it could be 35 million and it's impacted by a number of things including our IT projects and of course that is absence any changes in incentive compensation as we end up doing better. So a good central scenario would be about $30 million but there is some flexibility around that. And please keep in mind that it's one of the tougher numbers to predict that we have to give you. 
Manav Patnaik: And just last one for me, it seems like you guys have had a pretty steady stream of the small sort of tuck in type of deals. Can you -- is that pipeline still pretty active should we be expecting more of these going forward?
Ray McDaniel: As we've said before Manav we certainly are looking for opportunities to add attractive assets to the portfolio that we have. So yes we’re actively looking. But the opportunity to make good acquisitions that what we think our fair prices is lumpy. And we had a series of those last year more than we would normally or have normally had in individual year. So I would not draw from 2014 and try to extrapolate that in 2015.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andre Benjamin with Goldman Sachs.
Andre Benjamin: The question is on ERS, I know is up 29% in the first quarter. So I was just wondering if you could remind us why you're assuming such a sharp decelerations ahead mid single-digit growth for the year. And how we should think about the puts and takes that would drive upside and downside to that guidance.
Ray McDaniel: I will ask Mark Almeida if he wouldn't mind commenting on that.
Mark Almeida: Sure. Andre I think it’s just a matter of or looking at the projects that we've got underway in the ERS business and having pretty good visibility into what work is going to get done and when it's going to be completed and what kind of revenue recognition we’re going to have. So the first quarter was very strong. It was largely in line with our expectations. So again it's really pretty straight forward and it's a function of the schedule of work that’s being done and when we expect it to complete.
Ray McDaniel: I would just add to that, that it's also as much of a story about 2014 as it is 2015 and that we had a very strong fourth quarter, I mean 2014 in ERS which is making for more difficult comparables in the back half of the year. The other thing to add to that Andre is that we did have the WebEquity acquisition midyear last year, and we’re getting some benefits from that in the first half of this year we won't get as much benefit from it in the second half.
Andre Benjamin: Then same business to global professional services I know you said part of the reason it was down was because of exiting certain products. I was wondering maybe little color on what that would have looked like if you have kept those products. And I don’t know how FX is weighing on that business in particular given its more international expose.
Linda Huber: Andre it's Linda and Mark and I are going to tag team on this because I'm managing Copal Amba and he will comment on some other factors. As you saw in the earnings release and then also on the script we had exited part of the business for Copal Amba and that leads us revenue deficit of about $8 million $9 million that we’re looking to catch up from which makes it little harder to have growth on that line. Maybe Mark wants to talk little bit more about the other components of professional services.
Mark Almeida: The other big piece in professional services is our certification business in Canada and the Canadian dollar has fallen pretty sharply so we took a very big FX hit in Canada. So between what Linda described and the FX impacts on the training and certification business it create a lot of headwind for professional services overall.
Operator: We will take our next question from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm: Linda I think every quarter you kind of remind us what the pipeline is looking like, though pretty straight forward question any update you want to highlight particular?
Linda Huber: Sure Alex, we can have it be pipeline time. So what I'll do is I'll note that these are the comments we've gotten from a collection of U.S. capital market's desks and what we’re talk about here first is just U.S. dollar markets and it doesn't align how Moody's thinks about revenue and expenses. So I want to talk about three different areas, investment-grade bonds, and high yield bonds and then leverage loan. And then I'll provide some comments on Europe. So let's look at investment-grade bonds first, for the first quarter of 2015 we have $350 billion of U.S. issuance which is up 20% year-over-year. For the full year the banks are now expecting 1.1 trillion of U.S. high grade issuance, note that that's up 10% from the forecast that we received in the beginning of the year that we had said at that time we're about flat. You will note that these forecast at the beginning of the year are always very speculative and they always move around.  So the state of the U.S. high grade markets is very strong and first quarter of '15 it was a new single quarter record for issuance in the investment grade bond markets in the U.S. there were jumbo acquisitions from AT&T at 17.5 billion and Oracle at 10 billion, we’re anticipating a very busy May as investor demand remains strong. So that's been driven by M&A financing, financial company and bank issuance and opportunistic activity if in fact there is a fed raise later in the year. The current pipeline is described as robust and we don’t see that word too often with many jumbo transactions expected and the bodice that May could rival March in terms of high volume again March was 140 billion. So we've had some pretty heavy quarters here for U.S. investment grade. Let's look at high yield bonds, for the first quarter of 2015 a $100 billion of issuance that's up 20% year-on-year and for the full year we're looking at 300 billion of issuance, again about flat outlook there is an upgrade from the prior down 10% yield that we had seen at the beginning of the year. So the state of the market is very strong, positive funds flows throughout the year so far, rents are performing well and the pipeline is described as average to robust. Now leverage loans which in some sense are a substitute for high yield bonds are not looking robust, this is a result of some changes in what we're seeing from the fed, if you look at the shared national credit program and a press release from November 7th that said had some concerns about high leverage levers and syndicated loans. And again program covers loans of $20 million or more with three or more banks in the deal. So the fed talked about it concerns that has had downward pressure on leverage loans. In any case $100 billion for the first quarter of 2015 down 45% year-on-year 350 billion forecast for the year which is down 20%. The market continues to see a little bit of weakness as I said because of the fed oversight and issuers however have strong demand, are showing strong demand for the paper. The pipeline is judged to be average at this point and we still see a strong year-to-date CLO issuance, 30 billion for the first quarter of 2015 versus 23 billion in the first quarter of '14 and the last two weeks have been positive funds closed into leverage loans. Now let's look at Europe and what we're seeing in Europe. Investment grade in Europe first quarter saw very heavy supply driven particularly by surge in issuance from U.S. based issuers wishing to lock in historically low rates as you probably saw Moody's was part of that, the pipeline looks to be above average in May. Now some of that attractive spread level and the attractive issuance conditions in Europe has weakened a little bit, the conditions were probably in the first quarter but we continue to see above average pipeline. High yield a bit different, market is very strong in Europe up 30% over the same time last year, a record Q1, strong April, good inflows into European high yield and that market looks to be quite attractive right now. So overall U.S. investment grade very robust high yield bonds, robust leverage loans, not so much, Europe investment grade pretty good may be we saw peak opportunity in the first quarter and high yield continues to look pretty good in Europe. So is that sufficient Alex?
Alex Kramm: As detailed as anyone can hope for but may be just couple of things, just to add there. Obviously you highlighted the leverage loans and the fed and also I forgot the word that you used but you said high yields and leverage loans sometimes work, no, counter cyclical is that the right word to use? So if leverage loans come into continues pressure, do you think the high yield market can absorb that, and is that from a margin profitability perspective in particular if you add the CLO side, are you comfortable that those two businesses, that the high yield market will be enough there from your perspective. And then secondly, sorry for the long question, secondly on the European side, am I reading it right that you're actually feeling better about how Europe is going so far but that it's really the FX that's the impact there?
Linda Huber: To deal with your first question Alex I would say that high yield bonds and leverage loans are substitutes for each other, they are counter cyclical that's little bit of different thing, it's a substitution effect. So we are pretty indifferent as to whether we raise bonds or loans, any kind of speculative grade security we're able to price a little higher for so we're happy with either. We released a piece of research yesterday on this situation with the fed and leverage loans and it might be interesting for people on the call to get that. But what we see is that more capital has to be allocated to those leverage loans and there is stricter lending guidance on the bulk of those leverage loans. And the price if a loan is sold to the CLO vehicle. So we would expect that that would continue and we will find that the bond being stronger. Now in Europe issuance conditions are pretty good and we would also note that we think that, that market continues to look good from an issuance point of view. I will let Michel talk little bit about what we’re seeing potentially in terms of new mandates and some other things.
Michel Madelain: In terms of new mandate I think we've seen a bit of slowdown in the first quarter, we see that as a really something that is cyclical essentially there is overall level of growth in Europe is still very much subdued, there is continued to be some covered deleveraging. So against that obviously we've very low rate environment and we have a banking system that continues to struggle somehow. So although we’re very satisfied with the volume we've seen in first quarter, a bank loan we see a similar contraction to the one we've seen in the U.S., but overall I think we continue to see the structural trend in our favor in Europe basically unchanged.
Operator: Next we'll move on to Denny Galindo with Morgan Stanley.
Denny Galindo: Can you talk little bit about the share repurchases, you bought back on an aggressive pace this quarter, you paid a good price. I know you use a grid to figure out exactly how much to buy, at what prices, but can you talk about the metrics that would cause buybacks to go up and down in the quarter. And does in fact that you bought more shares this quarter have any bearing on how much you might buy in Q2?
Ray McDaniel: We do use a grid Denny as you point out, but the details around that and exactly the pace at which we’re going to be buying under that grid as well as opportunistically outside that grid is not something we would want to telegraph.
Linda Huber: Denny our guidance has been around the $1 billion for this year, and pace was a little heavier in the first quarter. We are pleased with the price that we achieved in the first quarter $95.20 per share stock crossed $110 briefly this morning. So we’re pretty happy with that. And we'll have to see as we always say the total amount of buybacks is subject to a lot of different factors and the pacing is something as Ray said that and actual grid prices are not something that we disclose.
Denny Galindo: And then moving on to PPIF group within MIS, it sounded like that was pretty strong. And it's sometimes hard to get good information on that space. Do you expect public financing to kind of remain fairly strong over the next few quarters and what types of issuers are really driving that strength there?
Ray McDaniel: The real strength in the first quarter was coming from the U.S. municipal sector of PPIF, and that municipality is taking advantage of couple of things, obviously low rate and attractive borrowing conditions but also the fact that a lot of the volume from the mid-2000 is coming off of lock up and is able to be refinanced is a driver as well. We do think we’re going to see a good year for PPIF for the full year, but realistically the pace that we saw in the first quarter I don't think that’s a central scenario.
Denny Galindo: And then just one more longer-term question, longer-term and structured we're starting to see some innovation in the stacker deals from GSE or securitizing single family rentals, both kind of ways to bring private money and to financing single family homes. Could you talk about these deals or any other areas of structures which could boost the growth rate in structured products or in that RMBS bucket specifically?
Ray McDaniel: Sure, I'll make couple of comments and Michel or Linda may wish to make remarks as well. Certainly innovation has always been a future of the securitization market as you said some of the new products that we’re seeing is bringing private money into portions of that market. Also changes in regulation are going to have an impact on that market going forward and would undoubtedly drive further innovation. Whether it's the rules or 2016 that are impacting the CLO market and how the market adjusts to that, the leverage limits that are being put on banks the activities in the banking sector that’s being tailed that may move capital raising and liquidity raising into the structure sector should all be characteristics of this market going forward. Really though for the shorter term looking out over the next couple of quarters I think we will be looking for the upside coming from existing products and from a resumption of securitization activity at more robust levels coming out of Europe. Michel I don’t know if you want to add anything to that.
Michel Madelain: Maybe if I may, just one comment on single family rental, it's a sector where we've been active but just in terms of number of transaction that remains fairly small sector. Although again we've seen innovation with new structures with multiple originated deals and so that’s a sector where we have presence, yes.
Linda Huber: Denny I think you may will double check this but I think you may have confused one concept. Stacker deals are deals that come out of the existing portfolios there is a similar type between Fannie and Freddie. So that is to move from the government balance sheet into the capital market. That’s not really a new product and it has nothing, zero to do with private capital, that’s moving balance sheet exposure for the U.S. government into the private market, not new private market origination. So you might want to just think about that little bit. We are not super excited about the innovation in the RMBS market at this point, there are some of those products including single-family rental but these things are few and far between and what we’re really looking for is a resumption of the jumbo mortgage market, the private label jumbo market, but U.S. government is still backing the vast majority of mortgages in the U.S. So still rather limited private capital participation at this moment.
Operator: And we'll move on to Joseph Foresi with Janney. Please go ahead.
Joseph Foresi: I wondered if we could talk first about just trajectory of the margins in the analytics business. I know it's been an area where you are trying to scale up on the software side in this quarter might have been affected by some one-time changes. But can we just maybe, could you give us a little color on sort of what you think that might look like through the back half of the year?
Ray McDaniel: Mark would you like to comment on that?
Mark Almeida: I will comment on what we’re doing with the margins generally, but as you observed and as Linda explained earlier we had some changes that we made in the Copal Amba business and some integration costs that we were dealing with there. If you exclude Copal Amba from Moody's analytics the margin for the rest of the Moody's analytics business actually went up in the quarter, and that’s even taking into account the drag we had from the two acquisitions that we made. So we did that margin expansion on that basis in the quarter that’s the third consecutive quarter of margin expansion in MA. So I think it's consistent with what we have been talking about and the efforts we've been making to drive margin in MA, that continues to be a focus we think it's achievable but as we've described before, we expect this to be a very long-term effort and something that is going to occur in a meaningful way over a number of years and not something that you are going to see a dramatic change in over the next couple of quarters.
Joseph Foresi: Should we think of that as a small creep, I think what that implies and fortunately our models sometime, we extrapolate some of the historical and just kind of run it through going forward. So is that a small creep year-over-year or do you think that momentum in each quarter obviously excluding the one-times carriers through the back half of the year?
Mark Almeida: Well again, what I am describing was modest increase in the MA margin ignoring the Copal Amba business in light of the changes that we were making over there. So I think given that we don't really guide to margins for the business. I think that’s pretty much all we can say there.
Ray McDaniel: And there will continue to be some noise on a quarterly basis just based on the mix of activity that we’re seeing there.
Joseph Foresi: And then just a larger question on issuance side for a number of years people have been talking about the amount of corporate debt out there, and I think starting next year and heading into the back half of that year and going forward that’s all going to come due. Do you have any sense of sort of how that plays from an interest rate perspective and then mixes it to the issuance market?
Ray McDaniel: We've talked before about the refinancing walls that we can see on the horizon. This is particularly pronounced in the U.S. and particularly in the spec grade area. So beginning in 2016 but then really more of a 2017 and 2018 story we are going to see substantial refinancing needs in the corporate sector. That’s true also in Europe and in Asia, albeit to a lesser degree than what we see in the U.S. And I'm not anticipating a dramatic increase in interest rates over this period certainly at the longer-end. So I think even though I keep saying this and I keep being wrong even though I would expect rates to increase on a going forward basis, I don't expect that to be the kind of increase that would make absolute financing terms unattractive.
Joseph Foresi: And then last one for me, any comments you have, I know you said you really didn't have any on the regulatory changes. Any comments or updates there?
Ray McDaniel: No, nothing really new to report on the legal regulatory side, we'll be filing our Q very shortly but again nothing notable that I would point you to as of right now.
Operator: From FBR we have Bill Bird. Please go ahead sir.
Bill Bird: Ray I was wondering if you can talk about you know what you are seeing right now in the reverse Yankee market? Are you seeing that pipeline build, do you anticipate more companies following your lead and tapping this market?
Ray McDaniel: Sure Bill, I am actually going to hand this over to Michel and let him offer his thoughts on this.
Michel Madelain: Well I think this is really a matter of two factors, one, the currency play and two, the rate differential that exist between, and the spread differential between the U.S. and European markets and I think on both of these fronts I think we continue to expect to see favorable factors for such a trend. So we don’t have a number to offer here but I think the conditions that have been favorable to date I expect it to remain in place at least for the foreseeable future for the short-term, medium term.
Ray McDaniel: And Bill let me just add something we show in terms of our revenue performance the revenues based on the location of the issuer rather than the market into which it is issued. So think about that in the context of our U.S. versus European corporate revenues.
Bill Bird: Linda could you also give us the incentive comp accruals for the quarter year-over-year?
Linda Huber: Sure Bill, just a second, while we look that up. For the first quarter of 2015 the incentive comp accrual was about $38 million and that's up from last year's $29.5 million and we're running about on target with where we expect it to be at this point in the year, that number is one that obviously bounces around if we're doing worse that's number is smaller if find ourselves doing better, of course that number would become a bit heavier but 38 million for the first quarter.
Bill Bird: Just one final question, your more moderate growth outlook for structured and financial institutions, is that just currency or is this something else?
Mark Almeida: That's really currency. As a matter of fact most of the outlook story the change is related to currency.
Operator: Next we have Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo.
Bill Warmington: So I wanted to start up by asking about the very strong muni issuance up 37%, just wanted to see if you could talk a little bit about the conditions that have produced that and thoughts on the pipeline there going forward for the rest of 2015?
Ray McDaniel: The 37% growth is really driven again by the U.S. municipal market which had a very strong quarter. We expect that the US market is going to continue to be strong through the year, although not at first quarter levels as I think I mentioned earlier and again it's a combination of refinancing with the opportunity to do so in an attractive rate environment and the expiration of lock up periods for some of the municipal bonds.
Bill Warmington: I noticed the MIS relationship revenue growth about 3.7% just seem particularly low and I wanted to ask how much of that’s being distorted by FX and if there's anything else going on there that would explain that?
Ray McDaniel: No it is again an FX story I know this starts to sound like a broken record but we have reasonably large recurring revenues coming out of Europe a lot of frequent issuer pricing arrangements and the monitoring fees and they go along with that, we’re seeing growth but it's, that growth is really being impacted by the decline of the euro.
Bill Warmington: And then one last question for you on the research data analytics there. Just wanted to ask about how price increases were trending so far in 2015 what your expectations are going to be there for the year?
Ray McDaniel: They are running pretty much in line with the way they were through 2014, so we continue to get a nice kick from pricing we anticipate that continuing.
Operator: Next we have Peter Appert with Pipe Jaffray.
Peter Appert: So Ray your market share performance relative to peers has been really strong certainly in the first quarter, I think even for the last several years. Can you call out anything in terms of what you see driving that performance or any particular categories where you think you are picking up share?
Ray McDaniel: Yes our coverage has been strong and obviously we are -- we would attribute that to a combination of the work we’re doing on our analytics and the demand that that is creating from the institutional investor community for issuers to get Moody's ratings, beyond that I think it's really a matter of operational execution and we’re paying a lot of attention to executing well. Nothing fancy about that.
Peter Appert: No particular asset class, where you think -- I was thinking about for example in CMBS one of your competitors has had some issues, maybe that’s helping you?
Ray McDaniel: Ironically not really in that area, and you are correct the structured finance area in particular shows some coverage volatility it always has rating shopping is more prevalent there. But the area where we’re strong in the commercial mortgage backed securities area in terms of multifamily or multi-property deals we've been strong in even before there were -- where there was a moratorium on the ratings from one of our competitors. And so the strength continues but it hasn't really changed in terms of the mix we’re picking up because of external events.
Peter Appert: And then just one other thing, feels like maybe the banks in Europe are getting a little bit healthier at least there seem to be just scraping by on their version of the stress test. Wondering if you think that has any implications in terms of this whole disintermediation thesis in terms of there is just the competitive pressure from banks being able to better serve lending requirements.
Ray McDaniel: I guess the short answer Peter is, no I don't think so. The demand on financial institutions globally in terms of meeting stress test, capital requirements, liquidity requirements the businesses that they have been curtailed from are all continuing to put pressure on profitability, willingness to make loans, and I think also are increasing the awareness from corporations and municipal entities that they need access to multiple forms of liquidity in capital. So the bond market is not a substitution for bank relationships and alternative and an addition to the banking relationships.
Peter Appert: So 2% to 3% is still the right number in terms of incremental revenue from disintermediation or you think maybe even better than that?
Ray McDaniel: I think that’s probably a fair number, it's going to vary quarter-to-quarter cyclically but structurally I think that’s very much intact.
Operator: And we will take Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Yes I got few questions. Linda if I could ask you just to break down the revenues by your four segments high yield versus bank loans for the three sectors to start up please?
Linda Huber: Sure Craig, we’re looking at the first quarter of 2015 over 2014, so investment grades at $87 million is running at 29% of the almost $300 million we saw in CFG for the first quarter that 29% is up from last year's 18%. So as we said investment grades been running hot and strong and the jumbo deals are really terrific. Spec grade is about $63 million up from last year's $53 million percentages are about the same 21% versus 20%. Bank loans are down both absolutely and in percentage terms about $45 million versus last year's $67 million 15% of the total growth of last year's 25. And other is at $104 million which is up from last year's 97, but on the percentage terms down to 35 versus last year's 37. So big change there is the increase in percentage from investment grade, spec rates bonds and percentage terms up a little bit, bank loans down very important for everyone to note we can do okay with the change mix and we’re doing pretty well just like the fact that the investment grade piece was stronger than first quarter. Now looking at structured, first quarter 2015 versus 2014. Looking at asset backed securities absolute numbers about 21 million about flat from last year's 23 percentages it's 21% of the total for structured of $101 million down from last year's 24. Residential mortgage backed securities which does include covered bonds about 18 million flat from last year's 18 million percentage wise down to 18% versus last year's 19. Commercial real-estate up $33 million from last year's 29 in percentage terms it's also up to 33% versus last year's 31. Structured credit which is primarily CLOs up to about $29 million from last year's 25 percentagewise up to about 28% versus last year's 26. Then FIG first quarter 2015 versus 2014 $94 million in revenue versus last year's 85 million. Banking about 63 million up from last year's 57, that stays flat at about 67% of the percentage total. Insurance at about 25 million versus last year's 21.5 million is up to 27% from last year's 25%. Managed investments 3.5 million versus last year's 6.6 million is down, that’s 4% of FIGs total versus last year's 7%, and others about 2%. And then lastly PPIF total was 100 million versus last year's 80 that’s a big jump, PFG and sovereign up absolutely to $56 million from last year's 41, up in percentage terms 56% versus last year's 51. Project and infrastructure also up about $45 million from last year's 40, percentagewise down to 44% from last year's 49, and that’s the total for a PPIF. So that’s the whole view on the ratings business. We do have the MIS other line which is something kind of newish Craig and that includes KIS and ICRA so that’s up a little bit from last year because of the ICRA consolidation, $7.8 million dollars versus last year's 3.3 and of course the ICRA percentage at 56% of the total is higher because we didn't have that view as of last year.
Ray McDaniel: And sorry just for clarification the MIS other is ICRA's non-ratings businesses. The ratings agency has its revenues rolled up into the lines of business that we have for MIS already.
Craig Huber: Like to ask a simpler question. On the currency side Linda I think last quarter you had about 100 basis points spread between the impact on revenues versus your cost. I believe you said that the second quarter impact 4% to 5% for reach. Is just rounding or you really are thinking almost top each other this quarter?
Linda Huber: It's rounding Craig, this is pretty hard for us to forecast. So what we’re looking at is it's a negative 4% to 5% in revenue, it's positive 4% to 5% in operating expenses, as we talked about before our main exposure of the euro and the British pound at the end of the first quarter the pound was at $1.48 and the euro was at a $1.07 and we had run this year with the euro at a $1.15 with what we've had in our forecast, now a very happy phenomenon for me as the CFO is the euro this morning is at a $0.12. So we’re coming back in the right direction. And Ray and I talk about the euro every day. So what that will boils down to is if you were to see euro to further weaken we would $0.05 decline in the euro would cost us another 20 million in revenue but help us 4 million on the expense side. So the net would be down $16 million or about $0.05 on EPS. So this is actually pretty simple. The short hand we use is if the falls another $0.05 versus the dollar it will hit is $0.05 and EPS which is a pretty simple metric for you to use.
Craig Huber: I guess I'm also asking Linda the 7% hit as you guys calculated when you're operating profit line in the first quarter from currency, are you expecting a similar type hit here on the profit line on currency?
Linda Huber: It could be Craig it depends what happens going forward as I said we’re slightly cheered by the fact that the euro is up a little bit but this is bouncing around far too much for us to put a tight range around this. And as you saw we help guidance and we don't like to move guidance after the first quarter that would be a correct observation, but this currency piece makes it a little bit harder to know where we’re going to go. So we’re going to have to just watch it. The euro could continue to strengthen or it could weaken from here and those two situations don't look the same and that’s why we’re being a little bit thoughtful and we'll see where we get to as the year goes on.
Craig Huber: Lastly Linda is there anything else beside your incentive compensation you would call out, on that variable cost side to help offset the potential weakness at some point down the road on the revenue side, anything else of significance.
Linda Huber: I think we will Craig we always have our 50 million in an expense flexibility if things really got difficult we can slow down on things and certainly slowing hiring would be the first thing, but I always want to put some perspective on this because Moody's is a growth company and you need to think about us that way. We're looking at 72% of the S&P 500 have reported so far. And sales growth for the S&P 500 all in is minus 4.1%. And if you take out the energy companies if you want to make that argument the growth is up 2%. We just put up 13% growth and 18% on a constant currency basis. So in order to do that we’re spending some money but as you know our shareholders have been telling us if we can get growth we should do that, and I think we've demonstrated pretty effectively we’re able to do that despite some pretty hefty currency headwinds. We think we've had a pretty good quarter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will continue with Tim McHugh with William Blair & Company.
Tim McHugh: Most of my questions have been asked but I have two quick ones. I guess Copal you said that $89 million hit from shutting down products, I guess since there is different pieces in there with the certification business. I just wanted to circle back to another question. What's the underlying trend? Are they seeing still good growth, good demand if you adjusted for that? Is it possible to strip that out and look at how it's performing without that change?
Linda Huber: I'll comment a little bit and then Mark may want to comment. I guess we've had the confluence of two frustrating events in the professional services line, and I'm managing the Copal Amba business, Mark is managing the rest of professional services which includes CSI but the two really have nothing to do with each other, other than that they're reported up for the same line in Moody's Analytics. I did mention the product line that we decided to reduce in scope Copal Amba, but we very much like the trends and the outlook for Copal Amba. I think I have mentioned before it has generally Moody's like growth rates and close to Moody's like margins and right now as banks are looking to reduce costs being able to offshore knowledge processes is growing at a pretty terrific rate and we’re very pleased with what we’re seeing at Copal Amba, we were just out in India last week a group of us and we’re very pleased with the opportunity that, that business presents. So just a little bit of a lapping problem and I don't know if Mark has anything more to add about CSI than what he is already said. Mark?
Mark Almeida: I would just add that in training and certification ignoring the currency impact which is quite substantial. Let's say the underlying business is okay, it's not growing as well as the rest of Moody's analytics, so its low trend in that respect but it's alright.
Tim McHugh: And then Mark I guess ERS, I don't know if I missed it but I think in the past you have given kind of a trailing 12 months sales activity or sales growth rate. Can you give that? How does that…
Mark Almeida: I think Linda did mention it, trailing 12 months sales is 24% growth.
Tim McHugh: Does that include WebEquity or is that organic?
Mark Almeida: That includes WebEquity as well.
Ray McDaniel: Which would be a small piece.
Mark Almeida: Yes, it's a small piece, couple of points.
Operator: We will take Vincent Hung with Autonomous. 
Vincent Hung: I just want to pull you back on the question on market share from before. I am really curious as to your strong growth in MIS, so it's up 12% excluding ICRA versus 6% at S&P. And I think one of the sources of dispersion is your non-U.S. results where you saw good year-over-year increase even if you exclude MIS on that. And S&P saw a year-over-year decline. And can you give us some color on the non-U.S. trends you saw this quarter?
Ray McDaniel: I can talk about Moody's; I don't really know anything more than you do about how other firms got to their performance levels in the first quarter. We have talked about the Moody's story pretty extensively here. So Vincent I actually don't have a lot to add to that, I apologize.
Vincent Hung: And then last question. Do you think it would be harsh to say that leverage lending is structurally impaired?
Ray McDaniel: I think that banks have got to work through an evolving regulatory and profitability environment that is going to have an impact on lending. It's also going to continue the disintermediation trend that we've been seeing. And so I think that’s structural as well.
Linda Huber: Vincent its Linda I am going to read you from the Fed's press release on this topic form November 7th. It says the annual shared national credits review with them, that the volume of criticized assets remained elevated to 340.8 billion or 10.1% of total commitments which is approximately double pre crisis level. So let's assume that the banks are listening on that Fed on that front. And perhaps they are tamping down leverage lending in this higher risk category because they have got to hold more capital against these loans as we said even if they put them into CLOs later. So it's pretty important that that situation be understood. And I would urge you to take a look at what the Fed is saying and also the research we have written on this topic.
Operator: We have Doug Arthur with Huber Research. Please go ahead.
Doug Arthur: One quick question. Linda can you just clarify I think you threw out a figure of 35 million as I believe you are referring to the quarterly trend in clause Q1 to Q4. Can you just clarify that figure is, is that revised given the so much heavier Q1 clause or there no change?
Linda Huber: First of all congratulations Doug on your joining Huber Research. And the number of the mid case the base case we’re looking at now is $30 million of expense ramp, and our first quarter expenses were 494, I think on an earlier call we had said maybe 500 for the first quarter. And I think we have had a steeper ramp originally that might have even been $40 million to $50 million. So we’re kind of backing off on that. Again I would caveat, this is probably the number I dislike giving the most because it can vary based on whole bunch of different things and this is cutting it pretty finally to get that midpoint of $30 million of expense ramp Q1 to Q4, but that’s our best guess as of right now.
Operator: And we'll move on to Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: First question is with the reverse Yankees, I appreciate you saying that you book U.S. revenue but how are you charging for reverse Yankees? Are you actually generating revenues in euro on that, and having those translate back to dollars?
Ray McDaniel: If these are U.S. issuers, U.S. domicile companies we would be charging those in dollars.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: And then a follow-up. S&P or McGraw-Hill in their call talked about how the dollar issuance environment was very strong but the breadth of issuance was not very good and so that going to have ramifications on their growth. And certainly that doesn't seem to be something that you guys talked about or showed up in your results. So can you just maybe talk about, do you tend to have a preference for a lot of smaller deals versus a few bigger deals. And what’s recent environment looked like in that regard?
Ray McDaniel: When we look at volume and we look at count, obviously we’re pleased when both are up. But because of the way the pricing is structured I would say as a general rule seeing more smaller issuers a higher count would make more of a difference than higher dollar volume.
Operator: At this time this concludes Moody's first quarter 2015 earnings call. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 03:30 PM Eastern Time on Moody's IR Web site. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-06 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Salli Schwartz - Global Head, Investor Relations Raymond McDaniel - President and Chief Executive Officer Linda Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Michel Madelain - President and Chief Operating Officer, Moody's Investor Service Mark Almeida - President, Moody's Analytics
Analysts: Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Doug Arthur - Evercore ISI Manav Patnaik - Barclays Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Alex Kramm - UBS Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray Bill Bird - FBR Joseph Foresi - Janney Bill Warmington - Wells Fargo Tim McHugh - William Blair Vincent Hung - Autonomous Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James
Operator: Good day and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the Moody's Corporation fourth quarter and fiscal yearend 2014 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] I would now turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Salli Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's fourth quarter and full year results for 2014 as well as our outlook for full year 2015. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the fourth quarter and full year 2014 as well as our outlook for full year 2015. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Moody's President and Chief Executive Officer will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Moody's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission's website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond McDaniel: Thank you, Salli. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's fourth quarter and full year 2014 results and Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. I will then conclude with a few general updates and comments on our outlook for 2015. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. In the fourth quarter, Moody's delivered revenue of $878 million, an increase of 13% over the fourth quarter of 2013. We again achieved growth in almost all lines of business. Operating expense for the fourth quarter was $533 million, up 14% from the fourth quarter of 2013. Operating income was $345 million, an 11% increase from the prior-year period. Adjusted operating income, defined as operating income less depreciation and amortization, was $372 million, also up 11% from the same period last year. Operating margin of 39.3% was down from 40% in the fourth quarter of 2013. Adjusted operating margin of 42.4% was down from 43% for the same period last year. Diluted earnings per share of $1.12 increased 19% from the prior-year period's GAAP EPS and 32% from the prior-year period's non-GAAP EPS. For full year 2014, Moody's revenue was $3.3 billion, an increase of 12% from 2013. Revenue of Moody's Investor Service was $2.3 billion, an increase of 9% from 2013. Moody's Analytics revenue of $1.1 billion was 19% higher than the prior-year period. Operating expense for full year 2014 was $1.9 billion, up 9% from 2013. Operating income of $1.4 billion increased 17%. Adjusted operating income of $1.5 billion increased 16%. Operating margin for 2014 of 43.2% was up from 170 basis points from 41.5% in 2013. Adjusted operating margin of 46% was up 130 basis points from 44.7%. Reported diluted earnings per share of $4.61, was up 28% from $3.60 in 2013. Non-GAAP EPS of $4.21 was up 15% from $3.65 in 2013. Full year 2014 non-GAAP EPS excluded a $103 million non-cash, pre-tax gain or $0.37 per share, resulting from Moody's acquisition of a controlling interest in ICRA in the second quarter as well as a $0.03 benefit from the resolution of a legacy tax matter in the third quarter. Full year 2013 non-GAAP EPS excluded a litigation settlement charge of $0.14 in the first quarter and a legacy tax benefit of $0.09 in the fourth quarter. I'll now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Linda Huber: Thanks, Ray. I'll begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody's total revenue for the fourth quarter increased 13% to $878 million. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted MCO revenue by 3%. U.S. revenue was $479 million, up 15% from the fourth quarter of 2013. Non-U.S. revenue of $399 million was up 10% and represented 45% of Moody's total revenue. Recurring revenue of $444 million represented 51% of total revenue. Looking now to each of our businesses, starting with Moody's Investor Service. Total MIS revenue for the quarter, which included results for net growth, was $565 million, up 7% from the prior-year period. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted MIS revenue by 3%. U.S. revenue increased 14% to $344 million. Revenue outside the U.S. of $221 million declined 2% and represented 39% of total revenue. Moving to the lines of business for MIS. First, global corporate finance revenue in the fourth quarter was up 9% to $263 million, reflecting increased U.S. investment-grade bond issuance and growth in the number of credits monitored. Partially offsetting these gains was the contraction of global high yield bond and bank loan issuance. U.S. corporate finance revenue increased 15%, while non-U.S. corporate finance revenue decreased 2%. Second, global structured finance revenue for the fourth quarter was $119 million, 9% above the prior-year period, reflecting continued strength in global CLO issuance as well as increased RMBS issuance in Europe and the U.S. These gains were partially offset by reduced ABS issuance in the U.S. and Europe, as well as fewer covered bonds issued in Europe. U.S. and non-U.S. structured finance revenue increased 11% and 5% respectively year-over-year. Third, global financial institutions revenue of $85 million decreased 4% from the same quarter of 2013, primarily due to lower bank issuance in Europe and the U.S. Partially offsetting this was increased issuance from Chinese and South Asian financial institutions. U.S. and non-U.S. financial institutions revenue decreased 7% and 2% respectively year-over-year. Fourth, global public, project and infrastructure finance revenue increased 9% year-over-year to $90 million. Gains in the U.S. were partially offset by decreased infrastructure issuance in Europe and Asia. U.S. public, project and infrastructure finance revenue increased 26%, while non-U.S. revenue decreased 14%. MIS other and new line of business, which consists of non-ratings revenue from ICRA and Korea Investors Service, or KIS, contributed $7.9 million to MIS revenue for the fourth quarter compared to $3.2 million in the prior-year period. Turning now to Moody's Analytics. Global revenue for MA of $312 million was up 23% from the fourth quarter of 2013. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted MA revenue by 3%. Excluding revenue from 2014 acquisitions, MA revenue grew 18%. U.S. revenue grew by 15% year-over-year to $135 million. Non-U.S. revenue increased by 30% to $177 million and represented 57% of total MA revenue. Moving now to the lines of business for MA. First, global research, data and analytics or RD&A, revenue of $150 million increased 11% from the prior-year period and represented 48% of total MA revenue. Growth was primarily driven by strength in sales of credit research, ratings data licenses, and economic analysis and data as well as the October 2014 acquisition of Lewtan Technologies. RD&A's customer retention rate remains strong at 96% for the fourth quarter. U.S. revenue was up 13% and non-U.S. revenue was up 7%. Second, enterprise risk solutions, or ERS, revenue of $120 million grew 42% from last year, resulting from strong growth across nearly all product offerings, in particular, the asset-liability and capital solutions, credit origination, insurance and stress-testing verticals. ERS also benefited from the acquisition of WebEquity Solutions in July 2014 and for early completion of some customer projects, leading to better than expected results for the quarter. Revenue was up 10% in the U.S. and 65% outside the U.S. Trialing 12-month revenue and sales for ERS increased 25% and 16%, respectively. As we've noted in the past, due to variable nature of project timing and completion, ERS revenue remains subject to quarterly volatility. Third, global professional services revenue grew 28% to $43 million, primarily reflecting the acquisition of Amba Investment Services in December 2013 as well as mid-single digit growth in our training and certification business. U.S. revenue increased 56% and non-U.S. revenue increased 18%. Turning now to expenses. Moody's fourth quarter expense increased 14% to $533 million, primarily due to hiring and added operating expenses from acquisitions. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted expense by 2%. As Ray noted, Moody's reported operating margin and adjusted operating margin were both down slightly in the quarter at 39.3% and 42.4%, respectively. Moody's effective tax rate for the quarter was 28.1% compared to 30.6% for the prior-year period, primarily due to a higher portion of income in lower tax jurisdictions. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2014, Moody's consolidated ICRA's results of operations on a three-month lag. In the fourth quarter, ICRA contributed approximately $12 million of revenue to MIS. Details on changes to line of business revenue reporting made subsequent to our acquisition of a majority stake of ICRA can be found on Page 13 of our fourth quarter and full year 2014 earnings press release. I'll now provide an update on capital allocation. On December 17, Moody's increased its quarterly dividend 21% to $0.34 per share of Moody's common stock. During 2014, Moody's returned $236 million to its shareholders via dividend payments. During fourth quarter of 2014, Moody's repurchased 4.6 million shares at a total cost of $440.3 million and issued 301,000 shares under employee stock-based compensation plans. For full year 2014, Moody's repurchased 13.8 million shares for $1.2 billion for $88.41 per share and issued 4.9 million shares under employee stock-based compensation plan. Outstanding shares as of December 31, 2014, totaled 204.4 million shares, down 4% from the prior year. In the fourth quarter of 2014, the Board of Directors authorized a $1 billion share repurchase program, which will commence following the completion of the existing program. Included in this incremental program as of December 31, 2014, Moody's had $1.6 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. Also at yearend, Moody's had $2.5 billion of outstanding debt and $1 billion of additional debt capacity available under our revolving credit facility. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at yearend were $1.7 billion, down $428.7 million from a year earlier due to shareholder returns via dividends and share repurchases. This was partially offset by Moody's 2014 bond offering of $750 million of senior unsecured notes. As of yearend, approximately 75% of our cash holdings were maintained outside the U.S. Full year 2014 free cash flow was $944 million, up $59.5 million or 7% from 2013. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Ray.
Raymond McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. We've received a number of questions about recent media report that the Department of Justice is in the early stages of looking into Moody's. As we've been disclosing in our 10-Q and 10-K filings, Moody's like other financial services firms has had heightened scrutiny since the financial crisis from a wide range of governmental organizations. Where we believe specific matters are material, we communicate them in our filings and other disclosures to the market. And in this regard, currently, we have nothing new to report that would alter our existing disclosures. With that, I will conclude this morning's prepared comments by discussing our full year guidance for 2015. Moody's outlook for 2015 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, merger and acquisitions, consumer borrowing and securitization and the amount of debt issued. These assumptions are subject to some degree of uncertainty and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Moody's guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end of year exchange rates with the exception of the British pound and the euro, which assume foreign currency translation of $1.51 to £1 and a $1.15 to €1, respectively. Moody's expects full year 2015 total revenue to grow in the mid-single digit percent range. Operating expense is also expected to growth in the mid-single digit percent range. On a constant dollar basis, Moody's 2015 revenue and operating expense growth rates will each be approximately 300 basis points higher. Moody's projects an operating margin of approximately 43% and an adjusted operating margin of approximately 46%. The effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 32% to 33%. The company expects diluted earnings per share of $4.55 to $4.65. Moody's expect 2015 share repurchases to be approximately $1 billion subject to available cash, market conditions and other capital allocation decisions. 2015 capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $110 million to $115 million, driven primarily by technology investments in MIS, our corporate systems and the integration of our recent acquisitions. These investments are expected to continue over the next several years. Depreciation and amortization expense is expected to be approximately $120 million. Moody's incremental compliance and regulatory expense is expected to be approximately $5 million, primarily due to the continuing maintenance cost to comply with global regulation. Free cash flow is expected to be approximately $1 billion. For MIS, Moody's expects 2015 revenue to growth in the mid-single digit percent range. MIS U.S. and non-U.S. revenue are both expected to increase in mid-single digit percent range. Corporate finance revenue, structured finance revenue and financial institutions revenue are all expected to growth in the mid-single digit percent range. Public project and infrastructure finance revenue is projected to grow in high-single digit percent range. Our issuance expectations underlying our 2015 MIS revenue outlook are largely in line with the consensus view of various global banks, acknowledging that there is a wide range of views in the market. For MA, 2015 revenue is expected to increase in the mid-single digit percent range. U.S. revenue is expected to grow approximately 10% and non-U.S. revenue to increase in mid-single digit percent range. RD&A is projected to grow in the high-single digit percent range. Enterprise Risk Solution is expected to grow in the mid-single digit percent range in 2015 following its 25% growth rate in 2014, which benefited from the early completion of some customer projects. With regard to professional services, as part of our integration of Copal and Amba in 2014, we discontinued certain non-core product offerings. As a result, 2015 professional services revenue is expected to be approximately flat. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining us for the question-and-answer session is Michel Madelain, President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investors Service and Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics. We'd be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Andre Benjamin from Goldman Sachs.
Andre Benjamin: First question, I know the outlook you issued is your official view of the guidance, particularly on the issuance side, but I was wondering where, as we think about 2015, you think there is the most upside versus downside risk to the guidance?
Raymond McDaniel: Just because it's the largest area of our business, I would look to the corporate bond rating area. As we said in our prepared remarks, our outlook is largely in line with the outlooks of the large global banks for bond issuance, both in the U.S. and in Europe. But we did note there is a wide variance in those outlooks, so some of the more optimistic outlooks could certainly generate some material upside for us, particularly in the high yield and in the bank loan area.
Linda Huber: Andre, its Linda, and I'll speak a little bit about what we're seeing on investment grade, high yield and leveraged loans. For each of these I'll talk about what we've seen in terms of issuance in the U.S. year-to-date and then what's expected for the full year. Then I'll talk about fund flows and the state of the current pipeline in each of those areas. So for U.S. investment grade bond issuance, year-to-date 2015, we've seen about $100 billion of issuance for January, which is a strong month. And for the year, we're expecting a $1 trillion of U.S. investment grade bond issuance, which is about flat year-over-year. Fund flows had been good year-to-date, $12 billion into the investment grade marketplace. And the current pipeline is described by the banks we've spoken to as above average. High yield bonds, year-to-date we've seen about $20 billion of issuance. For the year, U.S. is expecting $275 billion of issuance, which is down about 10% from 2014. Fund flows are positive, year-to-date total inflows of $2.5 billion. And the current pipeline is said to be above average, but that is a recent development and the pipeline appears to be building at this point. For leverage loans, year-to-date issuance has been about $30 billion. And for the year, we're expecting about $350 billion of leverage loan issuance, which would be down about 20% from 2014. Fund flows have been slightly negative, down $2 billion so far. The market hasn't seen any daily inflows yet on the leverage loan sector. Current pipeline though is average to above average. And the deal calendar is noted to continue to build at a steady pace. The really interesting point here is what's going on with European issuance. The European investment grade market is in very good shape. Reverse Yankee issuance is expected to be more active, as U.S. companies are looking to issue in Europe, given the largest interest rate differentials in 10 years between euro and the U.S. dollar. The European high yield bond market is off to a strong start. And 2014 also was a very strong year in the European leverage loan market and there is optimistic view on that going forward. M&A issuers should help with that on the loan market front. So we've got some interesting conditions. Investment grade looking pretty good, high yield and leverage loans off to a slower start, but building. And really the very interesting bright spot here is the number of U.S. companies looking to issue in Europe, so bit of a lengthy explanation, but I think that sets the tone for what we're looking at.
Andre Benjamin: I guess, my second question would be for Mark. I was wondering if you can maybe provide some update on the enterprise risk area of Moody's Analytics. Maybe provide some color on why you think the guidance assumes normalization in the mid-single digit next year after such a strong year 2014? Is that based more on what's been contracted than your view on the pipeline, or is it simply being conservative after a tough comp?
Mark Almeida: Andre, I think you nailed it in your note this morning. We had some projects that got completed sooner than expected in the fourth quarter, so we booked the revenue in '14, pulling it out of '15, so I think we've got a tougher comparable as we move into '15. The pipeline is very healthy. And I would say, really you got to think of two pipelines, the pipeline of projects that are already contracted, that we're working on and delivering, as well as the pipeline of prospective new deals coming in. So I think the story for '15 is that from an underlying perspective, business is just as strong, if not stronger, than what we've been talking about over the last couple of years. And really what we're seeing both at the end of '14 and into '15, is the impact of the volatile timing of when revenue gets recognized in this business.
Raymond McDaniel: One thing I would just add to Mark's comment is, as we have developed this business we have been getting some larger sales, more complex projects that have longer implementation, installation phases, and that is a characteristic that we are dealing with now. We certainly like those larger sales, but that also puts some of the revenue out into 2016, that we might otherwise see in 2015.
Operator: And we'll go next to Doug Arthur with Evercore ISI.
Doug Arthur: I was stuck by your comments in the structured business about the strength in residential mortgage, securities, particularly in Europe. Ray or Linda, can you sort of summarize the residential versus commercial mortgage-backed market. I mean, the numbers that I've been looking at look sort of week in terms of total issuance. But it looks like you're seeing something different?
Raymond McDaniel: Let me first turn it to Michel to comment on the European side, if you would Michel?
Michel Madelain: I think, first, you have to put these numbers in perspective. And the base, while we have a high growth in percentage terms, the dollar numbers are not that large. But what is happening in Europe is we had higher volume of issuance in RMBS coming out of the U.K. and Russia, and that is what drove, for Europe, actually, the improvement we've seen in RMBS. We also had similar to what we've seen in the U.S., a strong volume of CLOs basically, which also contributed to the growth we've seen in structural finance.
Doug Arthur: And is that true in the U.S. as well?
Michel Madelain: Yes. And maybe Ray wants to comment on that. But we have the same situation in the U.S. where for CLOs we've seen strong activities. In RMBS, what we really had is we had, what I would describe as a number of non-traditional transactions, where we've seen growth, typically at things such as the single-family rental and agency risk sharing transactions, where we've seen growth basically from prior volumes.
Raymond McDaniel: And, Doug, certainly in the U.S., while we are seeing growth, just keep in mind, it is off of a very low base. So the significance of that line in 2014 and going into 2015 is small compared to for example CLO or CMBS areas of structured finance.
Operator: We'll go next to Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: I just wanted to clarify, so the mid-single digit total revenue guidance includes a 300 basis point FX headwind, is that correct?
Linda Huber: Yes, Manav, that's right.
Manav Patnaik: And then is that the same for all the other line items, like the separate categories, that includes an FX headwind?
Linda Huber: Generally, yes. If there is anything else to be said about this, I'll encourage Mark and Michel to speak about it. But we would have been pretty close to our double-digit growth target, were it not for the FX headwinds. And you can see in our earnings release the rates at which we're using to prepare our guidance.
Raymond McDaniel: And to the extent you're asking is it in our EPS guidance as well as our revenue guidance. The answer is yes.
Manav Patnaik: And how much of the growth is coming from M&A just to get a sense of like the contribution from the deals there?
Raymond McDaniel: As you saw the fourth quarter inclusion of ICRA was about $13 million. And I'll turn to Mark to ask him if he would comment on the acquisitions that are on the Moody's Analytic side.
Mark Almeida: In MA for 2014, our growth was substantially organic. For the year we're talking about in excess of 90% of our revenue growth was organic.
Manav Patnaik: I'm referring just to 2015 like with the inclusion of, I guess, WebEquity and Lewtan, how much does that contribute?
Mark Almeida: Well, again, the majority of our growth in '15 will be organic, but we are getting some benefits from acquisition.
Manav Patnaik: And then, I guess, Mark, just on the margin expansion guidance that you had given us at Investor Day. Does the solid quarter changed that outlook to maybe get to some of those numbers earlier than expected or it was just truly one of those lumpy things you experience in your business?
Mark Almeida: I think it was more than just lumpiness in the business, although that certainly helped, but it's also I think the improvement in the margin is the result of all the work that we're doing to get us there. So I think we're seeing the results of the operational adjustments we're making across the company, particularly in ERS to drive margin expansion, but we did get a bit of a bump in the fourth quarter. So I would be cautious about extrapolating the fourth quarter results out on a linear basis over the next couple of years. We are going to see the margin move around a bit from quarter-to-quarter. But I think nevertheless the trend is definitely going in the right direction and I would expect the operational adjustments we've made will continue to keep us on track to expand margin in MA.
Manav Patnaik: And then last one from me. Linda, you did a couple of debt raises last year, just from where we are today, just your thoughts on leverage and what you anticipate there?
Linda Huber: Sure. We're comfortable with our leverage. We do have some room. We like our rating and we want to stay comfortably within that rating. We probably have $600 million, $700 million of room in terms of what we could do within this current rating, and we'll see how the year progresses.
Operator: And we'll go next to Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: I've got a few questions. Linda, can you just help us, what was the incentive comp in the quarter? I believe it was $47 million fourth quarter a year ago?
Linda Huber: Yes. For the fourth quarter, incentive comp was just about $53 million for the fourth quarter of 2014 as compared to $46.8 million previous year. And stock-based compensation was about flat at $20 million. This year we did a little bit better. We had profit sharing in the fourth quarter. We had to put up $7 million of profit sharing, because we finished the year stronger than we had expected. And for the full year, incentive compensation was $173 million, Craig. Stock-based comp was about $80 million and total profit sharing was $9.3 million.
Craig Huber: And then also, Linda, in your EPS guidance for the year, I am curious, FX gain that you guys posted in the fourth quarter, roughly $18 million, how much are you budgeting that line to be for 2015 in your EPS guidance?
Linda Huber: So Craig, if you take a look at the earnings release, if you look at Page 23, I think it is, we've got that outlined. So what we are doing is, we're assuming foreign currency translation at the end of year rates, with the exception of the specific examples of the British pound sterling and the euro and we're looking at those at $1.51 to £1 and a $1.15 to €1. So we've budgeted flat at those levels and we're not taking a dynamic view from there.
Craig Huber: You said Page 23, I thought this press release was more like 12 pages. So am I missing something?
Linda Huber: You should have a full 24 pages of our at-strength press release here, Craig.
Craig Huber: I'll have to look that up. Ray, the CalPERS case, as your competitor S&P just settled for $125 million. Does that make it any more likely that you guys will be settling CalPERS any time soon or no change in that front?
Raymond McDaniel: No. I think there is really no change on that front. We're in discovery in the CalPERS case. And once the discovery is completed, the next is to move for summary judgment. So we'll not add a point in this case, where the merits have been addressed.
Craig Huber: Then lastly, Linda, like I always ask, if you could just breakout within your four segments, within rating, dollars of a high yields versus bank loans, et cetera, percentages, or however you want do it?
Linda Huber: Sure. Craig, do you want to the fourth quarter as compared to the third quarter. Do you want year total.
Craig Huber: The fourth quarter would be helpful?
Linda Huber: Let's look at fourth quarter 2014 versus third quarter 2014 and we'll look at corporate first. So for investment grade, we had $80 million of revenue in the fourth quarter 2014, which is up dramatically from $39 million of revenue in the third quarter 2014. Spec-grade moved into different direction, we had $34 million of revenue versus third quarter's $54.5 million. On bank loans we had $37 million of revenue versus the third quarter's $62 million of revenue. And on other count we had a $112 million of revenue versus the third quarter's $105 million. Interestingly, the percentages and the total in corporate segment as we said for the fourth quarter was $263 million. The percentages in the fourth quarter for investment grades was 30% of the revenue, spec-grade was 13%, bank loans were 14% and other was 43%. Interestingly, in the third quarter, things were different. Investment grade was only 15%, so as a percentage investment grades doubled in the fourth quarter. Spec-grades was 21% in the third quarter and bank loans were 23%. So the majority of the revenues for the fourth quarter were in fact in investment grade. You can see how these things move around and how we can have pretty strong offset. Let's not say that will happen every quarter. Going to structure, Craig, fourth quarter of 2014, asset-backed $22 million, which was 18% of structured revenue; RMBS, which includes covered bonds, $20 million or 17%; commercial real estate almost $36 million or 30%; and structured credit was $40.3 million or 34%; totaled $118.5 million. And as compared to the third quarter, there ABS is down a little bit; RMBS is about flat; commercial real estate is up in terms of percentage terms, it's only 26% in the third quarter; and structured credit was about flat at 34% in the fourth quarter. Looking at FIG, fourth quarter of 2014, about $60 million in banking revenue, 70% of the revenue line; insurance at $19.2 million or 23%; managed investments $4.3 million, which was 5% of the revenue line; and the other was $2.1 million; total of $85.3 million for financial institutions. Banking a little bit stronger in the fourth quarter with 70% of the revenue; insurance a little bit lighter than in the third quarter, where insurance was 30% versus fourth quarter's 23%. And going to PPIF, fourth quarter we saw almost $48 million of PFG and sovereign. That was up pretty nicely from $40 million in the third quarter. Our project and infrastructure of $42 million, down a little bit from the $44.8 million in the third quarter, and other is negligible. So the total is $90 million in PPIF. And do you want Moody's Analytics as well, Craig, or will that do it for you.
Craig Huber: I'm good on that. But I do have one last quick question. Your overseas operations window, what percent of the revenues are booked overseas in U.S. dollars?
Linda Huber: Craig, we're not going into that level of details on FX. I think the statement that we made is that revenue was about $55 million, $45 million U.S., non-U.S. But we're not going into the currencies, in which we're billing.
Craig Huber: Can I ask you, is it a significant number maybe like north of 10% of your stuff overseas in U.S. dollars. Can you help us at all on that?
Linda Huber: We don't disclose that, Craig.
Operator: And we'll go next to Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm: Just want to come back to sort of a lot of detail you've given on the guidance. Maybe not so big one in particular, but if you look at the U.S., where Linda you talked about the issuance environment, in particular mid-single digit growth is the guidance. Obviously, there is no FX impact. And basically you said, IG flat and high-yield and never slowing down pretty substantially. So help us gap what gets you there? Like obviously, you have pricing power, you have a recurring revenue growth. So just help us a little bit here to get to the delta?
Raymond McDaniel: I mean we do have price opportunities, but I cautioned you on that side that those some of what we can do with price relates to volume of issuance. So if there is a change in a bond rating fee and bonds are not issued, we wouldn't see that pricing opportunity. I think probably the biggest thing that may not be top of mind is the increase in monitoring fees. We've had almost 2,000 new rating relationships developed since the beginning of 2013. So over the last two years almost 2,000 new names are being followed and we do take annual monitoring fees and a lot of that, the majority of that does come out of the corporate sector.
Alex Kramm: Anything to outside of the U.S. to point out what do you think in other regions the issuance and the revenue growth are more in line with each other?
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, I think they are and in particular I think we see some upside opportunity coming out of Asia. There has been good growth in new rating relationships and bond issuance in Asia, not just in corporates, but in financial institutions and banking sector as well.
Alex Kramm: And then just maybe switching topics, because I think in general you folks are pretty down on the outlook for issuance. But let's say, if you get into this environment where maybe it is even worse than what you are seeing here, what are the levers you can pull? I think Linda you mentioned the incentive comp and things like that. Can you share a little bit what the goals are there or the ranges in terms of where that could come out? And perhaps any other levers you can pull on the margin side?
Linda Huber: We generally view that we have about $50 million of expense flexibilities that we can execute without causing a lot of difficulties. I would cautions that forecast on issuance, those forecasts are notoriously wrong. Last year we started off with investment grade issuance for 2014 said to be down 10% and we finished up 10%. So you have to be careful about that. And the first thing that we can do is we would probably look to slow our rate of hiring, if we see this difficulty. We can slow up on certain technology project, for example. But we think we've taken a good middle of the fairway view here in terms of our guidance. And I'll let Ray comment a little bit further, if he'd like to.
Raymond McDaniel: Now, as Linda says, we do have tools available to manage expense in more extreme environment, but frankly what we're looking at is just some uneven cyclical conditions. We're probably going to continue to invest through those, because we see some very good long term opportunities and we want to be ready to see some.
Operator: We'll go next to Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert: Ray, appreciate your comments on the legal front, and of course I want more. So you guys don't see any need apparently in the context of the aggressive buyback to reserve cash for potential legal settlements. I'm wondering if you could talk about just where things stand on other cases. Are there any you'd call out that you think we should be paying particular attention to? And then any commentary on directional legal cost for you guys?
Raymond McDaniel: As I have said on the previous calls, the number of active cases is down dramatically from what we had in the peak following the financial crisis. It's down to about a dozen cases here in the state. And we have not had any new litigation since 2013, and the litigation that we have is uniformly in early stages. Nothing is going for summary judgment. There are no imminent trials. So there is not a lot of new news on the litigation front from our previous communications to you.
Linda Huber: We talked about the financial strength and flexibility of the corporation in the prepared comments. We have very significant cash balances of almost $1.7 billion and undrawn credit line of $1 billion. And we're going to run our capital allocation plans in accordance with the guidance that we've given. And beyond that we're just not going to speculate on hypothetical.
Peter Appert: Linda, how about any color on how the costs will build in 2015?
Linda Huber: Yes, Peter, we've been taking a look at that. And I think what we wanted folks to do was take a look at the expenses. First quarter number you might want to focus on. We're never sure if we have this quite right. But we ended the fourth quarter at an expense run rate of about $532 million. We think folks should probably back that off to a little bit over $500 million in the first quarter of '15. And then we see our ramp this year is being a bit more gradual, because in '14 we had a lot of acquisitions to take into account and those are pretty expensive to bring online. And then we had strong incentive compensation builds in the fourth quarter, as we did better than we expected. So we would expect the ramp to go from sort of $500 million in expenses to maybe $530 million or $540 million. And that we'll largely see a pickup in the fourth quarter. So you want to take the ramp $30 million to $40 million. But it will be relatively smoother over the first three quarters with sort of how we're looking at it. But we often don't get this right, because of the incentive comp piece.
Peter Appert: And then Linda, gross margin is quite a bit lower than what MIS does, correct?
Linda Huber: I will pass that one over to Ray or Michel.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, it is a lower margin business, and they do have public financials. So those are available to you.
Peter Appert: But do you guys now run the business actively?
Raymond McDaniel: We have majority control. But as I said, it is a public company, so we're involved through the Board of Directors, and we have a majority of the Board of Directors, but there are also independent directors. We have someone that we've known for a long time as group CEO. So we are managing the business, but in the context of it being a public company with minority shareholder rights and procedures that have to be followed in an Indian context.
Operator: We'll go next to Bill Bird from FBR.
Bill Bird: I was wondering if you could speak to what's happening on the investments grade line. It was really struck by the spike in investments grade revenues in Q4. If I look back over the last three years investment grade, typically throttles at $40 million to $60 million a quarter. So I was just curious if there is just kind of anything different going on in terms of how you're pricing the product or does this tie into Ray's comments on monitoring fees?
Raymond McDaniel: The fourth quarter was a strong issuance quarter for investment grade, but it was also supported by mix. There were some large transactions and some issuers that, even though they are investment grade might not fall into our frequent issuer pricings, so that they were on per issue pricing basis, and so it was both good volume and good mix. And monitoring as you mentioned, that continues to ramp.
Linda Huber: This is how you can see the strength of the M&A financing pipeline coming through. And I think we had commented when I read through the various market sectors earlier, we do see a backlog of M&A financing from deals that have been announced and that's helpful to us.
Bill Bird: And then separately as you look at the yearend based on the pipeline that you see right now, how do you see growth sequencing this year? Are we going to likely start strong than we finish or what do you see as the shape of growth this year?
Linda Huber: This is also something that we notoriously don't perhaps do as well as we would like to in terms of the timing, because we are really subject to how the market looks from quarter-to-quarter. Recently, we've seen the second quarter and the fourth quarter to be stronger revenues quarters, Bill, and I think we would probably continue to see that. MIS has that pattern. And I think from Mark's business, the Moody's Analytics business, fourth quarter is always the strongest. It's quite strong and you saw that in 2014 as well. Beyond that I'll invite Ray to give any further comments, but that saw-toothed pattern would be something that I think we'd expect to see again.
Raymond McDaniel: On the MIS, that's what really has been driving the saw-toothed Mark's business. Moody's Analytics tends to grow sequentially whereas Moody's Investor Service follows the saw-tooth and being larger tends to drive a saw-tooth pattern for Moody's Corporation. As we've said, there are a lot of different opinions about issuance expectations for 2015. They are subject to, in my view, a more than customary number of uncertainties, which create both risks and opportunities. Certainly, looking at the strong job creation in the U.S. and how that might influence the Fed's thinking on interest rate, balanced against the weakness in global growth in most places that are not the United States and trying to manage that from a monitoring policy perspective, we will be watching that just as everyone else is. And I would imagine that that is going to lead periods of very active growth and periods of relative softness throughout the year.
Bill Bird: And just one final question related to structured finance. Was wondering if you just speak to the new CLO risk retention rules and how you see them impacting the market?
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, the market's going to take some time to adjust to that. We don't see, for example, that there is going to be an elimination of CLOs. There maybe more of a concentration in some of the large CLO arrangers, but it seems unlikely to me at least that the banking sector is going to be able to step-in and provide the capital absent some sort of securitizations process. And so I would imagine the market is going to be looking for ways to continue to do that process in a way that is regulatorily compliant and economically attractive. It's happened historically and I would expect to see that again this year going into 2016, where it becomes effective.
Linda Huber: Bill, one other thing I just want to caution you and all the other analysts and people who take a look at Moody's. As I said, the issuance pipeline in Europe looks very, very strong. In fact, we're told by the banks that it's difficult to get a roadshow slot to show your bonds in Europe right now. There is that much traffic for issuing into Europe. So some times some folks take an overly U.S.-centric view of things and Moody's is completely agnostic as to where companies issue. We're just pleased that they're issuing. So you should take a look what's going on over in Europe, as particularly the first quarter unfolds. And Asian issuance is looking pretty good for us as well. So just keep an eye on the global pattern this year, which might be a little bit different.
Operator: We'll go next to Joseph Foresi with Janney.
Joseph Foresi: I wonder if we could drill down on what drove margins in the fourth quarter in the Analytics business. I just want to get a sense of sort of what took place there and maybe a better understanding of the trajectory. I know you expect them to increase in 2015?
Raymond McDaniel: Mark, do you want to comment on that?
Mark Almeida: Sure. Well, again, it was really two things going on. One were what I would characterize as the structural changes that we're making in the business and some of the operational disciplines we're bringing in to drive more margin, particularly in an enterprise risk solutions. So I think we're just doing a better job. We're being much more disciplined about pricing projects to ensure that we can deliver the kinds of profitability that we expect and require for the business. So that's a piece of it. And then the other piece of it is the fact that we just, as we discussed, we had a number of projects that completed sooner than expected, that for which we round up reporting revenue in the fourth quarter. So we had an inflow of revenue on the topline and our expense base was our expense base. So that was driving a bit of a spike in the fourth quarter. So you've got two things going on. You've got structural and then the cyclical, if you will. Is that helpful?
Joseph Foresi: It is helpful. I wonder, is there a way to think about the trajectory of long-term margin expansions or even the trajectory of '15, will they step back down and then gradually go up or --?
Raymond McDaniel: Again, I guess, I'm going to hold to my commitment that we're going to grow margin in this business in ERS over the next several years and we're going to get a number of points of margin expansion over several years. So I think that's the way to think about it. I wouldn't guide you to think about a meaningful shift in margin one way or the other going into '15. Maybe that's the best way to set your expectations for this year.
Joseph Foresi: And then obviously we're kind of excited about the European issuance market there. How do we think about either the profitability or the revenues coming in from European market in light of the currency and the move in currency? I know you've given overall guidance for the total piece. I'm just wondering, as you look at those two factors together, how should we be thinking about those?
Linda Huber: Joe, let me talk a little about what we're seeing with FX. So we spoke about that for 2015, we would be pretty close to double-digit revenue growth, were it not for the FX piece. And of course, it hurts us on revenues and it helps us on expenses. So about 3% loss on revenue from FX and about the same to help on the expense line. The main exposures for us that we're working with are the euro and the pound. And we are able to hedge a portion of our exposure using some derivatives that are discussed in our Ks and Qs. It's pretty effective, pretty easy to hedge; transaction exposure, which would be something like acquisitions or debt issuance activities. Little bit trickier to hedge translation exposure. And for us, a good rule of thumb for everyone to think about, if the euro declines from the $1.15 we've budgeted for by another $0.05, that will hit us about $20 million in revenue. And that will be offset by about $4 million of benefit in expense, so net, $16 million on the operating income line. The EPS impact of a $0.05 decline in the euro would be about $0.05 on the EPS line. So you can think about that, use that as a rule of thumb, and that's assuming that the pound is pretty static in this equation, because the euro is the currency that's been moving around.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. That's assuming that the pound at $1.51 and just the euro moving.
Linda Huber: Yes.
Joseph Foresi: And then just lastly, I know it's often difficult to find sort of the niche acquisitions that you're looking for. How does that pipeline look in general? And were there any specific areas that you're looking to capitalize on in '15?
Raymond McDaniel: We are always looking. We remain disciplined about what we try to pull the trigger on. More of the opportunities are on the Moody's Analytics side. The opportunity that we had with ICRA on the MIS side last year was a little more unusual. But in terms of the specifics on the Moody's Analytics side, I think we'd rather wait till we have something to announce, just so we can look around confidentially.
Linda Huber: Joe, also just in case you want to think about the EPS impact of the acquisitions that we've done, and '14 was a pretty active for us, the acquisitions were dilutive by about $0.05 in 2014, and we expect that to be about the same in 2015, about $0.05 of dilution from the acquisition.
Raymond McDaniel: From our existing acquisitions.
Linda Huber: Existing acquisitions rolling forward. But wanted to just give you that number, which might be helpful.
Operator: We'll go next to Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo.
Bill Warmington: So I had a question for you on Copal and Amba. You've mentioned that as a result of the discontinued product lines the revenue expectations there was going to be flat for 2015. But I wanted to ask what you thought the longer-term, how we should think about the longer-term growth rate for that group going forward? And also speak, perhaps to the demand that you're seeing from U.S. financial institutions for those types of services.
Linda Huber: I am managing the business, so I'll take this one. You're right, we did discontinue a product line, so it's going to make it a little trickier to have the professional services line grow this year. Historically, and going forward, we would expect Copal Amba to be growing in the low-ish teens. Its margins, which we don't disclose are quite strong. And we're very pleased about that. But given the need for U.S. financial institutions, and in fact, global financial institutions to watch their expenses, we see very good demand for this high-end knowledge process outsourcing that we do. Legacy Copal supports investment bankers in producing pitch books and valuation models. Legacy Amba is more focused on providing support for equity research analysts. And both of those businesses are doing very nicely. So we wanted to focus on those core areas. And Mark may want to comment just a little bit more about what's going on with the rest of professional services, which he's managing.
Mark Almeida: Yes. On the training and certification side of Professional Services, the business is doing better. We had a couple of years where things were fairly soft in that area. The fundamentals in the business have improved nicely, but we are taking a pretty big whack there with the strength of the dollar, because much of that business is outside of the Unites States.
Bill Warmington: And then second question for you on CapEx, and $110 million to $115 million guidance. I wanted to just ask, if you look at the CapEx over the past three, four years, it's gone from sort of the mid-40s to $75 million in past year to $110 million to $115 million. Maybe talk a little bit about what's driving that? And also, if the $110 and $115, we should think of that is kind of the new normal for the way the business is being run.
Linda Huber: You're right. We have had an increase in CapEx costs. Given the revenue line of the business, we're still running a pretty CapEx-light kind of business. But the main thing that we're doing here is pretty typical of other financial services companies as well, which would be, what we're doing here is we're making capital investments on the technology front. And over the next few years primarily that involves Moody's Investor Service as the main beneficiary in our corporate systems secondarily. And part of what we're doing here is we're providing for a more scalable and flexible infrastructure for MIS. We are hoping to make our analysts ever more efficient and have flexibility to deal with any kinds of regulatory change that might come in the future. So those are multiyear projects. Our businesses are performing really well. We are very pleased with how 2014 has come in. So we think it's appropriate that we continue to invest in those businesses. And yes, $110 million to $115 million is probably right for the next couple of years. But for the size of our business, it's still not a particularly heavy CapEx line. So hope that helps you out.
Bill Warmington: A couple housekeeping items. I just wanted to double check. The contribution from acquisitions on a total company basis, it looks like it was about 200 basis points to 300 basis points. Is that a good number? Looks like about 13% reported, 3% from FX, gets you to about 16% constant currency, and then 200 basis points to 300 basis points off of that for acquisitions to get to organic.
Linda Huber: Are you looking at the revenue line or the operating line?
Bill Warmington: The revenue line. I want to just get to an organic constant currency numbers.
Raymond McDaniel: I don't have the specific number in front of me, but you're approximately, your range is correct. That is looking at Amba, which was a 2013 acquisition. So if you're specifically asking about the 2014 acquisitions, it would be a much smaller number.
Bill Warmington: And then just also asking the share count exiting the quarter?
Linda Huber: Sure. I think the simple share count was at 204 million shares. And we took out about 4% net of the share count in 2014. That's probably reasonable to model as a net number over '15, Bill. We can never be sure exactly how that will work out, because as we said, we're shooting for $1 billion. Lacking any other better ideas, you probably ought to just look at that pro rata over the year. We run, as you know, systematic share repurchase programs, so we try to stay in the market all the time and we set those programs ahead of time, so we can stay in the market despite most things that are going on with the company. So I would run that, about $250 million a quarter, something like that.
Operator: We'll go next to Tim McHugh with William Blair.
Tim McHugh: Just want to ask about the corporate finance segment, the other accounts. Can you talk a little, remind me, I guess, what's in there and what's driving the growth that has grown quite a bit as percentage of revenue for corporate finance?
Raymond McDaniel: The MIS other line is a combination of Korea Investors Service and ICRA's non-ratings businesses. They both have some non-ratings activities. So that's what's captured in that line.
Linda Huber: Are you asking about specifically other within the CFG line? Is that what you're looking for?
Tim McHugh: Yes.
Linda Huber: Sorry. We're prepared to answer different questions here. So let me take a shot at that. What's in that line and the reason why it's growing, it includes fees from monitoring, which Ray has talked about are really nicely moving in our favor, because of the increased number of credits we're looking at. Then there is some other things, medium-term note programs, shelf programs, commercial paper, a smallish business on estimated ratings, and other indicatives, and corporate family ratings, and as Ray said the ICRA rating revenue as well. So it's a group of different things, but it is a large and nicely growing line item for us.
Tim McHugh: Is the monitoring fee is the piece that's driving it to grow so much as a percentage of revenue?
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. That is the largest driver.
Tim McHugh: And then you're being asked about the MA margins in general for 2015. Do you have, I guess, if I missed it, did you say something or gave your view on MIS's margins? Do you expect them to improve next year or be flat? I guess, what's the outlook?
Raymond McDaniel: No, I don't think we would anticipate margin expansion at MIS, if in fact we're in a mid-single digit revenue growth environment. Certainly, if we get surprised on the upside with issuance volume or rated coverage, I would anticipate having good incremental bring-down from that upside surprise. So we'll have to wait and see.
Operator: We'll go next to Vincent Hung with Autonomous.
Vincent Hung: Just going back to the guidance of investment grade flat, high yield down 10% and loans down 20%, that's just U.S., right?
Linda Huber: This is not guidance. It's rather the view of a group of issuing banks that we talk to. So it sort of sets the tone in terms of what the various banks are seeing in terms of trends for this year. But you're right, that's U.S. only.
Vincent Hung: Do you have a similar sort of sense for Europe?
Linda Huber: What I might do is turn it over to Michel, who might have a better sense of that.
Michel Madelain: As Linda said, I think we expect more positive story on investment grade. High yield, we should benefit from sort of the environment in Europe and then the sort of successful yield we see across the board. And as I think Linda mentioned last year was good year for leveraged loan and we expect that to continue. So that's sort of directionally what we're seeing at the moment.
Vincent Hung: And just on the comment about the pipeline for high yield was above average and developing. Is that's because it's been so weaker today?
Linda Huber: I think you have a good point there Vincent. High yield is very subject to market conditions, and so as we started January with oil bouncing around, with overall rates coming down, but spreads widening a bit, the pipeline has only recently firmed. But that is a positive development for us. But again, we'll continue to watch it. And with fund flows being positive that's good as well. So we'll have to see, but we're encouraged by the recent strengthening.
Vincent Hung: And just lastly, on the investment grade strength in the fourth quarter, I think you noted the helpfulness of the M&A pipeline. Is that supported by the higher fees associated with having to do the deals quicker?
Linda Huber: It can be, but not necessarily. So many of these are really large deals, and that the frequency of M&A deals and the size of them have generally been helpful to us.
Operator: We'll go next to Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick OShaughnessy: Couple of quick follow-up questions for you. So within structured finance that derivatives or structured credit bucket obviously had a very strong fourth quarter. Can you refresh my memory kind of what products kind of fall within that and where was the specific strength in the fourth quarter?
Linda Huber: Structured credit is pretty much a CLO story these days, and that would speak to much of the strength in the fourth quarter. One of the things I was noticing as I was pulling this data together, CLO volume so far for 2015, issuance volume is $3 billion. 2014 issuance volume for CLO was $124 billion, which is just a very, very significant number. And we'll see what happens with that number in 2015, but that's what most of the structured credit consist of these days.
Raymond McDaniel: And for both the fourth quarter and the full year, CLO strength, I mean, there was real strength in the U.S. But I would also point to Europe, although it's a smaller market, a smaller component of the business, there was also strong growth there.
Patrick OShaughnessy: And then a follow-up question on the expense ramp over the year. I appreciate how it's kind of tricky to figure out exactly what that slope is going to look like. But given everything you talked about I think you said maybe start the first quarter barely over $500 million and then kind of finish the year maybe $530 million, $540 million. If we take, say, the low-end of that average, say that quarter is $510 million, you multiply that by four, that gets you to $2.04 billion. If I divide that by what your expenses were last year, $1.895 billion, I'm getting something like 8% expense growth. And your full year guidance is more like mid-single digit. So am I screwing something up with my math or is it just pretty tricky to figure out what that ramp is going to look like?
Linda Huber: It's pretty tricky to figure out the ramp, and we're not going to go into it quarter-by-quarter. It is mid-single digit, so take a little bit of a look at what you're doing. We return back to target incentive compensation, which would mean 100% incentive compensation and no profit sharing. And I think as I mentioned, profit sharing is a little over $9 million this year and incentive compensation, because we had a good yearend and was a little bit higher. So we normalized those things as we go into the view of the expense ramp for 2015. So you're close, but you might want to think about it a little bit more.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. End of Q&A
Linda Huber: Just a couple of housekeeping matters for everybody who might be trying to run models. We did note that regulatory and compliance costs will be about $5 million incrementally for 2015. So we wanted to make sure that that was noted by one who is working on their models. Additionally, we wanted to note the tax rate of 32% to 33%. In 2014, particularly in the fourth quarter, we had some positive resolution of one-off international tax matters. And to keep our lives exciting, the U.S. approved reenactment of extender legislation before the end of 2014. At this point that has not been extended into 2015, which is why we're looking at 32% to 33% rate for 2015. And I think with that, we've got most of the housekeeping out of the way, unless anybody else has any last final question.
Raymond McDaniel: Just before we end the call then, I would like to announce that we'll be hosting our Annual Investor Day again this year. We'll be doing it on Wednesday, September 30, here in Manhattan. And more information will be available on the Inventory Relations website, as we get closer to the event. So thank you all for joining us today.
Operator: And this concludes Moody's fourth quarter and full year 2014 earnings call. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 04:00 PM Eastern Time on Moody's website. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-24 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Salli Schwartz - Global Head, Investor Relations Ray McDaniel - President and Chief Executive Officer Linda Huber - Chief Financial Officer Michel Madelain - President and Chief Operating Officer, Moody’s Investor Service Mark Almeida - President, Moody’s Analytics
Analysts: Alex Kramm - UBS Manav Patnaik - Barclays Bill Bird - FBR Joseph Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Tim McHugh - William Blair & Company Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray Bill Warmington - Wells Fargo Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James
Operator: Good day, and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody’s Corporation Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Salli Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody’s third quarter results for 2014 as well as our outlook for full year 2014. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Moody’s released its results for the third quarter of 2014 this morning. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, President and Chief Executive Officer of Moody’s Corporation will lead this morning’s conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody’s Corporation. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings press release. Today’s remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management’s Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I will now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Salli. Good morning and thank you everyone for joining today’s call. I’ll begin by summarizing Moody’s third quarter 2014 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. I will then conclude with a few general updates and comments on our outlook for 2014. After our prepared remarks, we’ll be happy to respond to your questions. Moody’s achieved strong growth in the third quarter with total revenue of $816 million, an increase of 16% over the third quarter of 2013. Record revenue growth in Moody’s Analytics and double-digit revenue growth in nearly every line of business contributed to our overall performance. Operating expenses for the third quarter were $466 million, a 13% increase from the third quarter of 2013. Operating income for the third quarter was $350 million, a 20% increase from the prior year period. Adjusted operating income, defined as operating income less depreciation and amortization, was $373 million, up 18% from the same period last year. Operating margin for the third quarter of 42.9% was up from 41.3% in the third quarter of 2013. Adjusted operating margin of 45.7% for the quarter was up from 44.6% the same period last year. Diluted earnings per share of $1 for the quarter increased 20% from $0.83 in the third quarter of 2013. Non-GAAP EPS of $0.97, which excluded a $0.03 benefit from the resolution of a legacy tax matter, increased 17% from the third quarter of 2013. Turning to year-to-date performance, revenue for the first nine months of 2014 was $2.5 billion, a 12% increase from the first nine months of 2013. Revenue of Moody’s Investor Service was $1.7 billion, an increase of 10% from a year ago. Moody’s Analytics revenue for the first nine months of 2014 of $766 million was 17% higher than the prior year period. Operating expenses for the first nine months of 2014 were $1.4 billion, up 7% from the first nine months of 2013, which included a first quarter litigation settlement charge. Operating income of $1.1 billion increased 19% from $923 million in 2013. Adjusted operating income was $1.2 billion, a 17% increase from the prior year period. Operating margin for the first nine months of 2014 of 44.5% was up from 42.1% from the same period last year. Adjusted operating margin of 47.3% was up from 45.3%. Diluted earnings per share of $3.48 for the first nine months of 2014 increased 31% from $2.66 for the same period in 2013. Non-GAAP EPS of $3.09 for the first nine months of 2014 grew 10% from $2.80 for the same period in 2013. Year-to-date 2014 non-GAAP EPS excludes a $0.36 gain resulting from Moody’s acquisition of a controlling interest in ICRA Limited in the second quarter and the $0.03 legacy tax benefit in the third quarter. Year-to-date 2013 non-GAAP EPS excludes the first quarter litigation settlement charge of $0.14. I will now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Linda Huber: Thanks Ray. I will begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody’s total revenue for the quarter increased 16% to $816 million. The impact of foreign currency translation on revenue was negligible for the quarter. Third quarter U.S. revenue increased 15% to $449 million, while revenue outside the U.S. grew 17% to $367 million and represented 45% of Moody’s total revenue for the quarter. Global recurring revenue grew 10% to $415 million and represented 51% of total revenue, down from 53% in the prior year period. Looking now at each of our businesses starting with Moody’s Investor Service, total MIS revenue for the quarter was $543 million, up 14% from the prior year period. U.S. MIS revenue of $329 million increased 13% from the third quarter of 2013. MIS revenue generated outside the U.S. of $214 million increased 14% and represented 39% of total ratings revenue. The impact of foreign currency translation on MIS revenue was negligible. Moving to the lines of business for MIS, first global corporate finance revenue in the third quarter increased 12% from the year ago period to $261 million. Despite a year-over-year decline in global non-finance corporate bond issuance volume and flat rated bank loan issuance volume, Moody’s benefited from a greater number of smaller deals. This favorable mix of bond and bank loan issuance as well as additional monitoring revenue associated with new ratings customers were the primary drivers of year-on-year revenue growth in the corporate finance line of business. U.S. and non-U.S. corporate finance revenue were up 8% and 19% respectively. Second, global structured finance revenue for the third quarter was $102 million, an increase of 22% from the prior year primarily reflecting increased rating activity for U.S. collateralized loan obligations or CLO. U.S. and non-U.S. revenue increased 31% and 7% respectively against the prior year period. Third, global financial institutions revenue of $92 million increased 16% from the same quarter of 2013. U.S. revenue increased 9% primarily due to increased issuance by insurance companies. Non-U.S. revenue increased 22% due to higher levels of bank issuance from China and Europe. Fourth, global public project and infrastructure finance revenue increased 7% year-over-year to $89 million. U.S. revenue increased 15%, primarily due to increased rating activity in public finance and project finance. Non-U.S. revenue decreased 5% from the prior year period, primarily due to lower infrastructure issuance in Europe And turning now to Moody’s Analytics, global revenue for Moody’s Analytics of $273 million was up 20% from the third quarter of 2013. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted MA revenue by 2%. U.S. revenue grew by 19% year-over-year to $120 million. Non-U.S. revenue of $153 million increased 21% from the prior year period and represented 56% of total Moody’s Analytics revenue. More than two-thirds of MA’s revenue growth in the quarter was organic, with the remainder coming from acquisitions. Moving to the lines of business for MA, first, global research data and analytics or RD&A, revenue of $147 million increased 10% from the prior year period driven by strong sales of credit research and content licensing. RD&A’s customer retention rate remained strong in the mid 90% range. RD&A U.S. and non-U.S. revenue were up 6% and 14% respectively as compared to the third quarter of 2013. RD&A represented 54% of total MA revenue. Second, global Enterprise Risk Solutions, or ERS, revenue of $81 million grew 26% against the prior year period due to growth in revenue from subscriptions and services. U.S. and non-U.S. revenue were up 23% and 27% respectively against the same period last year. Excluding WebEquity, which we acquired in mid-July, ERS revenue increased 21% from the prior year period. Trailing 12-month revenue and sales for ERS increased 14% and 15% respectively. As we have noted in the past due to the variable nature of project timing and completion, ERS revenue remains subject to quarterly volatility. Finally, global professional services revenue grew 54% to $45 million, primarily reflecting the December 2013 acquisition of Amba Investment Services. U.S. and non-U.S. revenue increased 130% and 28% respectively year-over-year. Turning now to expenses, Moody’s third quarter expenses increased 13% to $466 million compared to the third quarter of 2013. The increase was primarily due to higher compensation and real estate cost attributable to additional headcount as well as increased incentive compensation accruals. The impact of foreign currency translation on operating expenses was negligible. Moody’s reported operating margin for the quarter was 42.9%, up 160 basis points from 41.3% in the third quarter of 2013. Adjusted operating margin was 45.7% for the quarter, up 110 basis points from 44.6% for the same period last year. Moody’s effective tax rate for the quarter was 33.5%, an increase from 29.1% for the prior year period primarily due to higher U.S. and non-U.S. taxes on foreign income as well as certain discrete items that reduced the effective tax rate in 2013. Now, I will provide an update on capital allocation. During the third quarter of 2014, Moody’s repurchased 3.5 million shares at a total cost of $320.5 million or an average of $91.89 per share and issued 900,000 shares under our employee stock-based compensation plans. The outstanding shares as of September 30, 2014 were $208.6 million, reflecting a 3% decline from the year earlier. As of September 30, 2014, Moody’s had 1 billion of share repurchase authority remaining under its current programs. At quarter end, Moody’s had $2.5 billion of outstanding debt and $1 billion of additional debt capacity available under its revolving credit facility. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at quarter end were $2.1 billion, an increase of $61 million from a year earlier. As of September 30, 2014, approximately 66% of our cash holdings were maintained outside the U.S. Free cash flow for the first nine months of 2014 was $653 million increased $30.5 million or 5% from the same period a year ago. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Ray.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. First, I would like to provide a brief recap of the regulatory update that we provided at Investor Day. In the U.S. in August, the SEC voted to adopt its final rules for NRSROs as required by the Financial Reform Act. The final rules closely track the proposed rules, which had been published in 2011. In anticipation of the final rules, Moody’s has made substantial technology and other investments over the past several years. Consequently, we will be in a position to implement the relevant compliance obligations by the SEC’s deadlines. Turning to Europe, certain of the provisions of CRA3 are subject to further rulemaking. The next round is expected to conclude by the first quarter of 2015 and will include certain reporting requirements and disclosure obligations. On a separate note, for the third year in a row, Moody’s Investor Service was voted the best credit rating agency in the 2014 poll of U.S. fixed income investors conducted by the well-known publisher, Institutional Investor. MIS was also again named Asia’s most influential credit rating agency in a similar poll conducted by the publisher, FinanceAsia. Moody’s Analytics was named the best regulatory capital calculation management provider and the best asset and liability management provider by Asia Risk Technology Rankings. I appreciate the markets recognition of our efforts and I applaud the accomplishments of both the MIS and MA businesses. Finally, I would like to discuss the changes to our full year guidance for 2014. The full list of Moody’s guidance was included in our third quarter 2014 earnings press release which can be found on the Moody’s Investor Relations website at ir.moodys.com. Moody’s outlook for 2014 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors including interest rates, corporate profitability, business investment spending, merger and acquisition activity, consumer borrowing and securitization and the amount of debt issued. There is an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions and if actual conditions differ Moody’s results for the year may differ materially from the current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. Based on our strong year-to-date performance, we are reaffirming our non-GAAP EPS guidance in the range of $3.95 to $4.05. This range excludes the $0.36 gain resulting from Moody’s acquisition of a controlling interest in ICRA Limited in the second quarter and the $0.03 legacy tax benefit in the third quarter. Additionally, while global MIS revenue for the full year 2014 is still expected to increase in the high-single digit percent range, non-U.S. MIS revenue is now expected to increase approximately 10%. Within MIS corporate finance is now expected to increase approximately 10%. Structured finance is now expected to increase in the high-single digit percent range. And lastly public project and infrastructure finance is now expected to grow in the mid-single digit percent range. This concludes our prepared remarks and joining us for the question-and-answer session are Michel Madelain, President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody’s Investor Service and Mark Almeida, President of Moody’s Analytics. We are pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we will take our first question from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS: Hey, good morning or hello everyone actually. I wanted to just talk about the current business and what you are seeing out there, I mean clearly with all the volatility in markets the issuance has slowed down a little bit in October. So, maybe you can talk a little bit more about what you are seeing out there where you talk to defs and obviously how that has impacted your guidance, you obviously lowered a couple of items, so are you feeling still very confident in making that guidance this year or does the current outlook concern you a little bit more here? Thanks.
Linda Huber: Alex, it’s Linda. Let me talk a little bit about what we are hearing from various defs and then I will let Ray comment on his thoughts about that. For investment grade we have had a very good settling of the market since last week. Last week did see in the U.S. reduced investment grade issuance of only $6 billion. This week and I just checked before I came upstairs it’s probably going to be a $20 billion week, a little bit better. Next week looks to be the same or a little bit better. What we are seeing now is that pipelines are robust. The pipelines are quite strong. We are expecting a heavy fourth quarter in investment grade because we have $100 billion of M&A pipeline that needs to be financed before the end of the first quarter in 2015. So investment grade looks like it stabilized and looks quite strong. High yield did take a step back last week and had only one deal priced last week. This week it’s been quite a good bit healthier though. So I think we characterize state of the high yield markets as improving. And we have seen some transactions that are looking ready to come next week so that’s good. The pipeline would be viewed as average however. And on leverage loans we also see an average pipeline and we do see perhaps $20 billion in leveraged loans for October. So again that pipeline is looking a little bit on the average side as well. So, very good strength in investment grade, a lot of backlog there and high yield and leverage loans looking more on the average side. So with that, I will let Ray translate that for you.
Ray McDaniel: First of all, I think we do feel pretty confident with our outlook for full year. Certainly we are cognizant of the volatility that we have seen in the market recently. Not surprising, we have been dealing with this for quite a while and so there are periods where the market – the pipeline slows. So, it’s really not a question of the pipeline as much as it is whether that pipeline is pushing forward. And as Linda described, we see particular strength in investment grade and more average pipelines in the spec grade bond and loan areas, so really just underscoring Linda’s comments.
Alex Kramm - UBS: Okay, great. And then maybe just as my follow-up here maybe a little bit more detail, but on the recurring revenue in MIS, that’s obviously been a nice stable driver and I think Linda you mentioned that in your prepared remarks this quarter, I think 10% year-over-year growth. More interesting though what I noted is that quarter-over-quarter, so down from the second quarter, recurring revenues actually declined a few million, I think in corporate and structured. So, I think this was the first time we saw that in several years. So, I usually think about recurring revenues as kind of building on top of each other. So, maybe – was there anything particular that was going on this quarter or why would that be coming down? Thank you.
Linda Huber: Sequentially, Alex, you are adding 500 if I can say that on CFG in the second quarter, we had $82.4 million of relationship revenue and it was down to $80.7 in the third quarter in structured, however, we had $40.6 million and we are up to $41.5 million. I wouldn’t take too much away from that quarter-over-quarter and I’d ask Michel to comment if you think there is anything of particular to note in that, but we do have new rating mandates coming online. And as we said as those come into our stock of monitored ratings, they do add to that recurring revenue total, but I don’t think there is anything particularly unusual going on quarter-over-quarter. Michel, anything you would like to add?
Michel Madelain: No. I mean, I would say I was going to say the same thing really nothing to point to any sort of structural change and the positive momentum from additions to the portfolio continue and so, no, nothing to add. There maybe a ForEx element here that you may want to comment on that, Linda, but….
Ray McDaniel: The foreign exchange element was not material, so that really wasn’t a driver, but the trend we believe is going to continue to see increases in the recurring revenue. And it really follows on from the new rating mandates that we are getting and that turns into monitoring fees in the forward years. So, we do expect the trend – upward trend to continue.
Alex Kramm - UBS: Okay, fair enough. Just I was stuck out a little bit to me, but I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: And we will move to our next question from Manav Patnaik from Barclays.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays: Hey, good morning, afternoon I guess. The first question I had was I guess the two things that I guess supposed change from the Investor Day, which is I guess the slightly more negative European outlook, and then recently I guess we had those risk retention rules signed on the structured side. I was just wondering if you guys had a view on those risk retention rules and how that might impact the structured business, especially in the U.S.?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. We obviously have been watching the risk retention rules and the fact that the various regulatory authorities approve those rules earlier in the week has caused quite a bit of commentary in the market in anticipation of what this may mean. Certainly, in the near-term, we don’t see any significant impact. There are periods 1 to 2 years before the risk retention rules become effective after they are published. In the longer run, we would anticipate that there will be at least some modest impacts. The way, the risk retention rules have been developed are going to affect different asset classes differently. So, for example, we might anticipate some of the smaller CLO arrangers and issuers to be less active, while the larger ones that have more capacity to deal with the risk retention would probably remain active. The only other comment I would make on this, because really I think there is a lot of uncertainty about exactly how the market is going to deal with these risk retention rules and how that markets reaction will evolve, but to the extent that it decreases activity in certain parts of structured finance, I would anticipate that’s going to increase activity in other parts of the market. And so there is going to be an offset. For example, if there is some reduction in CLO activity, we may see an increase in us high-yield bond activity. So, we will have to watch and see, but we have got – we have got a fair amount of time before these rules become effective. As far as the European outlook, let me ask Michel if he would comment on that.
Michel Madelain: Thank you, Ray. Well, in Europe, I think we do see effectively a macroeconomic situation, which is not – obviously not very favorable and that has an impact on some of the activities we see. We as you may have seen from our guidance and our numbers, some of the adjustments were made in Europe in CFG and structured finance. So, if there is clearly a slower pace and that is something we have seen last quarter and we anticipate to see in the next quarter.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays: Okay, thanks. And just one more on ERS, I guess how much of the improvement on the top and bottom line I suppose was due to timing versus an actual acceleration in these underlying trends?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. Mark, you want to?
Mark Almeida: Sure. Well, the top line was very much a function of timing. We – a lot of the revenue we have recorded in the quarter was the result of our completing projects and recognizing the associated revenue. So, that was certainly an element of what was going on, but it was a very strong quarter across the board, across all of our product lines in our various delivery mechanisms in ERS. We haven’t disclosed anything on the ERS bottom line. So, I am not sure that I have much I can offer you on that.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays: Alright, thanks guys.
Operator: And we will move to our next question from Bill Bird with FBR.
Bill Bird - FBR: Yes, good morning. Also on MA, I am sorry if I missed it, but what was the segment’s organic growth and was there anything unusual driving the higher profit pull-through on revenue growth in MA in the quarter? Thank you.
Ray McDaniel: We – well, the organic growth was about two-thirds of total growth. So, we reported we were up 20 – about two-thirds of that is organic. So, the organic number was very strong. And the improvement in the margin I think is largely attributable to the contribution from of the Copal Amba business, but – and I don’t think that reflects all that much frankly about the longer term efforts that we are making in Moody’s Analytics and in ERS specifically to drive margin. That’s going to be a longer term effort that we will play out over a period of years. And I would just add in terms of the organic growth that we had double-digit organic growth in each line of business within Moody’s Analytics. So, it was very strong performance across the board.
Bill Bird - FBR: And then separately just to follow-on on Europe, which is be curious of your perspective on the new ABS and covered bond purchasing program and how you see that impacting the European structured business?
Ray McDaniel: Yes, I will offer a comment and if Michel wishes to add anything, I will invite him to do so. Really, we don’t see it having a large impact on the market. Yes, I think it would have a more significant impact if the issue were around – if the issues were around liquidity and the availability of liquidity, but that has not really been the principal issue. I think it’s more of a supply demand issue. And so while this is probably going to be helpful at the margin, I don’t think it really gets to the heart of what’s causing the European structured market, covered bond market to be soft. And Michel, if you have anything to amplify my comments please do?
Michel Madelain: No, not really.
Ray McDaniel: Okay.
Bill Bird - FBR: Thank you very much.
Ray McDaniel: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Joseph Foresi with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Joseph Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott: Hi. First sort of a big picture question, we have seen I guess interest rates move down a little bit over the last couple of months. How should we think about the relationship, I know what part of this answer is going to be, but how should we think about the relationship I know what part of this answer is going to be, but how should we think about the relationship between interest rates and sort of what you are thinking about for a growth rate for next year. In other words if they tick down should we be more encouraged for a growth rate or less and how should we think about that?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. We have talked about this some before and my views at least have not fundamentally changed. Certainly interest rates being as low as they are encourages more opportunistic financing, pre-financing. And it’s also encouraging I think the speculative grade market because of the reach for yield, so lower quality credits that are offering higher yields are attractive. But we really – I think we would actually benefit from seeing some more economic growth globally in terms of issuance activity and more issuance for capital expenditure. We have seen a nice uptick in borrowing for mergers and acquisition activity and some of the temporary financing around M&A should turn into more permanent financing in 2015 and that’s probably a positive. But again, the borrowing for business expansion, capital expenditure is really not strong and the slowdown particularly in Europe, but also some concerns about Asia I think is going to be – have an impact on whether we are going to get these other elements of issuance to be more active.
Linda Huber: Joe, its Linda, just a couple of quick follow-ons as we started the call this morning the tenure in the U.S. is about 2.25. The Blue Chip Forecast for next year, the median scenario was about 3.25, but there is also a strong view that perhaps the lower end of that forecast that has the tenure at about 2.8 might actually prevail. But this sort of range is a bit of a sweet spot for us and as we said we see very strong investment grade pipelines. And we just need a little bit of calm in order to have better conditions in high yield and leverage loan markets. So U.S. treasuries still are a much higher yielding security than European bonds at this point. And we think that that demand for U.S. treasuries is going to in that immediate term keep interest rates relatively close to where they are. So we think that presents quite a reasonable outlook for us. But you are right it does appear that rates may be lower for longer than had been feared earlier this year.
Joseph Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott: Got it. I mean just to summarize, I am clear. So ultimately the drop in rates is an incremental positive if the macro remains steady then we should think about that as incrementally positive outlook for next year, is that fair?
Ray McDaniel: Well, I mean this is somewhat speculative.
Joseph Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay.
Ray McDaniel: But I would say probably the best condition for us would be modest increase in rates, if that is the result of more confidence in the business environment. So the rates where they are now to the extent they are reacting to geopolitical conditions and weakness in Europe certainly provide attractive financing rates. But absolute rates, it’s difficult to envision a scenario where absolute rates are not pretty attractive in 2015 anyway. So I wouldn’t mind seeing the rates move up a little bit with more business confidence.
Joseph Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott: Got it. Okay. And then just last one for me. Obviously we talked about the organic growth rate in the analytics business. When we look at that aggregate rate going out past the next couple of quarters, is there a step up in the organic once you include those acquisitions going forward and how should we think about the long-term rate in that business or growth rate in that business?
Ray McDaniel: Well, I think that we would expect our organic growth rates all things being equal to remain around where they are today. Of course there is a lot that can happen that will influence that particularly when it comes to the movements in currencies and things like that. But as I said all things equal, we would expect to be able to sustain our current level of organic growth.
Joseph Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott: Thank you.
Operator: And we will move to our next question from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Yes, hi. Thank you. My first question, Linda, just a general housekeeping question, can you help us breakout four ratings areas, the revenue is finer, corporate finance, high yield bank loans, investment grade etcetera in the quarter?
Linda Huber: Sure, Craig. Starting first with corporate finance, investment grade for the quarter is $39 million, which is 15% of the total line of $260.7 million for corporate. Spec rate is at 54.5% or 21%, bank loan $62 million, 24% of the total line, and other accounts at $105 million. The big news there would be the strong growth in the investment grade lines and also strong growth in the spec grade lines. And it maybe puzzling we have heard a lot of questions from analysts this morning as to how can it be that those two lines have been down in terms of what they are looking at in terms of issuance activity and yet revenue is up. So, we would comment our usual caveat that it’s very hard to track our revenues from issuance and trying to do it is obviously a challenge. On the investment grade side, the difference would be that last year we had the Verizon deal, which was $49 billion in the third quarter numbers. If you take that out, U.S. investment grade issuance is actually up 17% in the U.S. and mix is important to us. More smaller deals are better for us. And in high yield, the situation is about the same. We saw fewer jumbo deals from last year and particularly in EMEA we saw better revenue yield, because of smaller deals which are helpful to us. So, again, just looking at the headline issuance numbers are going to help you, you have to look at the deal size and what was going on in the previous year. With those comments, I will move on to structured finance. Total was $102 million for the quarter. Asset-backed we saw $23 million and that’s about 23% of the total; RMBS $18.3 million, 18% of the total; commercial real estate 26.9% or 26% of the total; and structured credit, 33.8% or 33% of the total. And here are the big drivers in structured credit, which has moved up to $33.8 million from $20.1 million last year. That’s all about the growth in CLOs and that sector has been very strong for us in structured, but seeing global structured up 22% is a nice change and we are very pleased about that. Moving on to financial institutions, total for that line is $91.8 million, banking is $60.7 million of that or 66%, insurance $27.1 million or 30%, and managed investments $4 million, about 4%. And there we saw good growth both in the banking and the insurance line as we have commented previously. And public project and infrastructure, total of $88.5 million, $40 million from public finance and sovereigns, 45% of the total; munis about $4 million or 4% of the total; and project and infrastructure about $44.8 million, 51% of the total; and there in PFG and sovereigns we saw good growth year-over-year. So, that’s the story on the rating agency.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Appreciate that. And then also can you just give us the incentive comp number in the quarter?
Linda Huber: Sure. Hang on just a second. Incentive compensation for this quarter was $46.8 million and we did increase that a bit from last quarter’s $44.2 million. That came with the change in guidance and we saw that we had – we have pretty good performance. For the fourth quarter, I would suggest that you would model somewhere between $40 million and $45 million. It depends how we do and that number is going to move around depending on how we do for the end of the year.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Okay. And then also I’d like you to ask rate yourself, what do you think needs a change in the marketplace right now to kind of see RMBS pick up significantly from here in the U.S.?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. I mean, right now, it looks as though it’s policy driven as much as anything having to do with market conditions or market forces. The role of private label mortgage-backed securities is – remains very small. And probably the most expedient way to grow that market would be if there were lower limits on qualifying mortgages that would go into Fannie and Freddie, but I am not aware of any moves to make that happen. So it looks like that the U.S. RMBS market at least is going to remain relatively soft. In Europe, again the securitization market in Europe has been broadly soft for some time now. Policymakers would like to see more activity. They are certainly talking up a resumption of that market. But to the extent that their tools are dealing more with liquidity than they are with supply demand they are probably going to have limited impact, so we are waiting for change in market sentiment in Europe as opposed to the U.S.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: One last housekeeping question, Linda the tax rate as you think out to next year, are you thinking it should be similar to 33% you are talking about for this year or more like the mid-31s, 31.5 or so that you have in the last couple of years?
Linda Huber: Craig, it’s a little bit too soon to start talking about the tax rate for next year. We would note though that the tax rate for this quarter moved up quite a bit. We had been at about 29.5% from last year and we were up to 33% for this quarter, which had to do with some discrete items and so on. So we are expecting a little bit of this continuing in the fourth quarter. But for next year we are going to have wait and see what everything looks like next year. We have got a kind of reset on where we are generating our income and what that means, so not going to venture as far as next year?
Ray McDaniel: And to the extent that we are seeing stronger economic conditions in the U.S. than we are in our international business it’s going to be tougher to get low tax rate. So we are – just a small cautionary note there.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we will move to our next question from Tim McHugh with William Blair & Company.
Tim McHugh - William Blair & Company: Yes. Thanks. Just want to ask on the financial institutions group, the strength you saw there I understood I guess where it was coming from, but is there anecdotal explanation I guess for why you saw that strength I guess something particular happening amongst that client group?
Ray McDaniel: Well, it was largely European and Asian financial institutions that are not frequent issuers accessing the markets there and taking advantage of market conditions. And they are since they are not frequent issuers more of those institutions would fit into our per issue pricing program than the frequent issuer. So we see more of an uptick when those per issue institutions are active and that’s what we saw in part in the third quarter. I would also just point out we saw strength in the U.S. insurance sector and that related in part to M&A activity and funding for that.
Tim McHugh - William Blair & Company: Okay. And then also somewhat earlier I guess you mentioned the U.S. more small customers are better than – more small deals better than big deals. I guess in a rough sense I guess what’s the range as you think about the fees might get from a typical I guess dollar of issuance between larger transactions versus more smaller transactions making up that mix?
Linda Huber: Tim we don’t like to go too much into pricing, I think we would say the 5-ish basis points we get on investment grade deals that service us very well and we think provides good value for the issuers as well. On larger deal particularly, deals as large as Verizon we wouldn’t apply that same basis point level to a deal of that size. So I wouldn’t make an overall judgment thereon on what the price yield would be on those, but 5-is basis points on per issue pricing would be about right.
Tim McHugh - William Blair & Company: Okay. And I guess lastly, it seems like you expect a decent size expense ramp in the fourth quarter and although it’s seasonally higher but is there anything in particular going on in terms of investment spending in Q4?
Linda Huber: Right. And I was hoping someone would ask that, so we could clarify this. We do still expect expenses to ramp $80 million to $90 million from the first quarter to the fourth quarter. And in the first quarter, we were mentioning we had $434 million. I also was looking last year in 2013 expenses also ramped up 13% fourth quarter versus the third quarter. So, the primary issue here which I don’t think everybody have thought about is going into fourth quarter, we are picking up the operating expenses for ICRA, which is majority ownership of the Indian rating entity and WebEquity, which we acquired in July. So, the two of those together and again this is the first full quarter when we will have those that’s $20 million that we are adding to expenses just right there. Consulting and IT will probably add little bit shy of $20 million. And if we come in according to where we think we will with our guidance, incentive compensation will be about $10 million. And typically, the T&E bills are a little bit higher as we get into the fourth quarter as everybody is trying to get the final implementations, particularly in the MA business completed. So, I think that explains the majority of it, but the analysts may not be thinking about the fact that we are picking up the ICRA expenses and the WebEquity expenses. And you are right we do have a seasonal ramp in the fourth quarter. We may do a bit better than that, but we don’t want to promise that, because we are not really sure and you have got to think about the incentive compensation piece of that as well.
Tim McHugh - William Blair & Company: And just relative to the added expense from ICRA and WebEquity, is $12 million or what’s the right idea I guess for the revenue being added in from ICRA? And then I mean you gave the WebEquity for partial quarter this quarter I guess, but….
Ray McDaniel: Yes. In terms of ICRA, where I don’t think we want to get to a specific number, because ICRA is a public company in India and we don’t want to be front-running any communications that ICRA has to be making. And so we are going to out of an abundance of caution, we are not going to disclose a fourth quarter expectation.
Tim McHugh - William Blair & Company: Is it the right way still you are accounting for that with a lag in the quarter, correct?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. We still have that quarterly lag, yes.
Tim McHugh - William Blair & Company: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: Thanks. Ray, do you sense that you guys are gaining perhaps a little bit of market share this year and there are any asset classes you would call out where you think you might be getting some share?
Ray McDaniel: We had pretty comprehensive coverage in the market. As you know, Peter, structured finance is always a source of variability in coverage and it so happens that areas where we are particularly strong have been active in structured finance. So, yes, I would say that our coverage – our relative coverage has probably improved compared to our competitors. And we have been active in rating CLOs and CMBS and we will do our best to make sure that we maintain both high coverage and high quality in the ratings.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: Alright. And Linda, FX presumably is going to be much more of a headwind in the fourth quarter, how should we think about that?
Linda Huber: It’s hard to think about FX going forward, Peter. We were concerned about it. And then the dollar/euro sort of returned to where it had been. It’s little tough to tell how that’s all going to pan out, but I don’t think it’s going to be a huge piece of input for us. One note Peter on the expense line that we heard some questions on earlier this morning, the interest expense, which you can see in the tables accompanying the earnings release, was $39 million in the third quarter. And the reason for that was $11 million of cost as we paid our 2015 private placement early – a year early. So, we had some cost associated with that. So, I just wanted to call that out so that the analysts and the investors can see it.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. Just one other comment on FX, Peter, a substantial part of our international billings, are in euros and a substantial part of our international expense is in pounds, where we have our largest operation outside the U.S. So to the extent that euros and pounds are moving in the same direction and we have bit of a natural hedge there. So if they do not move in the same direction that’s where FX could become more material to our results.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And we will move to our next question from Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo.
Bill Warmington - Wells Fargo: Good afternoon everyone. So Linda just to continue on the interest expense question if that – if you back out $11 million, it’s about $28 million in interest expenses, is that a good rate to use going forward for Q4?
Linda Huber: Yes. I think that’s probably a pretty good build. We did do the financing in July so you have to consider that we have increased the run rate on that to include that financing even though that was done at very attractive rates it does add a bit interest expense for you.
Bill Warmington - Wells Fargo: 30 your money, very attractive.
Linda Huber: 5.25.
Bill Warmington - Wells Fargo: Now, I am seeing the headline here 25 Eurozone banks said to fill stress test and so my question is with that are you seeing an acceleration in demand for stress testing in the U.S. and Europe?
Ray McDaniel: Well, I think the short answer is yes. Absolutely, but it’s I think we would also be cautious in saying that the stress tests that are being conducted are a principal driver of demand for our risk management services and our stress testing capabilities in particular. They play a role, but there is a broader increase in the attention to risk measurement and risk management that’s going on beyond just these point-in-time stress testing. Mark, I don’t know if there is anything you want to add to that?
Mark Almeida: No, I think that’s right. I think it – the results, the specific results of the stress test aren’t all that meaningful for us, it’s really the existence of the stress test in the way that stress testing is being integrated into regulatory supervision of banks in the U.S. and now we are seeing it in Europe is a good driver of demand for the kinds of things that we offer to banks.
Bill Warmington - Wells Fargo: Got it. Okay. Thank you very much.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks.
Operator: And we will move to our next question from Vincent Hung with Autonomous Research.
Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research: Hi, good afternoon. Maybe I missed this but could you provide any color on the ERS project pipeline?
Ray McDaniel: It remains good. It’s – we have – we are at the heart of work on a lot of projects with a lot of customers around the world. I think it’s very consistent with what we have been talking about and what we have talked about at Investor Day. We continue to think that ERS will be the fastest growing business in Moody’s Analytics.
Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research: Okay. And is there any commentary on how the regulator and compliance costs have trended this quarter?
Ray McDaniel: As we have communicated previously we think the incremental costs this year will be less than $5 million maybe up to $5 million. But that as you can tell it on the incremental component for the quarter would not be substantial.
Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research: Okay, great. And lastly it’s just more of a longer term question around high yield issuance, but clearly if I look at your revenues, they have grown in tandem with the mix shift in total debt issuance, so more high yield issuance and it keeps getting harder to argue that mix will continue to increase towards greater high yield issuance, because we are currently running at about 8% high yield issuance, the total debt issuance for the year-to-date and pre-crisis it was 3% and clearly some of that is going to be supported by the positive backdrop of low rates and disintermediation, but how should we think about how that trends going forward?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. There are both cyclical and structural features to the high yield – the growth in the high yield market. And when we talk about high yield broadly I would include both leverage loans and high yield bonds. But the – and so cyclically, yes low rates have caused a lot of opportunistic financing that’s already been largely accomplished. The good news is that once institutions are in the market with financings that increases the volume that will be refinanced in the future. And so that’s a very good news story. But structurally, the conditions and changes that are going on in the financial institution sector globally in terms of capital adequacy and stress testing and risk management and curtailment of certain business activities that are creating profit pressures, all of that is encouraging disintermediation and a lot of that is for non-investment grade parts of the market. Those are the institutions that historically would have been either largely or exclusively in banking relationships rather than in the bond markets and they are going to the bond markets now, certainly in the U.S., but also a big opportunity in Europe.
Linda Huber: And Vincent, we would also note and call your attention to what we have said earlier, this $100 billion backlog in M&A take-out financing, much of that is high yield. M&A activity generally tends toward being high-yield activity and that’s quite good for us. And we have again very nice conditions here with the equity markets at highs and financing costs relatively low and we were just looking at M&A activity if it’s very much, very much at a high point right now, which is very helpful to us. The other thing I would add is that this forecast, this guidance does incorporate the view though that activity in Europe is still weakish, not very strong. And that would be the place that Michel had commented on earlier, where we do see a little bit more concern about what’s happening there, but we do see good activity here in the U.S. We are trying to put those two things together in considering our guidance. The one other thing I would remind everyone regarding our guidance, the acquisitions we have done this year and WebEquity together on a GAAP basis are $0.05 dilutive to the GAAP earnings outlook for this year, so just something for everyone to keep in the back of their minds. I think there is some question as to why we didn’t do something more with guidance? Today, we would note it’s only been 24 business days since we had our Investor Day, so just trying to keep everything in balance here.
Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James: Hey, guys. We continue to hear complaints in the corporate bond market about the lack of secondary market liquidity. And so far, it does not seem like that has impacted the ability of companies to go to the market and issued debt. Could you foresee a scenario in the future though where that lack of secondary market liquidity does become an issue? And to the extent that it does, what sort of role can Moody’s play in maybe helping that liquidity better develop?
Linda Huber: Patrick, I don’t think that it causes any hesitation in companies coming to the market. What is interesting for companies that have well-aged bond deals and then bring new debt to the market, sometimes those new deals can trade tighter than the old deals, because there is more of these newer securities then in inventory. So, that’s a curious fact, but one that is happening quite a bit. The other thing we would note is this last Wednesday when the tenure traded down to 1.87, there was a view that a lot of that unusual decline was because capital markets suggest that various firms are not holding the same sorts of bond inventories that they did before to act as a shock absorber as rates move around. So, that would be another factor that we would call attention to. We don’t think though that, that has any impact on issuance at this point. Issuance even as recently as yesterday, Verizon brought a $6 billion deal yesterday and it went very nicely. So, I don’t think we see – we could see any impact on issuance, but I’d invite Ray and perhaps Michel to comment.
Ray McDaniel: No, that’s nothing to add to that, Linda. That was very complete. I don’t know Michel, if you have anything you would like to add, please do.
Michel Madelain: No, nothing from my side.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James: Alright, great. That’s all from me. Thank you.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: And there are no further questions in the queue at this time.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. Just want to thank everyone for joining us on the call today and we look forward to speaking with you again in the New Year. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes Moody’s third quarter 2014 earnings call. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 4 PM Eastern Time on Moody’s website. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-25 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Salli Schwartz - Global Head of IR Ray McDaniel - President and CEO Linda Huber - Chief Financial Officer Michel Madelain - President and COO of Moody’s Investor Service Mark Almeida - President of Moody’s Analytics 
Analysts:  Tim McHugh - William Blair & Company Joseph Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs William Bird - FBR Manav Patnaik - Barclays Peter Appert - Piper Jaffrey Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Doug Arthur - Evercore Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James Edward Atorino - Benchmark Bill Warmington - Wells Fargo  
Operator: Good day, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the Moody’s Corporation Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded, and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma’am.
Salli Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody’s second quarter results for 2014 and our outlook for full year 2014. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Moody’s released its results for the second quarter of 2014 this morning. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, President and Chief Executive Officer of Moody’s Corporation, will lead this morning’s conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody’s Corporation. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings press release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2013 and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission's website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel: Thank you, Salli. Good morning, and thank you everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's second quarter 2014 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. We have no legal and regulatory update to report therefore I will then conclude our comments with our outlook for 2014. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. Second quarter revenue of $874 million increased 16% over the second quarter of 2013, both Moody's Investor Service and Moody's Analytics delivered mid-teen percent revenue growth. Operating expenses for the second quarter were $462 million, a 14% increase from the second quarter of 2013. Operating income for the second quarter was $412 million, a 17% increase from the prior year period. Adjusted operating income defined as operating income less depreciation and amortization was $434 million, up 16% from the same period last year. Diluted earnings per share of $1.48 for the second quarter increased 48% from $1 in the second quarter of 2013 and included a $103 million non-cash pre-tax gain resulting from Moody’s acquisition of a controlling interest in ICRA Limited, a leading Indian credit rating agency. On June 26, 2014, Moody’s increased its stake ICRA from 28.5% to more than 50%. U.S. GAAP requires a re-measurement to fair value of non-controlling shares when a controlling interest is obtained. As a result of the transaction, Moody’s recorded a gain of $0.36 per share in the second quarter of 2014. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.12 which excludes the ICRA gain increased 12% from $1 in the prior year period. Turning to year-to-date performance, revenue for the first six months of 2014 was $1.6 billion, a 10% increase from the first six months of 2013. Revenue of Moody’s investor service was $1.1 billion for the first six months of 2014, an increase of 8% from a year ago. Moody’s analytics revenue for the first half of 2014 of $493 million was 15% higher than the prior year period. Operating expenses for the first six months of 2014 were $896 million, up 5% from 2013. Operating income of $745 million increased 18% from $631 million in 2013. Adjusted operating income was $790 million, a 17% increase from the prior year period. First half 2013 operating expenses, operating margin and adjusted operating margin all include a first quarter litigation settlement charge. Diluted earnings per share of $2.47 for the first six months of 2014 which included $0.36 related to the ICRA gain increased 35% from the prior year period which included a litigation settlement charge of $0.14. Excluding the 2014 ICRA gain and the 2013 litigation settlement charge, diluted earnings per share of $2.11 for the first six months of 2014 -- $2.11 for the first six months of 2013 grew 7% year-over-year. I will now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Linda Huber: Thanks Ray. I’ll begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody’s total revenue for the quarter increased 16% to $874 million. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted revenue by 2%. Second quarter U.S. revenue increased 13% to $461 million while revenue outside the U.S. grew 19% to $412 million and represented 47% of Moody’s total revenue for the quarter. Global recurring revenue grew 12% to $412 million and represented 47% of total revenue, down from 49% in the prior year period. Looking now at each of our businesses starting with Moody’s Investor Service. Total MIS revenue for the quarter was $622 million, up 16% from the prior year period. U.S. MIS revenue of $353 million increased 13% from the prior-year period. MIS revenue generated outside the U.S. of $269 million increased 20% and represented 43% of total ratings revenue. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted MIS revenue by 1%. Moving to the lines of business for MIS. First, global corporate finance revenue in the second quarter increased 22% from the year ago period to $321 million, primarily reflecting strong rated bank loan and speculative-grade bond issuance in both the U.S. and Europe. U.S. and non-U.S. corporate finance revenue was up 20% and 24%, respectively. Second, global structured finance revenue for the second quarter was $111 million, an increase of 14% from the prior-year period, primarily reflecting increased ratings of CLOs in the U.S. and Europe. U.S. and non-U.S. revenue increased 17% and 8% respectively against the prior year period. Third global financial institutions revenue of $92 million increased 9% from the second quarter of 2013 despite an increase in the issuance activity from U.S. banks, U.S. revenue declined 4% year-over-year due to a shift in issuance mix. Non-U.S. revenue increased 19% against the prior year period as a result of increased issuance from banks across all regions. Fourth, global public and infrastructure finance revenue increased 6% year-over-year to $98 million. U.S. revenue was down 2% primarily due to continued weakness in public finance issuance which was partially offset by increased in structure issuance. Non-U.S. revenue increased 21% from the prior year period reflecting increased infrastructure revenue across all regions as well as higher sovereign and sub-sovereign revenue in EMEA. And turning now to Moody’s Analytics, global revenue from Moody’s Analytics of $252 million was up 15% for the second quarter of 2013. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted EMEA revenue by 3%. U.S. revenue grew 14% year-over-year to $109 million. Non-U.S. revenue of $143 million increased by 16% from the prior year period, and represented 57% of total Moody’s Analytics revenue. More than 65% of revenue growth in the quarter was organic with the remainder coming from acquisition. Moving to the lines of business for MA, first, global research, data and analytics or RD&A. Revenue of $145 million increased 11% from the prior-year period driven by strong performance in credit research and content licensing. RD&A represented 57% of total MA revenue and our customer retention rate remained strong in the mid 90% range. RD&A’s U.S. U.S. revenue was up 9% and non-U.S. revenue was up 13% as compared to the second quarter of 2013. Second, global Enterprise Risk Solutions or ERS revenue of $67 million grew 12% against the prior year period, due to growth in subscription revenue and services revenue. ERS U.S. and non-U.S. revenue was up 13% and 11% respectively against the same period last year. As we’ve noted in the past, due to the variable nature of project timing and completion, ERS revenue remains subject to quarterly volatility. Trailing twelve months revenue and sales for ERS have increased 8% and 15% respectively. Finally, global professional services grew 41% to $40 million, primarily reflecting the December 2013 acquisition of Amba Investment Services. U.S. and non-U.S. revenue increased 67% and 33% respectively year-over-year. Turning now to expenses, Moody’s second quarter expenses increased 14% to $462 million, compared to the second quarter of 2013. This increase was primarily due to higher compensation and real-estate expense attributable to increased headcount, increased incentive compensation and acquisition related costs. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted operating expenses by 1% for the quarter. Moody’s reported operating margin for the quarter was 47.1%, up 70 basis points from 46.4% in the second quarter of 2013. Adjusted operating margin was 49.7% for the quarter, up 20 basis points from 49.5% for the same period last year. Moody’s effective tax rate for the quarter was 33.1% compared with 32.2% for the prior-year period. And now I’ll provide an update on capital allocation. During the second quarter of 2014, Moody’s repurchased 3.2 million shares at a total cost of $258 million or an average of $80.39 per share and issued 0.7 million shares under employee stock-based compensation plans. Outstanding shares as of June 30, 2014, were 211.2 million reflecting a 4% decline from a year earlier. As of June 30, 2014, Moody's had 1.3 billion of share repurchase authority remaining under its current program. At quarter end, Moody's had 2.1 billion of outstanding debt and 1 billion of additional debt capacity available under its revolving credit facility. Total cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments at quarter end of $2 billion, an increase of $308 million from a year earlier. As of June 30, 2014, approximately 69% of our cash holdings were maintained outside the U.S. Free cash flow for the first half of 2014 of $419 million increased $68 million or 19% from the same period a year ago. And finally on July 7, 2014, Moody's issued a total of $750 million of debt including $450 million of five year note with a coupon of 2.75% and 300 million of 30 year notes with a coupon of 5.25%. We intend to use the proceeds to redeem our senior unsecured notes during 2015, totaling $300 million as well as for general corporate purposes. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Ray.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I'll conclude this morning's prepared comments by discussing the changes to our full year guidance for 2014. Additional details on Moody's guidance are included in our second quarter 2014 earnings press release, which can be found on Moody's Investor Relations website at ir.moodys.com. Moody's outlook for 2014 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors including interest rates, corporate profitability, business investment spending, merger and acquisition activity, consumer borrowing and securitization and the amount of debt issued. There is an important degree of uncertainties surrounding these assumptions, and, if actual conditions differ, Moody's results for the year may differ materially from the current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end-of-quarter exchange rates. The company now expects full year 2014 revenue to grow in the low-double-digit percent range. Full year 2014 operating expenses are now projected to increase in the high-single-digit percentage range. These expenses now include costs related to our acquisitions of a majority stake in ICRA and of WebEquity, as well as additional incentive compensations. We now expect operating expenses to ramp between $80 million and $90 million from the first quarter to the fourth quarter of 2014. Full year 2014 non-GAAP EPS guidance is in the range of $3.90 to $4. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance now includes costs related to our acquisition of the majority stake in ICRA and of WebEquity and additional incentive compensation and financing costs associated with our July 2014 bond offering. Global MIS revenue for the full year 2014 is now expected to increase in the high single-digit percent range. Within the U.S. MIS revenue is now expected to increase in the mid single-digit percent range while non-U.S. revenue is expected to increase in the low-teens percent range. Corporate finance revenue is now projected to grow in the low double-digit percent range. Revenue from structured finance is now expected to grow approximately 10%, financial institutions revenue is now expected to grow in the low single-digit percent range. With regard to the Moody’s controlling stake in ICRA company will report ICRA’s operating results within Moody’s investor service on a three month lag beginning in the fourth quarter of 2014. ICRA is expected to contribute approximately $12 million of revenue to MIS in the fourth quarter. For Moody’s Analytics full year 2014 revenue is now expected to increase in the mid-teen percent range. Including the acquisition of WebEquity, revenue for enterprise risk solutions is now expected to grow in the mid-teens percent range. Professional services revenue, including Amba Investment Services, is now projected to grow approximately 40%. This concludes our prepared remarks and joining us for the question-and-answer session are Michel Madelain, President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody’s Investor Service; and Mark Almeida, President of Moody’s Analytics. We’ll be pleased to take any questions that you have.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). We'll take our first question from Tim McHugh with William Blair & Company.
Tim McHugh - William Blair & Company: Yes, thanks. I guess just wanted to ask a little bit more about I guess the higher expenses you expect for this year. How much of that can you help us break that down a little bit in terms of added incentive comp versus I guess any drag from upfront expenses related to ICRA and I guess how much dilution from WebEquity? I guess I'm trying to understand what how much that's offsetting what was better than expected performance this quarter and the impact on the full year guidance?
Linda Huber: Sure Tim, it's Linda. Let's first look at second quarter expense increase versus last year. And for the second quarter, our expenses were $57 million higher than last year up, 14%. And I'll give you the reasons for why that is. The largest component of that is compensation increases and that was fell $42 million. Compensation for new hires over the course of the year was about $15 million merit and stock based compensation for the staff we have was about $12 million and the expenses related to Amba acquisition we did last year were about $8 million. Non-comp was about $15 million and that included acquisition some other expenses of about $6.5 million and some occupancy changes of $4.1 million. As you may remember, we have leased additional -- two additional floors and a third coming on line in this building here. So that would be the reason for the higher expenses second quarter over second quarter. And as we move to the end of the year, we had said expenses were going to ramp about $55 million. We’re adding another 30ish to that, we said $80 million to $90 million expense ramp between the first quarter and the fourth quarter. The additions would be the cost of the acquisitions at about $20 million, we're thinking incentive comp to add about another $4 million, and expenses that we're spending in the second half rather than what we thought were going to come in the first half were about 6ish. So that adds about $30 million to the expense ramp in the second half. Now just to be really clear, under GAAP, deal costs are expensed as they are incurred regardless of when or whether deals close. So as we look at deals and when we incur deal expenses, we expense those and we’ve included those. And revenues come a little bit more slowly but that's U.S. GAAP. So we’re looking at three months lag on revenues for ICRA which as we disclosed in our table and the press release, will give us about $12 million in the fourth quarter of this year for ICRA. But also purchase accounting adds haircuts to revenue. So we are in the position of recognizing the expenses right away and the revenues a little bit later. Now on ICRA, we are taking a three months lag because if ICRA reports on Indian GAAP and we've also always reported ICRA's results on a three months lag. We have to convert those to U.S. GAAP and it takes a quarter to do that transition. And so we will see the ICRA revenues coming on in the fourth quarter. But again, we closed the deal on June 26th, so you see the expenses and the web equity deals closed on July 17th. So you can kind of think through what the acquisition costs mean there. So generally, we’re thinking it’s about 5ish cents for the deal activity and about $0.04 for the financing that we did. Your call is to whether you want to think about that those our GAAP expenses, so whether you want to think about those in the run rate or not. So, I hope that thoroughly answers everything that you’re interested in.
Tim McHugh - William Blair & Company: That’s great, that’s very helpful. I guess just one follow-up to make sure I understand it correctly. On ICRA, you’re talking about you read away or have to recognize the transaction or kind of upfront expenses, but do you have to recognize the operating expense from ICRA right away or is that tied to when you start recognizing the revenue and that’s delayed by three months as well?
Linda Huber: That’s delayed by three months as well, exactly.
Ray McDaniel: What we were recognizing immediately were the transaction related costs.
Tim McHugh - William Blair & Company: Okay. And then guys, just on ERS, I think trailing 12 months sales activity was up 9% last quarter and so up 15% this quarter, so pretty healthy step up. I don’t know if the comp got easier or I guess as you rolled forward a quarter or did you see a particular pick-up in sales activity that I should read into that?
Ray McDaniel: I’ll let Mark Almeida address that.
Mark Almeida: We had a very strong quarter on sales this past quarter. And we had a number of very good transactions and we had one very, very large transaction as well. So it wasn’t a question of an easy comp so much, it’s just very strong results in the quarter.
Ray McDaniel: And just as we normally comment, we expect to see quarterly volatility and that’s why as you have done, we encourage looking at the 12 month period.
Tim McHugh - William Blair & Company: Okay. And can you give any color on as a stress testing related type of work that you're winning with and I guess particularly you said there is one very large deal. I guess what would -- can you give us any more color on what type of project that is?
Ray McDaniel: Stress testing continues to be good for us and we're doing a lot of business there and we have a healthy pipeline. But just in the normal course business, we're having a lot of continued success. And the large transaction that we did really has nothing to do with stress testing, it's just a very big project that a particular customer is undertaking and they selected us to take the lead on that project.
Tim McHugh - William Blair & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Joseph Foresi with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Joseph Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott: Hi. With the change in the issuance business, has your expectations for the overall environment, particularly on the interest rate side changed at all? I know they’ve dipped down recently. Do you expect them to be lower to exit this year or how should we think about the relationship there?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. I know Linda has some detail on this, but just as an introductory comment. Yes, rates have been lower than we were anticipating earlier in the year. We think they are probably going to remain lower than we had expected through the second half. But that there are number of factors relating to that including the flight-to-quality in respect of some of the geopolitical tensions that we're seeing. So we're going to be paying close attention to what's happening, not just with benchmark rates but also spreads. And the good news is we continue to see low default rates and that's keeping spreads reasonably tight. Linda, I don't know if you wanted to add some commentary.
Linda Huber: Sure Joe, if you want to look at the U.S. issuance trends I will talk about investments grade bonds and then high yield bonds and average loans just very quickly. The second quarter obviously was very strong investment grade bond issuance and for the first half of the year in the U.S. again we are running about 600 billion of issuance which was up about 10% year-over-year. For the full year expecting 950 million or 1 billion of investment grade issuance in the U.S. which will be about flat so June was very busy July slows down because of earnings blackouts and we think the technical backdrop remains positive, M&A activity is picking up and running at a pace that we haven’t seen since 2007. And for corporate refinancing high coupon bonds remains very popular. So we expect that the pipeline will come back to strength in August and September.  For high yields bonds, we are running about 200 billion in the U.S. which is about flat year-over-year and expecting little bit less than that in the back half of the year maybe 150 billion full year to be about 330 billion which is flat year-over-year. A little bit about utility in June because the headlines, and we do see that as Ray said rates remain attractive the pipeline is about average at this point for high yield bolds. And in leverage loans about 270 billion for the first half of the year down 5%. For the full year expecting about 425 billion which is also down 5% year-over-year. Calendar is very active there and majority of that activity is related to M&A issuance and we have seen for the first time from outflows from loans funds but that’s offset by very heavy issuance of collateralized loan obligations, and issuance for the first half there has been $67 billion compared to $46 billion for the same time last year. And the pipeline continues to be as I said above average due to that LBO and M&A activity in leverage loan. So, bit of a mixed bag and the traditional sort of July earnings black out lag here, but rates remain pretty attractive and as Ray said default levels are low.
Joseph Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott: Got it, very helpful. And then just you went through a very slow and also helpful discussion of cost and expenses and how they are looking for the going forward. But are ICRA and WebEquity diluted margins in the short-term and do you expect to have them step up corporate average if that is so? I mean, I understand that the expenses versus the revenues are a little bit mix in those businesses, but I'm trying to get a feel of what exactly dilution is from them if any? And then how long you would take to get that can be average?
Linda Huber: The EPS impact for this year, yes equity is a little bit dilutive. You might recall that about $0.03 and WebEquity about $0.02 and again you might want to think about how you want to factor that in.
Joseph Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. And just so, am I making the assumption that we're going to get them up to corporate average over a extended period of time?
Ray McDaniel: From a margin perspective, first of all WebEquity is a small business. It's a business we think is a nice fit, but it is small and it will not be margin dilutive to Moody's Analytics. ICRA while it is an attractive business does not have the same margin that Moody's Investor Service does. So there will be a modest drag from ICRA, but again it is a nicely profitable business.
Joseph Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott: Got it. Okay. Last question from me, obviously some news out regarding the regulatory environment for your new competitors, any update you can give on that or any thoughts that you think are appropriate. Thank you.
Ray McDaniel:  Not much to say all we know is what has been discussed in the public markets. So really nothing to add to what you would have already read.
Joseph Foresi - Janney Montgomery Scott: Thanks.
Operator:  We'll go next to Andre Benjamin with Goldman Sachs.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs:  Thank you good morning. Two quick questions, first how much of the second quarter reported revenue growth in corporate finance was driven by more of the volume growth and high yield in investment grades which we can observe versus other things that are a little bit harder for us to see publicly like pricing or new customers or additional revenue from other stuff like monitoring?
Ray McDaniel:  Yes. I mean obviously volumes were strong in the second quarter. But we also did have a pickup in other non-issuance related components of revenue that includes price. It includes monitoring fees which relate to relationships that we have grown new rating relationships that we have grown in the prior year and earlier in this year. And the pipeline of new rating relationships has remained strong both in the U.S. and in Europe this year. So it's a multi fast did growth story for the corporate sector.
Linda Huber:  Andre, it's Linda. The specifics on the corporate finance area investment grade revenue was $63 million, which is 20% of the whole line and that was up 5% from last year. Third grade bonds $77 million with 244% of the total corporate line. That was up 36% from last year's 57 million. Bank loans about $76 million from last year's $53 million represents about 24% of the total line and that’s up 43% from last year. And other accounts about $105 million up from $93 million last year, that’s 33% of the total line and up 13% from last year. What we see here is a pretty wide hot speculative grade market and as we go into the second half we’ve tone that down a touch because this is really remarkable speculative grade issuance. And we expect that favorable conditions will continue, but we will take to this degree and this strong, we have to think about that a little bit for the back half of the year. And I don’t know if Ray or Michel would like to comment further on that.
Ray McDaniel: No, the only comment I would add is just reinforcing Linda’s remarks. We don’t see anything on the horizon that looks like it’s going to have a chilling effective on the market but the likelihood that it’s going to remain at the pace we saw in the second quarter in spec rate. We don’t think that’s the central case. Michel if you have anything to add please do?
Michel Madelain: No nothing to add Ray.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. Thank you.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. And a quick follow-up a little bit longer-term. We have run some numbers on some of representative U.S. companies and see that leverage ratios as measured by net debt to EBITDA kind of at the lowest level in about 15 years. I guess as you talked to CEO customers do you feel like we will likely remain and more of a structurally lower then for leverage going forward or could we potentially be at something like a cyclical trough where all the risk erosion and political issues could go away and as the economy improves we can actually see people meaningfully adding leverage again?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. I mean certainly I think what we’re seeing from a geopolitical standpoint REITs caution. But beyond that, looking longer term and assuming that is resolved in some non-catastrophic way. Look, we look primarily I think to economic momentum around the world and the business confidence associated with the strong economic momentum and what that does for borrowing for M&A and capital expenditure as oppose to the refinancing that we've been seeing. So that's if there is a re-leveraging, I think it's going to come off of greater global business confidence.
Linda Huber: Yes, Andre, it's Linda. We saw pretty strong durable good number this morning, which is encouraging. The CapEx picture has been mix though, it has strengthened a bit, but it's very sector specific. So we probably peaked in terms of CapEx additions for the natural resources industry that commodity prices have come up. But for other industries there sort of looking to increase their CapEx spending. So overall it's moved a bit, but perhaps not as robustly as it could and we'll see it's a historical goods order number lease that up which would be helpful for us.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to William Bird with FBR.
William Bird - FBR: Good morning. I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about Europe, what kind of trends are you seeing? How is the pace of dissent remediation going? And then secondly could you talk about just your plans for deploying the access 450 million that you raised in July? Thank you.
Ray McDaniel: Right. Michel would you like to comment on what you're seeing in Europe.
Michel Madelain: Yes. Well, I think we continue to see the trends we describe in prior quarters. Dissent remediation continue to run through, we see new issues coming to market, we see high level of activity across the board, basically and specially around high yield basically and also bank loans which is really the speculative way segment of the marketplace. So nothing is putting that in question, as you know that ECB is launching a program of targeted LTRO program which will provide liquidity to banks that are lending to the market place. So that will provide some more lending capacity of the part of the banks, but we don’t expect that to really derail that momentum.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks Michel.
Linda Huber:  And Bill it’s Linda. You are right we did a $750 million bond deals while back and $300 million of that we are looking to redeem a private placement 10 year piece of paper that comes due in 2015 with a 4.98 coupon on that. So once we do that the rest the remaining 450 will be used for general corporate purposes, the usual stuffs working capital, CapEx, acquisitions repayment of other debt and share repo. Interestingly on the deal that we did we had a 5 year piece and a 30 piece, we were trying to access markets and investor that we hadn’t been able to achieve before. The deal was massively oversubscribed. And we were able to tighten the pricing. We were very, very pleased about that and pleased that we were able to access the debt markets at rates which has been very attractive for us. So we are just doing some management here in terms of how we are handing and in fact as compared to one of our competitors maybe even a 100 basis points tighter. So we are pleased with how all that’s going.
William Bird - FBR: And Linda could you give us the actual number on the incentive comp accrual in the quarter?
Linda Huber:  Yes, hang on just one second Bill, while we find that. So, incentive compensation for the second quarter was $44 million up from $34 million last year, so about $10 million increase. Stock-based compensation moved up as well, $20 million versus $16 last year or $4 million heavier. And salaries and benefits were $238 million versus $210 million last year, which is $28 million heavier or 13% higher. So, that's the incentive compensation view. And we’ve been asked a lot about that incentive compensation. The main driver of incentive compensation is really operating income. Keep in mind, operating income was up 17%. So if we are able to put up good operating income, we do increase our incentive compensation pool. Note that we do not get paid incentive compensation on that ICRA gain, that is not included, we have to have real results in order for us to have the incentive compensation pool move up. So, for the rest of the year, because we probably get that question, we had asked people to look at maybe $35 million a quarter for incentive compensation. And it's probably better if you pump that up to more like $40 million per quarter for the rest of the year. Does that help?
William Bird - FBR: Great. Thank you. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We’ll go next to Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays: Yes, hi. Just one clarification on all the cost detail that you gave out. So the $0.05 impact from the deal cost and then the $0.04 from the financing, that was just for the second quarter and then for the remainder of the year, call it another $0.06 from the acquisition cost. Did I get that right?
Ray McDaniel: The $0.05 and the $0.04 are built into our full year outlook of $3.90 to $4.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays: Okay, fine. That's great. And then Linda, like you talked about different components in corporate finance, just in structured finance, can you just talk about the CLO market, I guess seems like what's driving most of the growth and how that breaks out in just some commentary there?
Linda Huber:  Yes sure. I’ll go ahead and do the other two sectors after that as well because we usually get asked. So let's start with structured. So structured for the quarter is $110 million; asset backed securities about $244 million, it was actually down a little bit from last year's second quarter, about $25.5 million and after tax are about 22% of structured line. RMBS about $20 million, up from last year's about $19 million and about 18% of the line. Commercial real-estate is at $30 million, about flat to last year’s $30 million as well and that's 27% of the structured line. And structured credit, you are right about this Manav is $37 million that's 34% of the structured line; it's up from $22 million last year or about a 70% increase. So structured credit CLOs have been very helpful to us on the structured finance line. Would you let me just go ahead and go through FIG and…
Manav Patnaik - Barclays: Yes sure.
Linda Huber:  Okay. So FIG was $92 million for the quarter and that was up from $84 million last year. So banking is about $64 million, up from 57 last year, it’s about 11% increase and banking close to 70% of the FIG line. Insurance $24 million, up from $23 million last year, pretty flat it's about 26% of the whole FIG line and managing investments about $4 million, pretty flattish from last year and that's only 5% of the big line. PPIF, we did $98 million in the second quarter and public finance and sovereigns about $40 million, that’s actually down from last year’s $43.5 million. And PFG and sovereigns represents 41% of the PPIF line. Structured munis, $4.3 million, exactly flat to last year and that’s 4% of the line. And project and infrastructure add about $54 million, up from last year’s $45 million, it’s a 20% increase and that represents 55% of the PPIF line. So, you can see we had good growth particularly as we mentioned in the script in the project and infrastructure line. The structured credit CLO line, banks a little bit weaker than perhaps because of the nature of the issuance, the big banks issuing and then we’ve talked about the very strong results in the spec grade lines in corporate.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays: Okay, thanks a lot. And then just one more on the cash balance, the percentage held offshore ticked up nicely at least from what I had for the full year ‘13, clearly you guys are raising some debt in the U.S. and so forth. But just any thoughts around how you’re going manage that international cash?
Linda Huber: Sure. Your observation is right. For the second quarter, we had about $600 million of cash in the U.S. at the end of the second quarter, which keep in mind was before we did the bond deal. And internationally we had about a $1.4 billion, $1.368 billion of international cash, that’s 70%. So we did the U.S. bond deal of course to help our U.S. cash position. And we’ve run a little bit heavier in terms of cash being generated by the international part of the business. So, how will we manage it? We manage it to support international acquisition opportunity. And we are happy with the balance that we have, given that our business is about 50% outside the U.S. So we are fine with the balance that we have and we have plenty of U.S. cash to support our dividends and our share buybacks and liquidity needs that we have in U.S. as well.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Linda Huber: Sure.
Operator: We'll go next to Peter Appert with Piper Jaffrey.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffrey: Thanks. So Linda, just staying on structured finance for a sec. I think this is the best quarter you guys have done for revenue perspective since the financial crisis. I’m wondering if you guys read anything into this in terms of beyond CLOs or we have an inflection point in terms of life in the structured finance market.
Ray McDaniel: Peter, it's Ray, I'll start. We obviously were very pleased with structured for the quarter. It is really being driven by the CLO market both in the U.S. and in Europe. We’ve seen growth in some other areas, but that really is the dominant driver of growth in CLO and structured at this point. The commercial real-estate sector has been pretty good, but we still are not seeing a lot of activity in RMBS and covered bonds in Europe, student loans, some of the areas that we saw pre-financial crisis are still not showing much of a pulse. So I think that’s going to moderate the rate of growth in structured finance although I think we are going to continue to see growth in that area. But I would not anticipate any kind of explosive growth coming out of structured at this point.
Linda Huber: Peter, as I noted RMBS is actually been down year-over-year and I think it was noted in this morning’s economic results but new housing sales were down. So we continue to see perhaps a weaker housing market than might we hope for. Around the world though we do have governments starting to talk about the need to get the securitization market for housing, for residential mortgaged backed securities functioning again and that is something that is those conversations have also taken place in Europe and perhaps Michel might want to comment a little bit on covered bonds which we also include in this line and RMBS potential in Europe as well. Michel, did you want to say a few words?
Michel Madelain:  You are right I think there is a lot of discussion in Europe about restarting the securitization market trading the right condition to do the ECB, the Bank of England and number of governments and policy makers are functioning on that. The reality is that as Ray said, it remains a very anemic market at the moment covered bond also is facing the challenge of the federal banks have very ample source of funding and actually ECB is adding to that. So I think the politically and there is a lot of discussion around that but the dynamics of the markets remains behind what we have seen in the past and the CLO is similar to the U.S. has been really the major driver of the improvement together with better activity in RMBS actually in Europe.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffrey: Okay, that’s helpful.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks Michel.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffrey: And Linda can you remind me the relative profitability of the different asset classes for you guys I think the impression in the market is that high yield issuance is generally going to be more profitable for you probably structured financed as well. So, I'm wondering if some of your conservatism and with regard to the second half guidance like the function of just this mix issue and an expectation of weaker trends and high yield.
Linda Huber: Peter, we price a little bit higher for speculative grade ratings and that's because that is a tremendous amount of credit work required in bringing those ratings to the market. So, whether it's more profitable is a different question and we try to run profitability pretty similarly across all of our business months. So, I'm not sure, it's much more profitable. Structured finance is not more profitable, that's bit of an urban myth, we've had it in place for many years here at Moody's. So I think the issue in the back half of the year and I'll let Ray comment on this, it's just really what we are thinking about regarding speculative grade activity. And as we said, we've taken guidance up, but on the spec rate front, we had a white hot second quarter and we're cautious, as we're usually cautious about whether that pace can continue. And I'll let Ray correct….
Ray McDaniel: No, the only thing I would add is which I think you already know Peter. Our structured business and the spec rate business are more transaction based business as opposed to recurring revenue businesses. So we are, we do enjoy the benefit of high volume periods, but there is a bit more volatility when issuance activity slows. We see much less of that in investment grade, in financial institutions, but it is the characteristic of the spec rate and structured market.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffrey: That's helpful. Thanks very much.
Operator:  We'll go to next to Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners:  Yes hi there guys. Few questions I guess first, your total headcount of your company what is it today and what percent of that's up from a year ago?
Linda Huber:  Sure, the answer excluding the acquisition Craig is that headcount is up 10% year-over-year and if you include the acquisitions, I think we've got in the press release where we're running approximately 9,500 people now. Most of our acquisitions have been in the revenue generating businesses and we're being very careful in the share of services part of the business to ensure that we have our more routine functions in lower cost jurisdictions. So headcount is up to about 9,500 with everything considered without the acquisitions we had about a 10% increase.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners:  And secondly, you gave a lot of detail on cost, but I am just curious back in the second quarter were there any one time costs you can quantify for us during the quarter, any deal related transaction costs could you may be quantify to stuff like that?
Linda Huber:  Craig, we don't really want to get into that. I think we had talked about looking forward there is sort of $0.05 there from acquisitions and deal cost and $0.04 from the financing costs. We don't want to tell the analysts what to think if you want to think about that as the part of the run-rate please do that, but we're very cautious to make sure that we give the GAAP numbers and give those first so that those are well understood. So I don't think we want to get into particular sense associated with various deals.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners:  Was there anything else Linda that you want to highlight other than this $0.05 and $0.04 that made you keep your full year EPS guidance the same?
Linda Huber:  I think that’s most of it Craig. We will see where we get to or the next time I’ll be speaking you markets at Investor Day September 30th and we’ll take another look at that time, but from a GAAP perspective we do have include these costs. So again, the analysts can choose a different path if that’s what they prefer to do. Ray, I don’t know if you have any color you want to add.
Ray McDaniel: No.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Sorry, a couple more if I could, the WebEquity revenue, so can you just quantify that for us for modeling purposes sort of small?
Linda Huber: Right. I’ll turn it over to Mark, I am not sure we’d disclosed that.
Mark Almeida: Yes. We haven’t really talked about WebEquity in any detail because that wasn’t a second quarter event, just closed last week.
Ray McDaniel: And it is -- as I said before we like the company quite a bit, we like its fit in Moody’s analytics and the position it gives us with the smaller U.S. banks which has not been an area that we have been as involved as historically. So their loan origination solutions for smaller bank is a very nice fit we think strategically, but again it’s a small company. So, the materiality of the revenue is not there.
Linda Huber: Craig one other thing that we should note on the run rate to the extent that we said expenses the estimated tax rate is 33% and in the first half of the year we ran a little bit lower. So by math it’s going to potentially run a little bit higher in the back half of the year. So, in the first half of the year we had a resolution of some international tax matters and in the second half we are expecting somewhat higher rate absence any other of these individual resolved matters. So we do expect for the tax rate to average 33% for the year. But again it would run a little lower in the first half so that means by the map we would have to run then higher in the back half. So make sure that you factor that in as well.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Also would ask you professional services. What was the revenue growth there excluding the Amba transaction?
Ray McDaniel: It was almost entirely from the acquisition.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Okay. I guess my last question if I could sneak this in. Your main competitor S&P always has been in the news a lot here last 48 hour with their wells notice. I'm just curious Ray or Linda or the ones who answer this, how often does a company like yours have to make significant methodology or criteria changes to tier ratings methodology, that’s something that it seems we focus and with that S&P right now I'm just curious if you just talk a little about that how often you’ve to make it the material way?
Ray McDaniel: I don't think there is a -- I mean we review our methodologies annually. But there is not a schedule for changing methodologies. And frankly that is really dependent on the ratings performance, how well our ratings accuracy is being measured and external events. If there are changes in regulation, in some industry structure that dictates or review the methodology we obviously will do that. But I don't even know what the pace of change in methodologies has been historically other than we review them regularly.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Just curious you suggest is it’s pretty rare do you have change the criteria methodologies?
Ray McDaniel: No, I mean, we've changed methodologies in some sectors this year and we did so last year as well. And minor changes are more common than material changes, but as I said really we are not trying to set a pace for change so much as making sure that we are responsive to what’s happening in the market and what we think is the ongoing quality of the methodologies that we are using.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Great, thank you.
Operator:  We will go next to Doug Arthur with Evercore.
Doug Arthur - Evercore:  Yes great. Just one question, clarification Ray. On the $12 million that your second to recognize from ICRA in the fourth quarter, is that in the revised MIS guidance or is that extraneous to that?
Ray McDaniel:  That is in the revised MIS guidance.
Doug Arthur - Evercore:  Okay, great thank you.
Operator:  We will go next to Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James:  Hey good morning. So my first question is where do you think we are in terms of M&A being a meaningful contributor to bond issuance? And I asked because although we have seen M&A pickup, the commentary from a lot of the advisory shops is we are seeing announcements right now, but a lot of deal closings are late this year, they are going to be 2015 events. And so do you think there is still a lot more room to go in terms of bond issuance related to M&A?
Ray McDaniel:  Yes I think there is potentially. And I take your point that the announcements predate debt financing and so we are pretty optimistic about what we anticipate on the M&A front and obviously we will keep our eye on that. Linda I don’t know if you have anything else you wanted to add to that.
Linda Huber:  Yes. That’s one of the factors Patrick that encourages us about the back half of the year and also next year as well. If you look in our investor deck there is a chart in there that co-relates M&A issuance to bond issuance which might help you out. And as we said, M&A deals have been running at the fastest pace for the first half since 2007, it's been quite a strong surge. And obviously companies are aware of low interest rate and also record high equity prices. So that creates a really terrific deal environment. And we've been talking about this now for quite a while, but we are finally seeing it which is terrific. But the point that you make that some of this financing will spill over into 2015 is correct. And that will be helpful to us next year as well.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James: And then if you can remind me, where does M&A financing typically fall? I would imagine a lot of the sponsored financing is going to be high yield. But the corporate M&A, is that mostly investment grade or is it a mix, where is that historically fallen?
Linda Huber: You are correct that most sponsored deals are generally high yield deals and they can either fall in bank bond deals or loan deals. Private equity firms can even kind of run it up to the day, the financing, the size what the balance is going to be between those two. And for big corporate, those probably would tend toward investment grade issuance. You are right about that, particularly the strategic as they are acquiring, that would generally be investment grade financing. I don’t know if Ray wants to add anything.
Ray McDaniel: No, I was just going to say, the financials would tend towards the spec grade and the strategics would tend towards the investment grade.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James: Alright, that's helpful. Thank you. And then lastly from me, how is the tone of your interactions with the SEC been recently, if you can provide any commentary there? And I asked because the SEC's [important] Director has made public comments about they might be more active with their oversight of rating agencies. And just want to know, is anything that you said has been reflected in some of the tone of your interactions with the SEC.
Ray McDaniel: We, as you would imagine, we have frequent contact with the SEC staff through their inspection and review procedures, the office of credit rating agencies. I would characterize those interactions as being constructive. There are things that the SEC expects us to do from a process standpoint, from a reporting standpoint and we do everything we can to meet those expectations. But I would not characterize the relationship as half stone in anyway, I think it is constructive.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James: Alright, great, thank you.
Operator:  We'll go next to Edward Atorino with Benchmark.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark: Could you review the numbers you gave on the bank loan ratings? That's a category that sort of exploded in recent years and what's now pretty good chunk of business. Can you give me on the percent basis something like that year-to-year growth, margins on the business?
Linda Huber:  Sure Ed, I'll give you the growth, we’re less interested in talking about margins. But last year bank loans were $53 million of revenue for us and this year it's close to $76 million. So it’s an increase of almost $23 million or 43%. So you are right that line is a healthy contributor to our corporate finance business. And as Ray said, a lot of that is driven by merger and acquisition activities. And we also note that because investors like floating rate paper right now given their concerns about potential interest rate increases, bank loans are really where the action is primarily in the U.S. but also to some degree in Europe. So you are right. Those are the high points.
Ray McDaniel:  Yes. That Ed…
Edward Atorino - Benchmark: I think banks big enough to do.
Ray McDaniel:  I would just underscore the comment that we are seeing strong activity in Europe in the bank loan area. That is a line that in years past I would not have highlighted because it wasn’t large enough to be more exciting but it has come on very strongly and is a nice part of the corporate business now.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark: Is it totally separate or is it sort of displacing traditional issuance if you know what I mean?
Ray McDaniel: I think it’s really part of the disintermediation story…
Edward Atorino – Benchmark:  Got you, yes.
Ray McDaniel:  The rating on the bank loans makes it easier to syndicate and transfer those loans. And so yes there is a trade-off between rated bank loans and bonds, particularly spec rate bonds. And as Linda said, depending on appetites for fixed rate versus floating rate paper and the decisions about whether to enter the bond market or remain in a banking relationship by a corporate, drives that mix over time.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark: You may have given this, are they priced about the same as bonds or premium or discount in terms of your rate that you charge?
Linda Huber: Speculative grades area is priced a little bit higher, Ed…
Edward Atorino - Benchmark: So they went to speculative grade area, yes got you.
Ray McDaniel: For the most part, yes.
Linda Huber: Yes.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark: Thanks very much.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo.
Bill Warmington - Wells Fargo: Good afternoon everyone. So, a question for you. Now that your operating margins have reached the mid 40s, I think you’ve made some comments in the past about trade-off between investing that incremental profit going forward into revenue growth versus margin expansion, if you could share your thoughts with us on that.
Linda Huber: Sure. I’ll take a crack, it’s Linda, then Ray to take a shot at it as well. We are executing on margin expansion here at Moody's and as I read in the prepared remarks the operating margin for the first quarter was 47.1% that was up 70 basis points from last year's quarter 46.4%. So again, this is not a marketing campaign and not promises, we are expanding our margin and 70 basis points so I would committed pretty healthy year-over-year. We have said that over the mid to longer term we were looking to the end of low to mid-40s and we continue to be happy with that view, we do want to invest back in our businesses, as you can see our businesses are performing really well, we're very please with the growth rates were putting up. And our shareholders are 80% growth and they've told that they want top-line growth above everything else, but we are able to have margin expansion as well. But I think we feel pretty happy about this balance and our shareholders do as well from what we can see and Ray may have some other thoughts.
Ray McDaniel: No, just obviously it's going to be influenced by mix the pace of growth with Moody's Analytics versus Moody's Investor Service. And the pace of growth inside the U.S. versus outside the U.S., particularly whether it's in develop markets or emerging markets. But where we see opportunity for top-line, we're going to go after that and we're still going to be prudent in managing the margin, but we want the top-line growth.
Linda Huber: Yes. We'll talk a little bit more about this when we get to Investor Day quite frankly we haven't started our process yet to think about what if anything we might to say or change at Investor Day, but potentially we can talk about that. But we would note we're running this business very efficiently and we are very pleased with the progress we have been able to make on our margin line. So I think that pretty much covers it.
Bill Warmington - Wells Fargo: So a question for you on Copal on the knowledge process outsourcing side can you just comment on what you are seeing for the pace of outsourcing at the U.S. banks so that you are seeing that increase, decrease, stay the same?
Linda Huber:  Copal Amba has very nice margins and Moody’s like growth rate is what we have said in the past. We feel that we are in the right place at the right time having very high end knowledge process outsourcing capabilities. And I think it would be fair to say there is very active dialog going on with all of just about all of the U.S. banks who are looking to cut cost. You can see those stories everyday in the press and also looking to increase their return on equity. So it is a terrific business for us to have but particularly at this point of the cycle I don’t see if Ray or Mark want to say anything else.
Mark Almeida:  I think that about does it from my perspective.
Bill Warmington - Wells Fargo: Thank you very much, appreciate it.
Linda Huber:  Sure.
Operator:  And that will conclude our question-and-answer session I would like to turn the conference back over to Ray McDaniel for any closing or additional remarks.
Ray McDaniel:  Okay, just quickly before we end the call, I want to announce that we will host our annual investor day on Tuesday, September 30th here in New York. Attendance is by invitation only and the event will be webcast. Further details will be provided on our Investor Relations website ir.moodys.com as get closer to the event.  So thank you for join the call today and we look forward to speaking to you again at investor day and then in October.
Operator: This concludes Moody's second quarter earnings call. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 4 pm Eastern time on Moody’s website. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-25 11:30:00) =====
Executives:  Salli Schwartz – Global Head, IR Ray McDaniel – President and CEO Linda Huber – EVP and CFO Mark Almeida – President, Moody’s Analytics Michel Madelain – President and COO, Moody’s Investors Services
Analysts:  Manav Patnaik – Barclays Andre Benjamin – Goldman Sachs Bill Warmington – Wells Fargo Peter Appert – Piper Jaffrey Flavio Campos – Credit Suisse William Bird – FBR Capital Markets Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery Scott Doug Arthur – Evercore Partners 
Operator: Good day, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the Moody’s Corporation First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded, and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for question and answers following the presentation. I’ll now like to turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Salli Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody’s first quarter results and our outlook for full year 2014. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Moody’s released its results for the first quarter of 2014 this morning. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, President and Chief Executive Officer of Moody’s Corporation, will lead this morning’s conference call. Also making prepared remarks on this morning’s call is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody’s Corporation. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today’s remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management’s Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2013 and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I’ll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks Salli. Good morning, and thank you everyone for joining us on today’s call. I’ll begin by summarizing Moody’s first quarter 2014 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. I will then conclude with remarks about our outlook for 2014. And after our prepared remarks, we’ll be happy to respond to your questions. First quarter revenue of $767 million increased 5% from the first quarter of 2013 and reflected continued strength in Moody’s Analytics, as well as modest growth in Moody’s Investor Service, despite variable market conditions and challenging year-on-year comparisons. Operating expenses for the first quarter were $434 million, a 4% decline from the first quarter of 2013. Operating income for the first quarter was $333 million, a 19% increase from period year period. Adjusted operating income, defined as operating income less depreciation and amortization, was $356 million, up 17% from the same period last year. Diluted earnings per share of $1 for the first quarter increased 20% from $0.83 in the first quarter of 2013, and on a non-GAAP basis excluding litigation settlement charge in 2013, increased 3% from $0.97 in the prior year period. We are reaffirming our full year 2014 guidance of high-single-digit percent revenue growth and EPS in the range of $3.90 to $4. I’ll now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Linda Huber: Thanks Ray. I’ll begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody’s total revenue for the quarter increased 5% to $767 million. The impact of foreign currency translation for the quarter was negligible. First quarter U.S. revenue increase 4% to $426 million. Our revenue outside the U.S. grew 6% to $342 million and represented 45% of Moody’s total revenue for the quarter. Recurring revenue grew 12% to $397 million and represented 52% of total revenue, up from 49% in the prior year period. Looking now at each of our businesses, starting with Moody’s Investor Service. Total MIS revenue for the quarter was $526 million, up 1% from the prior-year period. U.S. MIS revenue of $316 million increased 1% from the prior-year period. MIS revenue generated outside the U.S. of $210 million also increased 1% and represented 40% of total ratings revenue. The impact of foreign currency translation on the MIS revenue was negligible. Moving to the lines of business for MIS. First, global corporate finance revenue in the first quarter increased 2% from the year ago period to $264 million, and reflected increased U.S. investment grade bond issuance, as well as higher revenue from rated U.S. and European bank loans. We also saw increased monitoring revenue across all regions as a result of more companies becoming rated to access the global bond markets. These gains were partially offset by a contraction in global speculative bond issuance. In the U.S. year-over-year revenue was up 5% while non-U.S. revenue declined 3%. Second, global structured finance revenue for the first quarter was $95 million, an increase of 2% from the prior-year period. In the U.S., revenue increased 5% year-over-year, primarily due to commercial real estate ratings. International structured finance revenue was down 3% against the prior-year period, with gains in certain asset classes in Europe more than offset by weakness in Asia. Third, global financial institutions revenue of $85 million decreased 1% from the same quarter in 2013. U.S. revenue declined 3% while non-U.S. revenue was flat to the first quarter of 2013. Fourth, global public, project and infrastructure finance revenue declined 3% year-over-year to $81 million. U.S. revenue was down 14%, primarily due to weakness in public finance. Non-U.S. revenue increased 19% from the prior-year period, reflecting increased infrastructure and sovereign rating revenue across all international regions. Turning now to Moody’s Analytics. Global revenue for Moody’s Analytics of $241 million was up 15% from the first quarter of 2013. The impact of foreign currency translation on MA revenue was negligible. U.S. revenue grew by 14% year-over-year to $110 million. Non-U.S. revenue of $132 million increased 15% in the prior-year period and represented 54% of total Moody’s Analytics revenue. Excluding the December 2013 acquisition of Amba Investment Services, revenue increased 10% year-over-year. Moving to the lines of business for MA. First, global research, data and analytics or RD&A. Revenue of $141 million increased 9% from the prior-year period and represented 58% of total MA revenue. RD&A’s customer retention rate remained in the mid 90% range and we continued to see performance in credit research sales and content licensing. RD&A’s U.S. revenue was up 7%, and non-U.S. revenue was up 11% as compared to the first quarter of 2013. Second, global enterprise risk solutions or ERS. Revenue of $50 million grew 13% against the prior year period, due to growth in subscription revenue and software maintenance fees. U.S. and non-U.S. revenue increased 14% and 12% respectively against the same period last year. As we’ve noted in the past, due to the variable nature of project timing and completion, ERS revenue remains subject to quarterly volatility. Trailing 12-month sales and revenue for ERS have increased 9% and 11% respectively. Lastly, global professional services revenue grew 45% to $41 million, primarily reflecting the December 2013 acquisition of Amba Investment Services and continued growth in revenue from Copal Partners. U.S. and non-U.S. revenues increased 70% and 35% respectively year-over-year. Excluding Amba Investment Services, professional services revenue increased 7% from the first quarter of 2013. Turning now to expenses. Moody’s first quarter expenses declined 4% to $434 million, compared to the first quarter of 2013, primarily due to lower legal expenses, partially offset by increased compensation expenses for additional headcount. The impact of foreign currency translation on operating expenses was negligible for the quarter. Moody’s reported operating margin for the quarter was 43.4%, up 510 basis points from 38.3% in the first quarter of 2013. Adjusted operating margin was 46.4% for the quarter, up 490 basis points from 41.5% for the same period last year. Moody’s effective tax rate for the quarter was 28.9% compared with 28.5% for the prior-year period. The first quarter 2014 tax rate included a benefit from the resolution of a foreign tax audit, while the first quarter 2013 tax rate included benefits from the litigation settlement charge and the retroactive extension of certain U.S. tax benefits. Now, I’ll provide an update on capital allocation. During the first quarter of 2014, Moody’s repurchased 2.5 million shares at a total cost of $202 million or an average of $79.21 per share, and issued 2.9 million shares under our annual employee stock-based compensation plans. Outstanding shares as of March 31, 2014 were 213.7 million, reflecting a 4% decline from a year earlier. In the first quarter of 2014, the Board of Directors authorized a new $1 billion share repurchase program, which will commence following the completion of the existing program. Including this new program, as of March 31, 2014, Moody’s had $1.6 billion of share repurchase authority remaining. At quarter-end, Moody’s had $2.1 billion of outstanding debt and $1 billion of additional debt capacity available under our revolving credit facility. Total cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments at quarter-end were $2 billion, an increase of $275 million from a year earlier. As of March 31, 2014, approximately 65% of our cash holding were maintained outside the U.S. Free cash flow for the first three months of 2014 of $158 million decreased $56 million from the same period a year ago. And with that, I’ll turn the call back over to Ray.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I’ll conclude this morning’s prepared remarks by discussing our full year guidance for 2014. Moody’s outlook for 2014 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, corporate profitability, business investment spending, mergers and acquisition activity, consumer borrowing and securitization, and the amount of debt issued. There is an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions, and, if actual conditions differ, Moody’s results for the year may differ materially from the current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end-of-quarter exchange rates. As I mentioned earlier, our full year 2014 EPS guidance range remains $3.90 to $4. For Moody’s overall, the company still expects full year 2014 revenue to grow in the high-single-digit percent range. Full year 2014 operating expenses are still projected to increase in the mid-single-digit percentage range. Full year 2014 operating margin is still projected to be 42% to 43% and adjusted operating margin for the year is still expected to be 45% to 46%. The effective tax rate is still expected to be approximately 33%. Full year 2014 total share repurchases are still expected to be approximately $1 billion, subject to available cash, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decisions. Capital expenditures are still projected to be approximately $90 million. The company still expects approximately $100 million in depreciation and amortization expense. Growth in compliance and regulatory expense in 2014 is still projected to be less than $5 million. Free cash flow is still expected to be approximately $900 million. We’ve modified certain components of 2014 guidance to reflect the company’s current view of business conditions. For the global MIS business, revenue for the full year 2014 is still expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Within the U.S., MIS revenue is still expected to increase in the low-single-digit percent range, while non-U.S. revenue is still expected to increase in the low-double-digit percent range. Corporate finance revenue is now projected to grow in the mid-single-digit percent range. Revenue from structured finance is still expected to grow in the low-single-digit percent range. Financial institutions revenue is still expected to grow in the mid-single-digit percent range. In public, project and infrastructure finance revenue is still expected to increase in the high-single-digit percent range. For Moody’s Analytics, full year 2014 revenue, including the December 2013 acquisition of Amba Investment Services, is still expected to increase in the low-teens percent range. Within the U.S., MA revenue is now expected to increase in the low-double-digit percent range. Non-U.S. revenue is still expected to increase in the high-teens percent range. Excluding Amba Investment Services, revenue for Moody’s Analytics is still expected to grow in the high-single-digit percent range. Revenue from research, data and analytics is still projected to grow in the high-single-digit percent range, while revenue for enterprise risk solutions is still expected to grow in the low-teens percent range. Professional services revenue, including Amba Investment Services, is now projected to grow in the low-forties percent range. Excluding Amba Investment Services, revenue for professional services is now expected to grow in the high-single-digit percent range. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining us for the question-and-answer session is Michel Madelain, President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody’s Investor Service; and Mark Almeida, President of Moody’s Analytics. We’ll be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) We’ll go to Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik – Barclays: Yes, hi everybody. So the first question on the ratings business. You mentioned on the structured finance side that you some benefit on the commercial real estate side. I thought the CMBS activity was not that great this quarter. So I was just wondering is that an implication that there is some share gains happening, or maybe this is some other dynamic that I am not picking up.
Ray McDaniel: Manav, this is Ray. No, you’re correct. We did have strong coverage in the commercial real estate sector in the first quarter. So that benefited us.
Manav Patnaik – Barclays: Okay. And was that specific to, I guess just the U.S. right. What is the sort of your outlook on the Europe in terms of how that performs?
Ray McDaniel: You’re correct. This was a U.S. story in the first quarter. Commercial real estate in Europe and Asia was not strong in first quarter, but the U.S. market is substantial. And so overall contributed to the growth in securitization for Q1.
Manav Patnaik – Barclays: Got it. And then just a question for Mark. In terms of the instead of bigger strategic vision for professional services, is Copal and Amba basically, with your testing business or whatever, the complete suite, or is there something else that needs to be added on to this long-term, just trying to understand what the vision is for that particular business?
Mark Almeida: Manav, I think I’d say that we like what we’re doing in that area. We like the – we added Amba last year to build out the Copal platform. And we like where that business is going. We see a lot more growth opportunity there. In the training and certification business, similarly we like where we’re positioned there. That business has been a little bit soft over the last couple of quarters, and I think that mostly reflects some of the banks having other priorities in other areas that they are funding rather than focusing on training and development of their staff. But I guess the short answer is, we like where we are in professional services, and we particularly like what we’re doing in the outsource research and analytics side of business.
Linda Huber: Manav, it’s Linda. Let me probably just point out that we own two-thirds of the Copal Amba Group. So just want to make sure that everybody is aware of that ownership structure.
Manav Patnaik – Barclays: Okay, fair enough. And actually, Linda, if I can just squeeze in one. On the expense side, I think last quarter you had talked about it coming in at $450 million and then ramping up another $40 million by the end of the year. It came in a little better this quarter. How should we adjust that for the rest of the year?
Linda Huber: Yes, Manav, your observation is exactly correct. We did do better than we expect on the expense side in the first quarter. So we still expect the same end point. So we would ask that you look at a little bit of a steeper ramp. So we’d like you now to look at $50 million to $55 million of ramps specifically from $434 million this quarter to $490 million for the end of the year.
Manav Patnaik – Barclays: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Andre Benjamin with Goldman Sachs.
Andre Benjamin – Goldman Sachs: Hi good morning. I first want to follow-up Manav’s last question. In terms of the costs, the lower than expected this quarter. Can we get a little more color on what exactly drove that? Was it just a timing issue, was it lower comp accrual. Just what makes you believe that you’re still going to spend the same amount of money for the full year?
Linda Huber: Sure, Andre. The factors to the positive were lower legal costs and lower incentive compensation. I think we have said previously, you might want to look at $35 million for incentive comps for each quarter. We ran shy of $30 million this quarter, because of the top line was close and EPS was good, but we were little bit lighter on incentive comp. Those two positives were offset by overall higher compensation expenses, because we’ve added more people over the course of the year, and some consulting and IT costs for some of the things that we’re looking to do too, improve efficiency to ramp here. So it didn’t what we see now. We do think we will have that ramp over the course of the year. We are intending to increase headcount to support our revenue growth over the course of the year. And again we can’t predict exactly what’s going to happen with incentive compensation, but probably that $45 million a quarter is as good number you’re presenting.
Andre Benjamin – Goldman Sachs: Thanks. And for a follow-up, on the RD&A business. Could you maybe talk a little bit about how much of a growth which has been sustained high-single-digits for the last year or so on a quarterly basis? How much of that’s driven by, say, new product innovation versus growth in demand from some of the existing products and pricing? And are there any things on the horizon that you’re seeing as you talk to customers that would make you lead to believe that you can maybe even see a higher growth rate?
Ray McDaniel: Mark why don’t you address that if you would.
Mark Almeida: Yes. Andre, I think that what’s been going on in RD&A which we think is been performing quite well for us, is a function of a couple of things. You mentioned pricing, that’s been a nice contributor for us. We’ve done I think some very good work on upgrading the product offering and providing a more complete product delivering, more content through our core research delivery platform, moodys.com. So I think that has driven lots of demand. We’ve seen very good customer retention. Linda mentioned that that was running in the mid-90s. It’s as high as we’ve ever seen it. So that’s helped us very well. So I think just generally the business is doing quite well along all of those dimensions, pricing, coverage and the breadth of the product offering. It’s just performing very well. Honestly the underlying growth in the market is fairly limited. We don’t have a lot of new entrants coming into the market. So it’s not like we’re selling to lots of new customers. But we are finding very good demand with the customers that we’ve got. And we’re finding that they’ve got very good appetite as we’re able to deliver more content through the platform.
Andre Benjamin – Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Bill Warmington with Wells Fargo.
Bill Warmington – Wells Fargo: Good morning everyone.
Ray McDaniel: Hi Bill.
Bill Warmington – Wells Fargo: I wanted to ask if you could give us some color on your bank clients, specifically where they’re spending money, where they’re not spending money, and how that’s impacting your guidance?
Ray McDaniel: In terms of banks purchasing services from Moody’s Analytics or in the ratings side?
Bill Warmington – Wells Fargo: The former.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. Sure, I’ll turn this over to Mark in just a moment, but it’s really going to touch on all three areas of the Moody’s Analytics business, and has been a significant driver for the enterprise risk solutions component. But Mark may want to give some more detail on that.
Mark Almeida: Yes, that’s exactly right Bill. Banks represent a very sizable share of our overall customer base. And we’ve seen very good demand from that customer set, again going to some of the things that I mentioned a moment ago in the RD&A area in response to Andre’s question. But also Ray mentioned the enterprise risk solutions. All of the work that banks are doing to meet regulatory requirements, whether that be Basel III requirements outside the United States or stress testing requirements in the U.S., there has been very, very healthy demand from those customers. We can do in a lot of work. We’ve been getting very good traction in that area, and we continue to be very optimistic about the outlook for demand for our product offering across the product portfolio.
Bill Warmington – Wells Fargo: Okay. And I also want to ask for your thoughts on issuance trends as you’re seeing in the U.S. and Europe and Asia?
Ray McDaniel: Sure. I think it was pretty apparent that there was a difference in the first quarter between what was happening in investment grade and speculative grade bond issuance. Lot more strength in the investment grade sector. Speculative grade was soft really globally. So it hit us in the U.S. and Europe in particular, because those are our largest markets for spec rate, but it was also a factor elsewhere around the world. So we were soft on the spec rate. That was offset though by the strength in the bank loan area. And the demand for an increase in ratings in bank loans was very beneficial for us. And I expect we’re going to continue to see that, both in terms of demand for variable rate product like bank loans and the demand for ratings in that sector. I guess the last thing I would add to this is that, we also benefited from growth in monitoring fees. And those monitoring fees are growing along with the new rating mandates. And you’ll recall that in 2013, we had a very healthy growth in new rating mandates globally. A lot of those were spec rate issuers. And so we even though spec rate activity was lower, we were gaining from those new relationships in the monitoring fees rather than the bond issuance fees. Linda, I don’t know if had anything you wanted to add to that but.
Linda Huber: Sure, Bill. If you want to look at U.S. trends, thinking first about investment grade, long-dated U.S. corporate bonds were the best returning asset in the first quarter at 7.75% despite some very negative initial outlooks on the investment grades sector at the beginning of the year. Issuance for the year for the first quarter in U.S. has been about $300 billion, which was up 10% year-over-year. We’re still looking at sort of flattish for the whole year. Fund flows have continued to be positive into investment grades. And we would hope to see some shifting of proceeds towards M&A or CapEx. We haven’t fully seen that yet. Year-to-date issuance has been about financials. And the three to five year part of the curve has been the largest share of issuance. Investor demand is also very high there. Shorter duration because the concerns about the rising rate environments. Now if we had to split it into headwinds and tailwinds. Headwinds would be potentially slowing work in China, reduced signals from the Fed, escalation of Ukraine and Russia situation. Tailwinds would be that rates remain new record low, 10-year at 2.64% this morning, good investor demand, and again the asset classes performing well. We’ve had some good strength in Europe as well. The current pipeline is a little bit on the lighter side because of earnings blackout that we’re expecting pickup on that in May. And then the spec grade side as Ray said, we do see an offset of high yield bonds by leveraged loan. Leveraged loan fund inflow continues to be strong and we continue to see that trend for a very long time. The main drivers of the loan market have continued to be refinancing, but last week we saw some pickup on the leverage side in M&A. 79% of loans syndicated last week were earmarked for acquisitions. So that’s an interesting trend. We’ll see if that holds. And we’re seeing M&A activity at about 37% of the calendar going forward, and 59% of the combined and announced calendar. So again let’s see what happens. Yields continue to be helpful. CLO issuance is also healthy. But again that is not such an high yield market for straight bonds. And we continue to see that that is a little bit weaker, $75 billion of issuance versus a $100 billion last year. So I think those are some of the overall trends in what we’re seeing in terms of the strength and weakness in various markets. Any other details you might need?
Bill Warmington – Wells Fargo: Very helpful. Thank you.
Linda Huber: Sure.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Peter Appert with Piper Jaffrey.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffrey: Hi Linda, actually I need one more detail please, and that is the – we saw that mega deal, this week or last week I can’t remember where the international yield markets [ph]. Can you read anything into that in terms of maybe using up the logjam in the high-yield markets?
Linda Huber: I think we’re now going to have Michel comment on that. Michel, any thoughts on whether that is a trend starter?
Michel Madelain: Well, I think it’s been viewed as really something that is a bit of a game changer in terms of the scale and the size of the deal and the opportunity creates for funding of large transactions in Europe and in some other market. So from that perspective, I think that was a very welcome event. And you’ve seen it’s been a very successful deal however described and good condition. So I would clarify that as a positive sign.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffrey: But no indication that the backlog is specifically picking up in the context of their early favorable results.
Michel Madelain: Well, it is an M&A. This is an M&A driven transaction. So you’ve seen there is a number of – this is obviously something that tends to be variable driven. And to the extent that we see more M&A activities, what they mean is that we’ll see more of those transactions, but again we view that as a positive development for the market.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffrey: Great. Understood.
Ray McDaniel: And Peter I would just add that with the ability of potential M&A transactors to see the degree of market appetite for these larger deals, you have to put that in the positive category.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffrey: Right, absolutely. And then I wanted to, if I could ask Mark a question. Mark, I’ll need a day, things called fairly. You saw year-over-year improvement in the analytics margins in the current quarter and the numbers have been drifting lower over the last couple of years. I’m wondering, Mark, you would call that a trend? Are we plan we were going to start to see some leverage from the investments we made in the last couple of years?
Mark Almeida: Well, our goal is certainly to move the business to higher margins overtime, and we’re doing an enormous amount of work to get us there. I just caution you a little bit Peter on the timing of that. I think for us to get to the margins that we’re aiming for. We’ve still got a lot of work to do. And we’ve got to build more scale into the business and also we’ve got to make number of our product offerings, particularly in enterprise risk solutions, more scalable and more easily configurable and replicable from customer to customer. So there is a fair amount of work going on there. So again that’s clearly our objective. We’re very focused on that, but I’d be real love them to declare victory on that just on the basis of what you’ve seen in this quarter.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffrey: I actually got – the first quarter was interesting, because it’s with dilution from Amba, correct? What was the impact of Amba on the margins?
Linda Huber: Peter, I’m not sure we’re going to break out the impact of Amba on the margin other than we said that the Copal Amba Group has Moody’s like growth rates and Moody’s like margins. So you might want to do a little reverse engineering there, but I’m not sure we’re going to go into that specifically.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffrey: So Amba theoretically was accretive to the margins. So I guess, Mark, the message is that it’s really about the risk software business in terms of where the margin leverage is going to come in?
Mark Almeida: Absolutely. And again there is a whole program of activity in that line of business to get us there, but that program is a program that’s going to start that meaningful impact on the bottom line over a period of years rather than quarters.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffrey: Okay. And then just quick last thing. Linda, should you assume the share repurchases are relatively even through the year?
Linda Huber: Yes, Peter. We do adjust bits of what we’ve seen from market conditions, couple of comments there. We do have heavy issuance of shares in the first quarter that’s when we primarily do the issuance for our previous year compensation plans. So that is particularly heavy in the first quarter. And as we move through the year, we’re pretty well balanced out. I would say that, for the number of trading days we’ve had in the year, we would note that to this point we are on pace to achieve our $1 billion for the year.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffrey: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Hamzah Mazari with Credit Suisse.
Flavio Campos – Credit Suisse: Hi, this is Flavio. I am standing in for Hamzah today. Thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to turn back to costs a little bit very briefly. I was just wondering when thinking about the leverage you can pull to reduce costs. If there is any relationship between MIS and Copal in the sense of using Copal services in order to drive down costs of research? Is that something that you have looked into before?
Linda Huber: Flavio, it’s Linda. And Ray or Michel may want to comment on this. We think we’re managing our costs pretty well while making the required investments in the business. As you can see this quarter, we’ve had some particularly strong results from Moody’s Analytics, but we’ve always felt Moody’s Analytics has been a little bit under in terms of its performance. So we are watching our costs pretty carefully, but we do want to make sure we make those strategic investments to keep these businesses growing at the pace that they have been growing. For the Moody’s shared services side, we do use the Copal Amba Group. We have about 100 people that we’re using for shared services. And most of the increases in our headcount for shared services would be offshore at this point. So the whole company is making use of those assets, particularly in Moody’s shared services. So we have had tremendous margin expansion year-over-year. We are also guiding to 50 to 150 basis points of further margin expansion this year. So we like where we are and we’re particularly cautious about the rating agency and how we handle operations in the rating agencies. So with that preamble, I’ll let Ray and Michel perhaps add any comments if they want to.
Ray McDaniel: Michel, anything you’d like to add to that?
Michel Madelain: No, I would say that we are effectively looking at the options that the acquisition of Amba and the addition of Copal are bringing to us. We already are using outsourcing to some extent, but there are opportunities and we’re working on that.
Flavio Campos – Credit Suisse: Perfect. That’s very helpful. Thank you for the color. And just as a quick follow-up. When we were talking about leveraged loans making up for some of the are withdrawn to gain a higher issuance. And we know that loans have – rating of loans have lower margins. Should we look this as also the opportunity of rating goes else when comeback at CLOs and those are additional revenues and a much higher margin. And if you look at leveraged loans combined with the potential for the CLOs. Is that enough to offset the mix of lower high yield and more loans that come first?
Linda Huber: Flavio, it’s Linda. Before we get into the next issue, one of our jobs here is to correct the urban myth. And that is an urban myth. In fact leveraged loan pricing, speculative grade pricing in general is helpful to us. And that’s one that’s favorable to investment grade pricing. So you should not make that assumption that margins are lower on leveraged loans. So please make that change. And in terms of mix, we do like leveraged loans, because we rate them and then as you said, we are able to rate them again if they are packaged into CLOs, but I may have missed a little bit of the color for your two year back to your comment and I’ll ask Ray if he wanted to add anything.
Ray McDaniel: No, I think Linda’s correction on the profitability of the two different areas is important, but otherwise your observation is correct, Flavio, about the fact that these loans at least have the potential for being repackaged into additional securities.
Flavio Campos – Credit Suisse: That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Linda Huber: Sure.
Operator: And we’ll go next to William Bird with FBR.
Linda Huber: Hi Bill.
William Bird – FBR Capital Markets: On your guidance, maybe you can speak to what accounts for the just slight downward tweak to your corporate finance revenue outlook. Then I have a follow-up?
Ray McDaniel: Sure. There are a couple of things. I would say the first is that the market – I would observe that the market has not changed in the direction that I think the consensus view was earlier in the year in terms of higher interest rates characterized by stronger global economic momentum. In fact, we’re seeing something of the opposite. Now that’s good for refinancing, but refinancing has really been the driver for the last few years. And so while the refi part of that market continues, it’s difficult for us to project that as being a source of strong growth in the corporate sector at this point. So what we’re really looking at is whether these other drivers, M&A and capital expenditure are going to take on a more prominent role and we’ll see. There is some reason to be optimistic about what’s going on in M&A but that’s pretty recent. So as I said in some previous calls, I hope we’re being cautious on that, but we’ll see. The other two things I would just point to are, we have seen some slower growth in Asia. And the geopolitical uncertainty coming out of Russia and Ukraine is not helpful. So again we factor that into our outlook.
William Bird – FBR Capital Markets: And maybe you could just speak to Europe. How would you characterize the state of your business right now in Europe?
Ray McDaniel: Well, I will invite my colleagues to make some comments, but I think the business in Europe is quite healthy. The regulatory situation in Europe has been somewhat challenging as we’ve talked about on previous calls, but there has been increased stability in Europe and that is encouraging and stability in the public sector and that is encouraging for increasing confidence in the private sector and encouraging business activity and borrowing in the private sector. So for the outlook, that stability is clearly a precursor to better activity and we’re going to have to see whether the economic momentum picks up on the European side. Michel or Mark, just start with Michel just from a capital markets perspective, see if there is anything you wanted to add.
Michel Madelain: I mean the unfun way I would add is something – forwarding previous calls is really that in Europe the size continue to benefit from business disintermediation and that’s really a very important favorable development for us, but that’s the only point I would make.
William Bird – FBR Capital Markets: I have a final question. Just given just a spike in your revenue growth in MIS in the year ago quarter, is it reasonable to think MIS revenues could be down in Q2?
Ray McDaniel: Well, I mean it’s certainly possible, but we do think we’re going to be able to point on the board in Q2. So our central case is for growth.
William Bird – FBR Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners: Great. Thank you. First question, can you just comment a little bit further on what you’re seeing on the ratings business over in Asia?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. I mean I think we have to separate cyclical from secular. I think the long-term story in Asia, it’s very positive. And I think we feel that we are well positioned in the key Asian markets, whether it’s through our own offices or through joint ventures or investments in places like Korea, China and India. Cyclically, we’ve seen some softness and few markets in Asia was weak. And really because of among other things that the downturn in speculative grade issuance globally. We also saw some weakness in the Asian market on the spec grades side. So I think we’re going to continue to be dealing with some of these short-term issues in Asia, but the long-term story is it’s something we’re very enthusiastic about.
Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners: My second question please. Your non-transaction revenues within the ratings business had a very strong quarter, both sequentially and year-over-year. Can you just touch upon what’s been driving that?
Ray McDaniel: Sure. I mean the growth in the monitoring fees is probably I think the most important driver there. We do have some growth in program relationships, large frequent issuers that are paying annual fees. And that’s certainly helpful. But the growth in new rating mandates that we’ve been picking up over the last couple of years, and the fact that those rating relationships trends translate into annual monitoring fees has been a big pick-up for us.
Linda Huber: Craig, it’s Linda. Before I get into the usual conversation that you and I had, having spent a better part of the last three weeks in Asia, and Michel may want to comment on this further, we’re continued to be pleased in what we’re seeing regarding our business in China, both domestic with CCXI and cross-border. I think our China compendium says we have about 140 cross-border rated companies now coming out of China. And I think if I’ve got my memory stats we’re adding about 30 of those per year. They start off in our CCXI business of domestic issuers and then it’s growing size and scale. They become cross-border issuers as they move over to our MIS business. On part of both MIS and Moody’s Analytics. And so that part shared services as well, we are investing in China. It is a growth area for us and we have an effort [ph] to make sure that we have our greater China strategy correct. And that was supported in the growth particularly in that part of the region. And before we go onto other things, maybe I’ll pause for a minute and just see if Michel and Mark want to comment a little bit further on China specifically. Michel anything from your…
Michel Madelain: No, I think you’ve pretty much covered it.
Linda Huber: Okay. Mark?
Mark Almeida: Please go ahead.
Linda Huber: And I guess we would also note Craig that we are tendering for the 55% ownership of our ICRA business in India. Those who are reading carefully page 12 of the balance sheet, you’ll see an item on there which is restricted cash, which is cash by regulation we have to set aside for that tender which is for everyone’s information going through its usual regulatory review processes, and we will update as we have something further to say if that opens and then move along. So just wanted to make sure everybody is aware of that that’s going on, but that would be another indication of our investments in our business in Asia. So with those commercials, Craig, what else can we do for you?
Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners: So typically like to ask you Linda, if you can just breakdown percentage basis in dollars if you would, high yield versus bank loans versus investment grade with the corporate finance and then ultimately the three main sub-segments?
Linda Huber: Sure. I will start with corporate finance for you Craig. As we’ve said $264 million for this quarter. That’s up from $258 million last year. The percentage breakdown investment grade was 18% of revenues, which is about flat to last year. Spec grade high yields bonds down to $52.9 million. That’s 20% of the corporate finance line versus last year’s 29%. Bank loans, the opposite. We’re up to about $67 million, which is 25% of the corporate finance revenue versus 22% last year. And again those lines offset each other. And other accounts as you had noted correctly, Craig, that line has moved up to $97 million from $82 million and that’s 37% of the total. Again it’s important to call out that globally across all of Moody’s investment grade of revenues represent only 7% of Moody’s corporate revenues. And that’s just something that we think sometimes is not fully appreciated. And we do also see an over focus on the U.S. So it’s important that these trends are looked at on a global basis and that’s spec grade and investment grade are considered in total. We go into SFG, Craig. First of all, the total for structured was $95 million, up from $93 million last year. ADS, about flat at 24% of revenue, so up $23 million. RMBS also about flat at $18 million. That’s 19% of revenues, about the same the last year. Commercial real estate at 31% versus 28% last year. Up to $29 million this year. And structured credit, which includes CLOs, $25 million, that’s 26% of the structured revenue line versus 29% at the same time last year. Moving onto FIG, $85 million revenue for the first quarter of this year. And banking constituted 67% of that, $57 million. Insurance constituted 25%, $21 million. And managed investments up to 8%, $6.6 million, which is up from last year’s 4%. And then lastly, public project and infrastructure, $80 million for the quarter. And as Ray had talked about public finance and sovereign, $37 million down from last year’s $42 million, about 46% of the PPIF line. UNIF [ph] $3.8 million, which is 5% the same as last year. And then project and infrastructure $40 million, was up from last year and that’s 49% of revenues. Again we’ve talked about we’ve seen project and infrastructure being one of the beneficiaries of the disintermediation that Michel spoke about. We’re seeing that a number of these deals are coming to the bond markets in project and infrastructure finance, which previously would have been funded by banks. So that’s an helpful trend. So I think that’s it Craig. If we’ve got everything you need.
Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Joseph Foresi with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery Scott: Hi. My first question here is, how should we think about the impacts from the Ukraine? What has built into guidance from an outlook in that region, and how do you kind of risk adjust the numbers for that?
Ray McDaniel: Well it’s difficult. It’s fairly easy for us to look at our business in Russia. And that is modest. So that is not a large driver of any change in outlook. But beyond that, geopolitical tensions are always difficult to address in an outlook, simply because there is the direct consequence of tension and how widespread that is. And then there is the collateral impact on business confidence and willingness to engage in business activity and focus on growth during periods of stress. So we’ve factored that into our modest reduction in outlook for the corporate finance area. And beyond that, we’re really just going to have to comment as views change depending on what happens on the ground.
Linda Huber: And Joe, as usual to take the other side of that for you. The flight-to-quality in the U.S. Treasury has made them a very strong returning asset class for the first quarter as well. It’s about the same 7.75% that I mentioned for long duration corporate bonds. So the flight-to-quality is just the price of U.S. Treasury and has resulted in the 10-year remaining at 2.64%. We’ve been happily surprised to the 10-year under 2.7%, which I think is perhaps a bit different than many pundits have been calling for to this point of the year. So a bit of a mixed bag for us in terms of how it affects our business. And I hope that gives you kind of both sides of the story for how think about that.
Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery Scott: Yes, that’s definitely helpful. On the Analytics business, obviously there is a positive uptick there. How sustainable is that step-up in the business? Should we think of this as accelerating, or is there a reason to be maybe a little bit more modest in our thoughts regarding it?
Ray McDaniel: Mark, do you want to address?
Mark Almeida: Sure. I think that I would characterize it as pretty much in line with our expectations to be honest. We had a good quarter. Organically we were at 10%, which we feel very good about, but we’ve always thought of this business as a high-single-digit growth kind of business. So we didn’t – while we’re very pleased with the quarter, we didn’t feel like the quarter was wildly outlined with our expectations.
Linda Huber: So again try to make sure you understand, 10% organic, 15% with the acquisitions. Again we would urge everybody to take another look at Moody’s Analytics and what it’s able to do. And as we said earlier regarding the fact that one of our major customers are banks and they are looking to use a lot of our services. We have done very well in the Moody’s Analytics in the first quarter.
Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery Scott: All right. And then just the last one for me, just kind of general question. How should we think about issuance versus rising interest rates environment? Is there any sort of rule of thumb that you could provide as we look out on the year, different commentary from the Fed and the changes in those rate? Is there a base level for this business, and how do we kind of correlate those two?
Ray McDaniel: Yes, we’ve listed this historically, and in our investor presentation, you would be able to see some of the historical data that we’ve been able to collect. And long story short is we have had periods in the past of rising interest rates that did have a negative effect on the business in terms of lower or no growth, but more recent periods we have been able to grow through rising interest rate environments. I think the reasons for that includes the fact that we have a much more global business over the last 10 to 15 years than we did back in the early 1990s. We have a much more substantial business in Moody’s Analytics, which is not as susceptible to volatility based on movements in interest rates, but that all being said, I still go back to the kind of fundamental idea that in a rising rate environment, assuming that that rate environment is rising because of economic strength, there are going to be substantial bond market activity and borrowing for reasons unrelated to refinancing, so for share repurchase and capital expenditure, merging acquisitions. Those are all important drivers of issuance in a stronger economic scenario.
Linda Huber: And Joe, it’s Linda. I can recite this from memory. In ‘93 to ‘94, interest rates went up 200 basis points over that year-long period. And Moody’s revenue which as Ray said with much more U.S. centric at that time barely dipped. I believe it’s ‘97 to ‘98, interest rates went up 180 basis points and Moody’s revenue continued to trend up. When we do our first quarter slide, you’ll see revenues for the corporation up 5%. I’d be surprised if overall global issuance has been up from the fourth quarter of last year. It’s probably going to be flat to down. So once again, global issuance can be flat to down and our revenues move up. So it’s very important that you understand that interest rates also continue to have trouble breaking above 3% in the 10-year. We were able to see that in January. We saw it in September, but we have not seen the 10-year come back through 3% for any sort of sustained period of time. And there is pieces in journal today that higher interest rates are causing some real issues in the housing market. So again rates may move up, but they’ve surprised us for being lower longer than perhaps we and a lot of market participants kind of expected. So I think we’ll end our very long comment there.
Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery Scott: Thanks.
Operator: And we’ll go to Doug Arthur with Evercore.
Doug Arthur – Evercore Partners: Yes, Ray, just on the legal front. It seem like there were some developments in the CalFirst case in the first quarter. Can you just bring us up-to-date on kind of what inning that’s in and what’s the next step? Thank you.
Ray McDaniel: Sure. You’ll recall that we had filed an appeal in California seeking reversal of the lower court decision denying our motion to dismiss the case under this, what’s called the anti-SLAPP statute in California. And there was oral argument on that in early April. I think it was April 9. And according to what I’ve been told are the rules in California, a decision on that appeal and the oral argument would be expected within 90 days following that argument.
Doug Arthur – Evercore Partners: So nothing is going to move forward until there is a decision on that?
Ray McDaniel: Correct. And as we’ve talked about before, that is just one small piece of a much broader case that is still in many respects in very early stages.
Doug Arthur – Evercore Partners: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Tim McHugh with William Blair. Stephen Sheldon – William Blair. Hi. It’s Stephen Sheldon in for Tim. Most of my questions have been answered. But just in terms of headcount growth. You’ve talked before about expecting roughly the same growth in 2014, as you saw in 2013, which I think was roughly 9%. Any changes to that? And maybe just add some additional color on where you’re planning to add.
Linda Huber: Sure. What have you achieved? The headcount growth excluding Amba year-over-year has grown 10% here at Moody’s. And a lot of that growth has been offshore in lower cross jurisdictions. If you split it out, the majority of the additions have been in the lines of business. And we do expect probably 9% headcount growth this year. And again a number of those – that growth will be offshore. But again we’re driving 10% to 15% growth in Moody’s Analytics, and we’ve been putting up double-digit growth on the revenue line. And in order to support that, it’s important that we are able to add headcount to support both, the ratings and the Moody’s Analytics side. So yes, we would continue to expect 9% headcount growth. But we’re judicious about where we’re adding those additional jobs. Stephen Sheldon – William Blair. Okay, thanks.
Operator: And it appears there are no further questions at this time. I’d like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ray McDaniel for any additional or closing remarks.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. I want to thank everyone for joining us. And I’d also like to remind you that Tuesday, September 30, we’ll be hosting our Annual Investor Day at our headquarters here in Manhattan. For more information on this, go to the Investor Relations website as we get closer to the event. And again thank you all for joining. We’ll talk to you in July.
Operator: This conclude Moody’s’ First Quarter Earnings Call. And as a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 P.M. Eastern time on Moody’s’ website. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-07 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Salli Schwartz - Global Head of Investor Relations and Vice President of Investor Relations Raymond W. McDaniel - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director, Member of MIS Committee and Member of Enterprise-Wide Risk Committee Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Michel A. Madelain - President of Moody's Investors Service Inc and Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investors Service Inc Mark E. Almeida - President of Moody’s Analytics
Analysts: William G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Edward J. Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division Craig Huber Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Hamzah Mazari - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the Moody's Corporation Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year End 2013 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Salli Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's results for the fourth quarter and full year 2013, as well as our outlook for full year 2014. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Moody's released its results for the fourth quarter and full year 2013, as well as our outlook for full year 2014 this morning. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, President and Chief Executive Officer of Moody's Corporation, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody's Corporation. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission's website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Thank you, Salli. Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's fourth quarter and full year 2013 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. I'll conclude with comments on our outlook for 2014. And after our prepared remarks, we'll respond to your questions. Moody's delivered strong financial performance throughout 2013, including revenue growth in all lines of business, margin expansion and EPS growth of 18%. Fourth quarter revenue of $779 million increased 3% over the fourth quarter of 2012, and reflected growth in Moody's Investor Service despite challenging year-on-year comparisons, as well as continued strong growth from all lines of business of Moody's Analytics. Operating expenses for the fourth quarter were $467 million, a 5% decline from the fourth quarter of 2012. Operating income for the fourth quarter was $312 million, a 20% increase from the prior-year period. Adjusted operating income, which excludes depreciation and amortization, as well as a goodwill impairment charge in the fourth quarter of 2012, was $335 million, up 13% from the same period last year. Diluted earnings per share of $0.94 for the fourth quarter increased 34% from the prior-year period. Excluding a legacy tax benefit of $0.09, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter of 2013 was $0.85, a 21% increase from the fourth quarter of 2012. For full year 2013, Moody's revenue of $3 billion increased 9% from full year 2012. Revenue at Moody's Investors Service was $2.1 billion for 2013, an increase of 9% from last year. Moody's Analytics revenue of $913 million was also 9% higher than the prior year. Operating expenses for full year 2013 were $1.7 billion, up 5% from 2012. Operating income of $1.2 billion increased 15% from 2012. Full year 2013 adjusted operating income of $1.3 billion increased 12% from the prior year. Reported diluted earnings per share of $3.60 for the full year 2013 grew 18% from $3.05 in 2012. Excluding a litigation settlement charge of $0.14 in the first quarter of 2013 and a legacy tax benefit of $0.09 in the fourth quarter of 2013, as well as a legacy tax benefit of $0.06 in the third quarter of 2012, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.65 for the full year 2013 grew 22% from $2.99 in 2012. I'll now turn the call over to Linda to provide additional commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Linda S. Huber: Thanks, Ray. I'll begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody's total revenue for the fourth quarter increased 3% to $779 million. The impact of foreign currency translation for the quarter was negligible. Fourth quarter U.S. revenue of $417 million and non-U.S. revenue of $362 million both increased 3% from the fourth quarter of 2012. Non-U.S. revenue represented 46% of Moody's total revenue compared to 47% in the year-ago period. Recurring revenue of $390 million represented 50% of total revenue, up from 46% in the prior-year period. Looking now at each of our segments, starting with Moody's Investors Service. Total MIS revenue from the quarter was $523 million, up 1% from the prior-year period. U.S. revenue for MIS declined 2% to $300 million over the prior-year period. Revenue outside the U.S. of $223 million increased 5% and represented 43% of total ratings revenue, up from 41% in the prior-year period. The impact of foreign currency translation for the quarter was negligible. Moving on to the lines of business for MIS. First, global corporate finance revenue in the fourth quarter declined 1% from the year-ago period to $243 million. In the U.S., revenue was down 9% year-over-year, reflecting a contraction in U.S. bond issuance against a strong prior-year period. Outside the U.S., revenue was up 15% year-over-year as a result of higher investment grade issuance in Asia and speculative grade issuance in Europe, as well as increased revenue from monitoring fees for outstanding ratings. Second, global structured finance revenue for the fourth quarter was $109 million, 6% above the prior-year period. In the U.S., revenue increased 15% year-over-year, primarily due to increased CMBS and reissuance, as interest rates, credit spreads and risk appetite were favorable. International finance revenue was down 8% against the prior-year period, driven by declines in revenue of European RMBS and Asian CMBS. Third, global financial institutions revenue of $89 million increased 3% from the same quarter of 2012, primarily reflecting increased revenue from asset management companies. U.S. revenue was up 6% and non-U.S. revenue was up 1% as compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. Fourth, global public, project and infrastructure finance revenue declined 3% year-over-year to $83 million. Revenue was down 6% in the U.S., primarily due to declines in public finance and project finance issuance, partially offset by increased issuance in infrastructure finance, while non-U.S. revenue increased 1%. Turning now to Moody's Analytics. Global revenue for MA of $256 million was up 9% from the fourth quarter of 2012. U.S. revenue grew by 21% year-over-year to $117 million. Non-U.S. revenue increased by 1% to $140 million and represented 54% of total Moody's Analytics revenue, down from 59% in the fourth quarter last year. The impact of foreign currency translation was negligible. And moving now to the lines of business for MA. First, global research, data and analytics or RD&A. Revenue of $138 million increased 9% from the prior-year period and represented 54% of total MA revenue. We continue to see a mid-90% customer retention rate, as well as strong new sales of research products. U.S. revenue was up 8%, and non-U.S. revenue was up 10% as compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. Second, enterprise risk solutions or ERS. Revenue of $85 million grew 7% from last year, driven by strong growth in products and services that support bank stress testing activities. Revenue was up 48% in the U.S., while non-U.S. revenue was down 10% against the prior-year period. As we have previously noted, ERS revenue remains subject to quarterly volatility due to the variable nature of project timing and completion. On a trailing 12-month basis, revenue and sales for ERS have increased 8% and 14%, respectively. Third, global professional services revenue grew 16% to $33 million, reflecting continued growth within Copal, as well as the acquisition of Amba Investment Services in December 2013. U.S. revenue increased 54%, and non-U.S. revenue increased 6% year-over-year. Turning now to expenses. Moody's fourth quarter expenses were $467 million, a decline of $27 million or 5% compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. This decline was primarily due to lower incentive compensation expense, lower legal accruals and the absence of a goodwill impairment charge in the fourth quarter of 2013, as compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. The year-over-year reduction in expenses was partially offset by increased compensation expense due to additional headcount and pension costs in 2013. The impact of foreign currency translation on operating expenses for the quarter was negligible. Moody's reported operating margin for the quarter expanded 550 basis points year-over-year from 34.5% in the fourth quarter of 2012 to 40% in 2013. Adjusted operating margin was 43% for the quarter, up from 39.3% in the same period last year, an expansion of 370 basis points. Moody's effective tax rate for the quarter was 30.6% compared with 31.5% for the prior-year period. The decline in the effective tax rate was primarily due to lower U.S. taxes on foreign income. And now, I'll provide an update on capital allocation. Moody's increased its quarterly dividend on December 17 by 12% to $0.28 per share of common stock. During the fourth quarter of 2013, Moody's repurchased 2 million shares at a total cost of $146 million, and issued 0.9 million shares under employee stock-based compensation plans. For the full year 2013, Moody's repurchased 14 million shares at a total cost of $893 million or an average price of $62.90 per share, and issued 50 -- excuse me, 5.5 million shares under employee stock-based compensation plans. Outstanding shares as of December 31, 2013, totaled $214 million, a 4% decline from the prior-year period. As of December 31, 2013, Moody's had $784 million of share repurchase authority remaining under its current program. Also as of December 31, Moody's had $2.1 billion of outstanding debt and $1 billion of additional debt capacity available under its revolving debt facilities. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at year end were $2.1 billion, an increase of $333 million from a year earlier, due in part to Moody's August 2013 bond offering of $500 million of senior unsecured notes. Full year 2013 free cash flow was $885 million, an increase of $106 million or 14% from a year ago. Cash holdings maintained outside of the U.S. at the end of the fourth quarter were $1.2 billion or 59% of total cash holdings. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Ray.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I'll conclude this morning's prepared remarks by discussing our full year guidance for 2014. Moody's outlook for 2014 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, corporate profitability, business investment spending, mergers and acquisition activity, consumer borrowing and securitization and the amount of debt issued. There's an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions and if actual conditions differ, Moody's results for the year may differ materially from the current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end-of-quarter exchange rates. While we anticipate variable market conditions in 2014, we nonetheless expect revenue growth across all areas of our business. For Moody's overall, we expect full year 2014 revenue to grow in the high single-digit percent range. Full year 2014 operating expenses are projected to increase in the mid single-digit percent range, reflecting the full year impact of 2013 hires, as well as investments in our business. These include products development initiatives, particularly in credit research and enterprise risk solutions, where demand for our capabilities is particularly strong. We're also expanding our presence in important international markets. Even including these investments, our full year 2014 operating margin is expected to expand 50 to 150 basis points to be between 42% and 43%, up from 41.5% in 2013. Adjusted operating margin is expected to be between 45% and 46%, up from 44.7% in 2013. The effective tax rate is expected to increase to approximately 33% due to various tax law changes. The company expects diluted earnings per share for the full year 2014 of $3.90 to $4. We have endeavored to return capital to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. Over the course of 2013, Moody's increased its annualized declared dividend by 40% from $0.80 to $1.12. For 2014, we expect share repurchases of approximately $1 billion subject to available cash, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decisions. Full year 2014 capital expenditures are projected to be approximately $90 million, reflecting ongoing infrastructure maintenance, fit-out of additional floors at our 7 World Trade Center headquarters and investments in our business for efficiency and growth. We expect approximately $100 million in depreciation and amortization expense. Growth in compliance and regulatory expense is projected to be less than $5 million. Free cash flow is expected to be approximately $900 million. For the global MIS business, revenue for full year 2014 is expected to increase in the mid single-digit percent range. Within the U.S., MIS revenue is expected to increase in the low single-digit percent range, while non-U.S. revenue is expected to increase in the low double-digit percent range. Corporate finance and public project and infrastructure finance revenues are both projected to grow in the high single-digit percent range. Revenue from structured finance is expected to grow in the low single-digit percent range, while revenue from financial institutions is expected to grow in the mid single-digit range. For MA, full year 2014 revenue is expected to increase in the low-teens percent range, inclusive of our December 2013 acquisition of Amba Investment Services. On an organic basis, MA revenue is expected to expand in the high single-digit percent range. Within the U.S., MA revenue is expected to increase in the high single-digit percent range. Non-U.S. revenue is expected to increase in the high-teens percent range. Revenue from research, data and analytics is projected to grow in the high single-digit percent range, while revenue for enterprise risk solutions is projected to grow in the low-teens percent range. Revenue from professional services is projected to grow in the mid-40s percent range, which includes the recent acquisition of Amba. Organically, professional services revenue is expected to increase in the low double-digit percent range. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining us for the question-and-answer session is Michel Madelain, the President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investor Service; and Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics. We'd be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question today from William Bird with FBR.
William G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Ray, I was wondering if you could talk about just how you see debt issuance developing in 2014, and what you view as some of the key swing categories as you think about your outlook?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Sure. As I think you can glean from our guidance, we do expect international activity, particularly in the corporate sector, to be stronger than growth in the U.S. Looking at, I think, market consensus, we would expect in the U.S. to see modestly down volumes and issuance counts. And Linda may wish to give some additional color on that. And it's really -- in terms of the variables here, for corporate finance, as we've talked about before, it's really a question of both interest rates and how that affects refinancing activity, as well as if we do have a rising rate environment, is that associated with business confidence and borrowing for non-refinancing reasons, whether it be M&A or capital expenditure or share repurchase. So that would be a significant swing factor. And I would also say that, as always, the amount of activity in the securitization markets and the question about whether there's going to be a recovery in European securitization off of what was a relatively quiet year last year would be the second area I'd look to as an important variable.
Linda S. Huber: Bill, it's Linda. I think, we see unusual differences between U.S. and non-U.S. trends in the issuance markets right now. Let me go through, within the U.S. for this week, we see about 15 billion of issuance, but we would remind everyone that we're still in blackout period at this point. January looks like about 100 billion of U.S. investment-grade issuance, which may be down 10% year-over-year. And for the full year, most projections are at about 900 billion, which is sort of flattish to down 5%, again, in the U.S. But we've seen very good fund flows into bond funds so far this year. $9 billion has moved into bond funds. And interestingly, as the market has wobbled and there've been a resurgence of risk factors, interest rates have come back in. As of this morning, the 10 year is at 2 67, the 5 year is at 1 47, and that is helpful in terms of issuance trends. So we would expect that perhaps even beginning next week, things will start to pick up. Thus far in the year, we've seen investment grades skewed heavily towards financials in the U.S. And we've seen very heavy issuance from Yankee issuers, in other words, issuers coming from outside the U.S. Pipelines of investment grade in the U.S. right now would be characterized as light to average. Looking at high yield, we've seen about $10 billion this week. January looks to be at about $30 billion. The year is projected at about $300 billion. Again, in the U.S., that's down a little bit from last year but I'll ask Michel Madelain to comment as we move through this. Again, it's a different story outside the U.S. The issuance levels all-in for high yield are at 5.91% this morning. Again, issuance levels under 6% are very helpful to the high-yield market. And so we'll see what happens with M&A activity and so on, but pipelines are characterized as average. And leveraged loans continue to be the -- very much the bright spot this week, $15 billion of leveraged loans. January at $50 billion, which is up 40% year-over-year. The year's forecast is $400 billion, which is down a bit but we'll see how that plays out. Leveraged loan market has started the year in great shape. Inflows have been very strong, $460 million for the week. The asset class has not seen a weekly outflow since June of 2012, as investors continue to look at floating rate paper as the attractive place to be. And the pipeline there is termed to be robust in leveraged loans. So with all of that, might be interesting for you to hear from Michel, to hear his observations on the difference between U.S. and the international market.
Michel A. Madelain: Thank you, Linda. William, I think, that's the main point we have in front of us, is these contrast between the U.S. and non-U.S. U.S., what we have is a situation with obviously more challenging comparables because of what we've seen this year and an expectation of a contraction of issuance in investment grade and also high-yield bonds. Internationally, what we see especially in Europe is the fact that we expect to benefit from a continuation of disintermediation and bringing new transaction, as well as improving economic conditions. So again, both factors are helping to generate additional flow of new bonds basically.
Linda S. Huber: Bill, that might be more than what you wanted but that's the story.
William G. Bird - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Well said, well spoken. And how do you expect expenses to phase in, in 2014?
Linda S. Huber: Sure. As we said, expenses in -- growing in mid single-digits for 2014. And the reason for that, Bill, we've got businesses which are performing very strongly here. We're very pleased with our businesses' performances in 2013 and the outlook for '14. We think we have some good opportunities, and so looking at expense growth in the mid single-digits. For the first quarter, I'll make this easy. I think, what we'd look at on a GAAP basis is probably expenses in the first quarter somewhere around $450 million. And then, we're looking at a ramp again over the course of the year, probably $35 million to $40 million of increase by the time we get to the fourth quarter. So again, modest increase in expenses over the course of the year with the fourth quarter being the highest. Again, with the traditional ramp that Moody's sees at $35 million to $40 million, starting off of the base at around $450 million in the first quarter if things play out as we expect.
Operator: Our next question is from Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Ray, the international numbers are particularly impressive, I think. Is it possible to break out the impact or quantify the impact of this whole disintermediation thesis versus just secular growth or cyclical growth in the market? And then, I'm wondering, also related to that, if you have any statistics you can share with us on number of new issuers you're seeing in the international markets?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Sure. The contribution from disintermediation is, again, probably 2 to 3 points of revenue as we've talked about previously. And that has been fairly steady over the last few years. We had a particularly strong year last year for new mandates. And I think the number of new mandates was over 500 last year. So it was a strong year. We -- the trends that are influencing that, the deleveraging pressure on financial institutions, particularly in Europe, continues. I think, that, also, the interest of corporate borrowers to diversify their access to capital continues. So it looks like a powerful story and a long-term story as opposed to a cyclical story.
Linda S. Huber: Peter, it's Linda. I think, as we finished the fourth quarter, our new mandates might have even been a bit higher than what Ray stated, maybe around 800 new mandates. But that has been wind at our backs, as we said, and we're pleased with the international issuance pace also in Asia, as well as in Europe.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: How would that 800 compare with '12, Linda? Do you know?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Let me just clarify that the numbers we have, we have net and gross numbers, and so we have to be clear about that. But I'm sorry, your question, Peter?
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: How -- whichever number it is, how it compared to the prior year?
Raymond W. McDaniel: It was up by several hundred.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. Excellent. And then, in terms of the stepped-up pace of buyback activity, so if I'm calculating this right, if you do $1 billion of buyback and, call it, a couple hundred million of dividend payments, that will likely exceed the free cash flow. So should I read into this a willingness maybe to use a little bit more leverage not just near term but over the next several years in terms of maintaining a higher level of buybacks? The question really is the $1 billion level a number we might expect on a continuing basis?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, that's going to be subject to a number of factors and ongoing review of how our financial performance is, what our other opportunities are for use of capital. I will say that I think we have the capacity to continue to repurchase at that rate, absent something unexpected. So there's certainly that potential.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then, last thing, pricing, anything different in '14 than what you've done in the last couple of years?
Linda S. Huber: Peter, it's Linda. I don't think so. As we have guided in our previous discussions with investors on the 4-box growth chart, we've said pricing is 3% to 4% of our growth, and we continue to look at that for 2014.
Operator: We'll go to Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So my first question is, obviously, we've had a pretty big upheaval in the emerging markets to start 2014. Have you seen any of that have an impact on new issuers kind of coming to market, or your conversations with companies that are based in emerging markets?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes, the turmoil in the emerging markets certainly has had an impact on short-term pipelines and issuance levels. I don't think that, that is going to remain a story for the full year. And I would expect that we're going to see -- continue to see good activity in the Yankee market, as Linda mentioned. But also, with -- I think, with the realization that interest rates in the U.S. may not be moving as far, as fast as people had feared, will bring some more stability to the emerging market side of the equation.
Linda S. Huber: Patrick, it's Linda. I think, as I had mentioned in the earlier remarks, the elevation in the VIX and various other things has resulted in the U.S. rates coming in about 30 basis points, which is attractive for issuers. So we'll see how that is viewed. But we thought that the markets might be waiting for some of this end-of-year data before issuers take another step, but we will see how things pan out as we move through February.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then, second question for me. So I think, there's been a number of articles these last few days about the Volcker Rule and its impact on CLOs, and it certainly looks like the CLO market has dried up a little bit. But from your commentary, it sounds like the leveraged loan market still remains pretty robust. So can you just provide some commentary on your level of concern about how the Volcker Rule is impacting CLOs and what the banks can hold and how you see things playing out there?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes, I mean, I think, we have seen a market reaction, both in terms of the pull forward of CLO activity and quite a bit of debate about how the Volcker Rule will ultimately impact this market. I'm pretty optimistic that a resolution is going to be found that is going to allow banks to continue to issue CLOs and to have the treatment of that economically work for them in terms of what's on the balance sheet. The commentary from policymakers and regulatory officials, I think, has recognized that challenge and they're looking for a solution that's not going to be disruptive to the market.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: All right. That's helpful. And then, last one for me. Just on your fourth quarter repurchases, did about $145 million to get to $893 million for the year. Obviously, it came in a little bit below your $1 billion guidance. Was there something about the market conditions in the fourth quarter that slowed the pace or what was going on with that?
Linda S. Huber: Sure. It's Linda. As we've talked about before, we put in place our repurchase grid shortly after we give the previous quarter's earnings. So we have to do that during a window period. And our stock price, we were very fortunate, had a rather dramatic increase in the fourth quarter. So we didn't get as much done as we wanted to, but we'll take another look as we move through this period and see how we do for 2014.
Operator: Next is Tim McHugh with William Blair & Company.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just want to ask a few about Moody's Analytics. To start with, I guess, the RD&A part, I know you said it was kind of high retention and strong new sales. But can you give us any more color on what type of products? Are there new products? I guess, what's driving the strong new sales right now, and anything you've done or what's behind it just to know if it's sustainable.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Sure. I'm going to turn this over to Mark Almeida.
Mark E. Almeida: In the RD&A business, we've seen good sales volume really across the product portfolio. Demand continues to be very strong for the rating agency, research and data, which are the biggest pieces of the business. So when they do well, the RD&A segment does well. We've also seen good new sales production in the economics business, particularly in the fourth quarter. So I think that, overall, there's just been very good demand for what we're doing in the business. We've done a bit of new product innovation and have introduced a couple of new ways of delivering our content in a packaged way. So that's helped as well. But the retention has really been quite strong. And given the size of the business, that's very, very beneficial.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. Great. And then, my only other question here, ERS, you gave a commentary about U.S. versus international revenue, I guess, which can be lumpy. But if we looked at the bookings numbers or trailing sales numbers that you gave, are you -- is there a similar distinction between U.S. versus international performance? Or was that just the timing of revenue recognition for that business?
Mark E. Almeida: No, it's entirely a timing phenomenon there. The sales production is much more consistent from region to region. But the revenue results are -- can be wildly different because they're driven by what projects get done and when they get completed. And so we just had a number of very large projects that got completed in the fourth quarter in the U.S. And by contrast, in the fourth quarter last year, we had some very big projects outside the U.S. getting done. So as you said, purely a timing phenomenon.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess one more if I could, I forgot, I may have missed it, but can you tell us what the incentive comp was for the quarter?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Sure.
Linda S. Huber: Sure. Let me take that out. Incentive compensation for the quarter was $47 million, and that was down from about $60 million in this quarter last year. The actual change was $12.7 million. So while we had a good and strong fourth quarter, it was not as strong as last year's fourth quarter where we had to catch up a bit on our incentive compensation.
Operator: And we'll go to Doug Arthur with Evercore.
Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Yes, a couple -- you made a couple of comments about expanded headcount going into '14. Linda, is there any numbers you can give around that?
Linda S. Huber: Sure. Happy to do that. We're looking at -- for 2013, we had a headcount increase of about 9% for the previous year, and that excluded the acquisition that we had done with Amba. So looking to 2014, we're looking at sort of a similar rate of headcount increase. But one of the things that we're noting is that about 80% of that increase is to the lines of business, in other words, not the support function. So that 80% ratio is important. We're looking to make sure that the businesses are appropriately staffed for the investments we're making and the strong growth that we've seen.
Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. And then, just one follow-up on revenues. I think the press release implied that 40 -- roughly 43% of MIS revenues in the quarter were international. When you look specifically at the corporate finance where international was particularly strong, is it a similar percent there or is it slightly higher?
Linda S. Huber: Sure. For the corporate finance line for Q4 of 2013, international was 39% of the total, and U.S. was 61% of the total for the fourth quarter 2013. And the year's numbers, the percentages look about the same.
Operator: And next is Edward Atorino with Benchmark.
Edward J. Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: My questions have been answered.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll now go to Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just wanted to try and understand the operating expense guidance that you gave by division and maybe more specifically, I guess, the skew with the contribution of Amba. Like how should we think about what the incremental expense contribution there would be on the MA side?
Linda S. Huber: Sure, Manav. You may not be too happy with this answer, but I think we're going to stick with our mid single-digit, and you can probably infer from what I said regarding the headcount numbers that we're looking to have the stronger growth rates in expense be in the operating division lines, which we think is appropriate to drive the growth. But we'd rather not get into that level of detail, if that's okay.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Fair enough. And then, I guess, in terms of the issuance by plan, et cetera, that you guys see. I mean, I think, last year, you're taking a shot at sort of the initial quarterly phasing maybe of how that might play out, would you care to take a shot at that now?
Raymond W. McDaniel: I think the revenue pattern, which is going to relate to the issuance pattern, is going to be similar to what we saw in 2013 with relatively stronger quarters in the second and fourth quarter. That is a typical pattern. It has not been consistently followed in recent years but it has been a pattern we've seen historically, and we are anticipating that 2014 is going to look somewhat like 2013 in terms of that sawtooth.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then last one for me. I guess, you don't have any slide on any regulatory or any other update. Nothing to report there, basically?
Raymond W. McDaniel: No. We are in the process of being inspected and reviewed, examined by regulators in different jurisdictions around the world. We've gone through significant effort to make sure that we are complying with new rules and regulations, and those are largely complete, although not fully complete and we'll have to continue to develop some new compliance programs. But it's nothing that, I think, is at the policy level at this point. It's really more about inspections, examinations and compliance.
Operator: And we'll go to Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: I've got some housekeeping questions here first. Linda, this 33% tax rate guidance for 2014, can you just give us a further update, why it's come up roughly 150 basis points?
Linda S. Huber: Sure, Craig. We did extraordinarily well on the tax rate in 2013, and we had some things, that we don't expect to repeat, break our way. Predicting the effective tax rate is one of the hardest things that we do because at this point in the year, the tax rate is difficult to forecast because we have some tax law changes that are said to be happening, and they are in flux. So for example, there are 2 pieces in the U.S. that you might want to look up. One is the extension of look-through provisions and the second is R&D tax credits, both of those at the present time are not expected to be extended in the U.S. Now that may change. That has changed in previous years. But we're taking a conservative view, and we're planning that those 2 factors will not be extended. So those things, along with a couple of other factors, are causing us to ask you to look at an effective tax rate of 33% for 2014. We understand that's up from 2013, and we'll continue to work on it in our usual conservative manner. But that's what we're working with right now, and we can only plan for the best that we know.
Craig Huber: And then, also, I was just wondering, your thoughts here, Ray or Linda, as you know, your main competitor, S&P's transaction revenues were down about 12% in the quarter. Yours were down about 5.5%. Do you guys view that as just noise or is there's some market share you're picking that you want to really highlight here?
Raymond W. McDaniel: We've had some improvements in market share, for example, in European structured finance. But their -- I can only speak to our numbers. I wouldn't speak to our competitors. And trying to look at this on a longer term basis, though, I think we have to look at the mix, both geographically and by security type, and areas where we are traditionally strong are more active in certain quarters than in others and vice versa. So it does take some time to try and get through the noise. And so I would -- I'm cautious about predicting any long-term trends out of this.
Craig Huber: A couple of more questions, please. Can you just give us an update on the legal front, particularly the Calpers case, please?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Not a lot to report on the Calpers case. The matter is still in the California courts. We filed an appeal, a court appeal, seeking a reversal of the lower court decision denying our motion to dismiss under this anti-SLAPP statute. And the briefing on the appeal was completed a few months ago, and we don't know when the case will be argued or decided at this point.
Craig Huber: My last question. Linda, can you just help break apart the revenues, a little finer detail here within your ratings business. Like within corporate finance, for example, can you break out the percentages or dollars for high-yield versus bank loans and also the other 3 large categories, please?
Linda S. Huber: Sure, Craig. So what we're looking at here is fourth quarter of 2013 as compared to the fourth quarter of '12, and I'll start with the corporate finance line, as you asked for, Craig. So investment grade, it was 23% of the total CFG line, which was about $243 million. The high yield portion of 2014's revenue was 21% or $50 million, which is down from 24% in 2012. Bank loans were at 20%, which is the same as last year, and other was 37%, up a bit from last year's 34%. Moving on to the other lines of business now, turning to structured finance, asset-backed securities, 25% of structured revenue line of about $109 million for the fourth quarter of 2013, that was down a bit from last year's 28%. RMBS was 19% of structured revenues for the fourth quarter, that's flat to last year. Commercial real estate finance was 32%, up from last year's 28%. We had spoken about that earlier. And structured credit, what's also known as derivatives, was 24% of that total, about flat to last year's 25%. Going on to financial institutions, about $89 million of revenue for the fourth quarter of 2013. And banking was about 71% of that total or about $64 million. That was down a bit from last year's 73%. Insurance was 22% of the number, flat to last year's 22%, and managed investments was 6% of the total, which was up a bit from last year's 5%. Moving on last to public project and infrastructure, total number for the quarter was about $83 million. Public finance and sovereign, 43% or $35 million, which was down from last year's 47%. Munis was about 5% of the total, down a bit from last year's 6%. And project and infrastructure, as we have noted, at about $43 million, up to 52% of the total, down from last year's -- excuse me, up from last year's 47%.
Craig Huber: If I could just ask one follow-up there. The sovereign piece of that public finance and sovereign line, how insignificant right now, I guess, for the full year was sovereign?
Linda S. Huber: I think, we...
Raymond W. McDaniel: We don't disclose the dollar figures but it's small.
Linda S. Huber: Yes, I think, a few percent, Craig, is what we've said before. It's frankly not particularly material.
Operator: And we'll go to Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Real quick. I guess, only a couple of follow-ups. On the guidance, I think, the one thing to dig in a little bit, if you may, on the structured side, obviously, that's the lowest growth and you talked about it a little bit. Is it just conservatism and considering that, that business has been so lumpy and so uncertain, I mean, there's been times when we thought they were green shoots and then markets like RMBS kind of collapsed again, and maybe more recently, it's like ABS has been a little bit more in demand. Can you just talk about what you're seeing out there, what we should be looking for and if there is a resurgence like where you expect it to come and what we should be looking for?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, I guess, to answer the beginning part of your question, I hope our guidance is conservative on structured. And there are a lot of uncertainties, as we talked about earlier, what happens with CLOs from a regulatory perspective, what is going to happen with the residential mortgage-backed securities market and its pace of growth. The European market, which has been very soft and whether that's going to experience a recovery in 2014. There are some good reasons to believe that each of these can break in a favorable way, but they remain uncertainties at this point. And then, I guess, the last item I'd just point to is actually the economics of doing these transactions, which can be subject to interest rates and spreads between high-grade and lower-grade securities. So there is just an economics question in terms of when it's attractive to issue these securities.
Linda S. Huber: Alex, it's Linda. I'd also continue to point out that, as we said, the greatest strength we're seeing is in the commercial real estate line, which had moved up nicely in the fourth quarter. And also, REITs. So those are the places where we're seeing strength. As you pointed out, RMBS is, for the fourth quarter, is about flat from last year. And it would probably be fair if we ask Michel if he had anything further that he could add that Ray and I have not mentioned.
Michel A. Madelain: Nothing much. I think, you covered pretty much -- the other place where we see some potential improvement is ABS in Europe basically, is one place but...
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then, maybe just lastly, just to come back on the tax rate and maybe it's not a fair question but, I mean, obviously -- the incremental color there but if I think about your guidance and you're looking at stronger growth next year, or this year, in outside of the U.S. And I think about tax rate changes in the U.K. for example, rates are going down. And then, in general, rates seem to be lower outside of the U.S. Shouldn't conceptually that still be a helpful driver? Or do you think you've exhausted all those opportunities already?
Linda S. Huber: Well, Alex, we're going to continue to work hard on it and look region-by-region at what we can do. On the tax rate, again, we take a conservative approach to this. I spoke a little bit about some of the U.S. things that are pending but for right now, we don't have an extension of previous provisions. In Europe, we do see some countervailing trends. There have been changes in the U.K., which have been -- had the result of moving things up a bit in terms of rates in the U.K., so you might want to take a look at that. But again, if we have progress on the tax line and if we have a change to the estimated tax rate, we will be happy to tell you about that in future quarter calls if we get that. But again, we understand that this is an important factor. If you look at the difference, it looks like it will cost us about $0.12 in EPS, and we're mindful that, that is a change that's not helpful. But we'll continue to work at it, as we said.
Operator: And we'll now go to Hamzah Mazari with Crédit Suisse.
Hamzah Mazari - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a question, Ray, on how you're thinking about M&A and whether your pipeline going into '14 is stronger versus '13. It seems like there are a lot more assets out on the market. Maybe give us a sense of what your feel is there?
Raymond W. McDaniel: I think, our internal pipeline would look similar in 2014 to 2013. We've talked about this before. We look at a lot of potential opportunities and we're very -- we think we're very vigorous in the assets that we actually choose to pursue. And I've said before also, I think the likelihood of doing something transformative is relatively low. So we would be looking more for assets that have the kind of size and synergies that we've seen with our recent acquisitions, whether it's Amba, Copal or going back a couple of years to some of the acquisitions we made in the enterprise risk solutions business.
Hamzah Mazari - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's very helpful. Just a quick follow-up, I'll turn it over. Could you maybe compare your competitive positioning and exposure within the U.S. versus the European structured finance market?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Sure. And I'll ask Michel to offer his views on this. We -- at a high level, we have a very good position in both markets. There are areas where we have traditionally been stronger and that includes commercial mortgage-backed securities, CLOs, the residential mortgage-backed securities market in Europe. And so you can see where we're strong and the markets are active, we obviously benefit from that. Conversely, European RMBS, which has been quite dormant, especially in the U.K., is an area where, if it were more active, I think, the strength we have in that market would come and help our top line certainly. Michel, did you want to...
Michel A. Madelain: No. I mean, only point I would add is covered bonds [ph] mainly where, so we have a very strong position and [indiscernible] have been very soft lately and we benefit or gain from [indiscernible].
Operator: And we'll now go to Andre Benjamin with Goldman Sachs.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First question, I mentioned in your current views on the opportunity to rate debt in Asia. How much of the international revenue did that account for in 2013? And do you have any view on where that could go based on either the macro or a conversation that you're having with clients in the region?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes, our -- the -- our Asian revenue is still relatively small. It is -- I'll put out a number and my colleagues will correct me. I think it's about 13% of our total. And it's an area of growth, but it's an area where disintermediation has been lagging behind what we've seen in Europe and certainly the United States. So we've got good opportunities there. They are multiple types of opportunities, though, some of it on the ratings side of the business. And in the ratings side of the business, some of it in domestic markets such as Korea, China, India, and obviously, the cross-border markets as large firms in those countries access the international bond markets. We also have good opportunities in Moody's Analytics in the Asian markets, both with research, and in particular, with our enterprise risk solutions business. Do we have a number on that?
Linda S. Huber: Yes, we've got the -- for the overall corporation for the year, Ray's right, we're looking at low double-digits for international growth. And in terms of what we're seeing with the 2 businesses, I think, we might invite Michel and maybe Mark to speak a bit more about that, if they'd like to.
Michel A. Madelain: Yes, in Asia for us, corporate finance is really where we see the biggest opportunity and the biggest growth. And actually, last -- this year, we've seen among the highest growth rate in the business in that region actually. So that's all I have.
Mark E. Almeida: In MA, I would just -- I'd endorse what Ray said. It's a good market for us. And in particular, the research business in Asia has picked up nicely in 2013. Still relatively small scale but very healthy growth rate. So that's very good to see, very profitable business.
Linda S. Huber: So Andre, I think, in total, we're looking at 9% revenue growth for the company and we've just said low double-digits, you might infer that Asia is growing a little bit more rapidly on the whole across the businesses than maybe we're seeing in some of the other regions. But again, I would caution that's coming off of a small number, as Ray had said.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And any light that you'd be able to shed on what gives you confidence that the public project and infrastructure finance business is going to grow high single-digit next year? I know we just came off the first down quarter in some time, it's been pretty strong previously. Is it just the macro trends or is there something else specific that you're seeing in the pipeline?
Michel A. Madelain: What you have in that segment is really several businesses with very different dynamics. You have U.S. public finance, where we actually expect to continue to see a contraction of volumes this year. And this is offset by positive development in infrastructure and project outside of the U.S., similar to what we've seen this year.
Linda S. Huber: And Andre, going from memory, oftentimes, U.S. municipalities have to get their budgets in order. So I think, traditionally, we see that business is stronger toward the middle of the year than in the first quarter, so that's a trend we'll have to watch as well.
Operator: And at this time, I'd like to turn the conference back to Ray McDaniel for any additional or closing remarks.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Okay. Thank you very much. I just want to mention that on Tuesday, September 30, we'll be hosting our Annual Investor Day. It will be at our headquarters here in lower Manhattan. More information will be available on the Investor Relations website as we get closer to the event. So thank you all for joining the call today, and we look forward to speaking to you again in April.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes Moody's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year End 2013 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 p.m. Eastern time on Moody's website. Thank you, and have a great day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-25 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Salli Schwartz - Global Head of Investor Relations and Vice President of Investor Relations Raymond W. McDaniel - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director, Member of MIS Committee and Member of Enterprise-Wide Risk Committee Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark E. Almeida - President of Moody’s Analytics Michel A. Madelain - President of Moody's Investors Service Inc and Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investors Service Inc
Analysts: Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Craig Huber Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Edward J. Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Salli Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's third quarter results for 2013. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the third quarter of 2013. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, President and Chief Executive Officer of Moody's Corporation, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody's Corporation. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission's website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on this call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Thanks, Salli. Good morning, and thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's third quarter 2013 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. Although we have been providing regulatory updates each quarter, at this time, we have no material changes to report. Therefore, after Linda's comments, I will finish by noting our outlook for the remainder of 2013. After our prepared remarks, we will be happy to respond to your questions. Third quarter revenue of $706 million increased 2% over the third quarter of 2012. We're pleased to have achieved growth despite volatile market conditions and challenging comparisons to the prior year period, which, at the time, was a record quarter. Operating expenses for the third quarter were $414 million, a 1% decline from the third quarter of 2012. Operating income for the third quarter was $292 million, an 8% increase from the prior year period. Adjusted operating income, defined as operating income less depreciation and amortization, was $315 million, up 7% from the same period last year. Diluted earnings per share of $0.83 increased 2% from the third quarter of 2012 GAAP EPS of $0.81, and 11% from non-GAAP EPS of $0.75 in the prior year period, which excludes the $0.06 per share legacy tax benefit. As we're approaching the end of the year, we have refined our 2013 EPS guidance to $3.51 to $3.57. Turning to year-to-date performance. Revenue for the first 9 months of 2013 was $2.2 billion, an 11% increase from the first 9 months of 2012. Revenue at Moody's Investors Service was $1.5 billion for the first 9 months of 2013, an increase of 12% from a year ago. Moody's Analytics revenue of $657 million was 8% higher than the prior year period. Operating expenses for the first 9 months of 2013 were $1.3 billion, up 10% from 2012. Operating income of $923 million increased 13% from $817 million in 2012. Adjusted operating income was $993 million, a 12% increase from the prior year period. Operating expenses, operating margin and adjusted operating margin for the first 9 months all include our first quarter litigation settlement charge. Diluted earnings per share of $2.66 for the first 9 months of 2013, which includes the litigation settlement charge of $0.14, increased 14% from $2.34 in the first 9 months of 2012. Excluding the litigation settlement charge in the first quarter of 2013 and the legacy tax benefit in the third quarter of 2012, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.80 for the first 9 months of 2013 grew 23% from $2.28 for the same period in 2012. I'll now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Linda S. Huber: Thanks, Ray. I'll begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody's total revenue for the quarter increased 2% to $706 million. Foreign currency translation for the quarter was negligible. U.S. third quarter revenue increased 3% to $391 million, while revenue outside the U.S. grew 1% to $315 million and represented 45% of Moody's total revenue for the quarter. Relationship revenue grew 9% to $376 million and represented 53% of total revenue, up from 50% in the prior year period. Looking now at each of our businesses, starting with Moody's Investors Service. Total MIS revenue for the quarter was $478 million, up 1% from the prior year period. U.S. MIS revenue of $290 million was flat to the prior year period. MIS revenue generated outside the U.S. of $188 million increased 2% and represented 39% of total ratings revenue. The impact of foreign currency translation on MIS revenues was negligible. Moving now to the lines of business for MIS. First, global corporate finance revenue in the third quarter increased 6% from the year-ago period to $233 million. In the U.S., increased revenue from bank loan ratings and monitoring fees was offset by declines in revenue from investment grade and high yield bond ratings, resulting in flat revenue year-over-year. Non-U.S. revenue was up 18%, driven by high yield and bank loan ratings in EMEA, offset by declines in investment grade. Second, global structured finance revenue for the third quarter was $84 million, a decline of 10% from the prior year period. In the U.S., revenue increased 3% year-over-year, primarily due to commercial real estate issuance. Non-U.S. structured finance revenue was down 27% against the prior year period, primarily reflecting weaker issuance volumes across the regions outside the U.S. Third, global financial institutions revenue of $79 million decreased 5% from the same quarter of 2012. U.S. and non-U.S. revenue declined 3% and 6%, respectively, primarily from the decline in activity by funds and smaller banking institutions. Fourth, global public, project and infrastructure finance revenue rose 7% year-over-year to $83 million. U.S. and non-U.S. revenue were up 1% and 20%, respectively, from the prior year period, primarily due to gains in infrastructure finance globally, largely offset in the U.S. by the impact of lower public finance issuance. Turning now to Moody's Analytics. Global revenue for Moody's Analytics of $227 million was up 6% from the third quarter of 2012. 100% of the revenue growth in MA was organic as we've not made any recent acquisitions. U.S. revenue grew by 14% year-over-year to $101 million. Non-U.S. revenue of $127 million was flat and represented 56% of total Moody's Analytics revenue. The impact of foreign currency translation on MA revenue was negligible. And moving now to the lines of business for MA. First, global research, data and analytics, or RD&A, revenue of $134 million increased 8% from the prior year period and represented 59% of total MA revenue. Our customer retention rate remains strong in the mid-90s percent range, and we continue to see solid demand for MA's research offerings. RD&A U.S. revenue was up 10% and non-U.S. revenue was up 5% as compared to the third quarter of 2012. Second, global enterprise risk solutions, or ERS, revenue of $64 million grew 1% against a strong prior year period. ERS revenue was up 26% in the U.S., while non-U.S. revenue declined 9% against the same period last year. As we have previously noted, ERS revenue remains subject to quarterly volatility due to the variable nature of project timing and completion. It is important to note that on a trailing 12-month basis, revenue and sales for ERS have increased 15% and 20%, respectively. Third, global professional services revenue grew 10% to $29 million, reflecting solid growth in revenue from Copal Partners, partially offset by softness in the training and certification business. U.S. and non-U.S. revenue increased 21% and 6%, respectively, year-over-year. Finally, looking at MA's revenue on a subscription basis, which includes RD&A plus subscription products within ERS, was up 8% for the third quarter of 2013. Turning now to expenses for the corporation. Moody's third quarter expenses declined 1% to $414 million compared to the third quarter of 2012, primarily due to lower incentive compensation, partially offset by increased headcount and higher technology expenses. The translation of foreign currency had a negative impact of 1% on operating expenses for the quarter. Moody's reported operating margin for the quarter was 41.3%, up from 39.2% in the third quarter of 2012, an expansion of 210 basis points. Adjusted operating margin was 44.6% for the quarter, up from 42.7% for the same period last year, an expansion of 190 basis points over last year. Moody's effective tax rate for the quarter was 29.1% compared with 29.5% for the prior year period. Next, I'll provide an update on capital allocation. During the third quarter of 2013, Moody's repurchased 6.2 million shares at a total cost of $397 million and issued 855,000 shares under employee stock-based compensation plan. Outstanding shares as of September 30, 2013, totaled 215.1 million, down 3% from the year earlier. At the end of the third quarter, Moody's had $930 million of share repurchase authority remaining under its current program. Year-to-date, Moody's has repurchased 12.2 million shares at a total cost of $748 million or an average price per share of $61.37. As of September 30, Moody's had $2.1 billion of outstanding debt and $1 billion of additional debt capacity available under our revolving credit facility. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of September 30, 2013 were $2 billion, an increase of $504 million from a year earlier, primarily reflecting Moody's August 2013 bond offering of $500 million of senior unsecured notes, from which we now incur approximately $6 million of incremental interest expense per quarter. Cash holdings outside of -- maintained outside of the U.S. at the end of the third quarter were $1.2 billion or approximately 58% of total cash holdings. Free cash flow of $623 million for the first 9 months of 2013 increased $162 million or 35% from a year ago. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Ray.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Thank you, Linda. I'll now discuss our full year guidance for 2013 and then make some closing remarks. Moody's outlook for 2013 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, corporate profitability, business investment spending, mergers and acquisition activity, consumer borrowing and securitization and the amount of debt issued. There's an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions and if actual conditions differ, Moody's results for the year may differ materially from the current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. As I mentioned earlier, we are -- as we're approaching the end of the year, we have refined our 2013 EPS guidance to a range of $3.51 to $3.57. For Moody's overall, the company still expects full year 2013 revenue to grow in the high-single-digit percent range. Full year 2013 operating expenses are still projected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Full year 2013 operating margin is still projected to be 41% to 42%, and adjusted operating margin for the year is still expected to be 44% to 45%. Guidance ranges for operating expenses, operating margin and adjusted operating margin all include the first quarter 2013 litigation settlement charge. The effective tax rate is now expected to be approximately 31%. Full year 2013 total share repurchases are still expected to be approximately $1 billion, subject to available cash, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decisions. Capital expenditures are still projected to be approximately $50 million. We still expect approximately $100 million in depreciation and amortization expense. Incremental compliance and regulatory expense is now expected to be $5 million to $10 million. Free cash flow is still expected to be approximately $850 million. We have modified certain components of 2013 guidance to reflect the company's current view of business conditions. For the global MIS business, revenue for full year 2013 is still expected to increase in the high-single-digit percent range. U.S. MIS revenue is still expected to increase in the high-single-digit percent range, while non-U.S. MIS revenue is now expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Corporate finance revenue is now projected to grow in the mid-teens percent range. Revenue from structured finance is still expected to decrease in the low-single-digit percent range, while revenue from financial institutions is still expected to grow in the low-single-digit percent range. Public, project and infrastructure finance revenue is now expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. For MA, full year 2013 revenue is still expected to increase in the high-single-digit percent range. Within the U.S., MA revenue is still expected to increase in the low-double-digit percent range. Non-U.S. revenue is still expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Revenue from research, data and analytics is still projected to grow in the high-single-digit percent range, while revenue for enterprise risk solutions is now also expected to grow in the high-single-digit percent range. Professional services revenue is now expected to grow in the mid-single-digit percent range. In closing, I would like to point out a few additional positive developments at Moody's. Moody's Investors Service was once again voted the Best Credit-Rating Agency in a 2013 poll of U.S. fixed income investors conducted by the well-known publisher Institutional Investor. MIS was also was also named Asia's Most Influential Rating Agency in a similar poll conducted by the publisher FinanceAsia. Additionally, Moody's Analytics ranked first in economic capital calculation management and second in regulatory capital calculation management in the 2013 Asia Risk Technology awards. I appreciate the market's recognition of our efforts, and I applaud the accomplishments of both the MIS and MA businesses. This concludes our prepared remarks. Joining us for the question-and-answer session are Michel Madelain, President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investor Service; and Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics. We'd be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just maybe starting with the outlook a little bit here. I mean, obviously, you have pretty tight guidance, but that, obviously, gives us a little bit to work with here. But talk a little bit more of what's going on in the ratings business. I mean, we had a very slow October start. We had like, obviously, some debt ceiling issues and government shutdown. So maybe you can talk a little bit about what you're hearing when you talk to desks. Is there pent-up demand that's coming back? Obviously, the 10-year has moved a lot. So maybe a little bit more than you usually discuss given what's been going on in October.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Sure. I'll offer some introductory comments and then my colleagues may wish to add some color. As you described, we had a period in early October where there was pretty significant disruption associated with the debt ceiling and budget negotiations that were going on in Washington. So we did not see a lot of activity here in the U.S. That has more recently shifted. We have seen strong bond issuance and good pipelines building. Investment-grade issuance here in the U.S. in particular has been strong. I'd note that in Europe, in the third quarter and into the fourth, the bank loan market and high yield markets were strong. And so the -- some of the disruption that we saw in the U.S. has not had a significant impact on the European side. That being said, some of the issues that we've seen in structured finance in Europe in terms of very low volumes continue. And we don't really expect a big jump in that in the fourth quarter. Let me see if Linda has any other comment she'd like to add to this.
Linda S. Huber: Yes, Alex. First, looking at investment-grade issuance. A lot of the points that you made were right on. This week, we heard issuance expected at $25 billion. And for Q4, projections are around $175 billion, but they seem to be moving upward a bit. As you said, the 10-year has been through 2.5%. Today, it's bouncing around that level. So it's looking like the full year projections for investment grade will be about flat to 2012 to possibly up 5%. There is a piece in The Wall Street Journal today talking about low rates bring bond bonanza. So we'll see about that. The state of the market is good. The pipelines are good. Investors and issuers, I'm told, are relatively calm. And to the recent unexpected drop in rates provided issuers with a good opportunistic window. Headwinds and tailwinds, we continue to deal with the issue of the debt ceiling, as you had mentioned, which has been pushed out. But that also results in there being less clarity on what the Fed will do regarding tapering. We spoke to a lot of sources, both in the firm and outside the firm. It looks like the median view right now is that tapering won't begin until March of next year, although there is some dispersion around when that will happen. Tailwinds include the rally in rates and a lot of discussions right now on opportunistic refinancings and some pickups in the M&A rate. So again, pipeline looks pretty good. For high yield, we're still seeing high yield through 6%, below 6%, which is good. October projections of $25 billion. Quarter projections of $60 billion. And looks like last year will be up slightly -- this year will be up slightly from last year, which was about $350 billion in issuance. Market fundamentals are described as strong and expectation is that rates will be lower for longer than expected. Leveraged loans are really the star of the show. For October, $20 billion to date. October projection of $30 billion and quarterly projection of $70 billion. What's really interesting is the full year projection is $600 billion for leveraged loans, which is fully twice, 200% of what it was last year. The market's been strong all year. And it looks like things are continuing on that front. So all in all, pretty good pipeline, rates breaking unexpectedly lower, and we'll have to see what happens from here. And I'll ask if anyone else had any further comments on that.
Raymond W. McDaniel: I think that's it.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, that's pretty thorough. But you just mentioned in terms of the uncertainty being out there, when I think about your business in particular from the margin perspective, Linda, maybe you can talk a little bit more about where we are in terms of, what you've accrued for the year? How that's been running relative to expectations? I think we've had prior years where the fourth quarter has been really strong and then that certainly has been impacting comps. So where are we right now? And like, kind of what's the environment? A maybe like the up a couple of percent, down a couple of percent and how that would be impacting the margin, if you know what I'm trying to get at.
Linda S. Huber: Yes, I do. You've got many questions in there. So let me try to -- I think I just want to start it out with incentive compensation first. And good to note that, yes, the margin has expanded 210 basis points third quarter this year over last year, which is, we think, pretty phenomenal progress. I think your point is right, Alex. Much of this is coming from the difference in incentive compensation. 2012 was a very strong year, and the third quarter, as Ray explained, was a record quarter at that time. For the third quarter of last year, we had to put up about $130 million of incentive compensation and profit-sharing by that point. This year, unfortunately, we have no profit-sharing to date, and we've put up about $100 million in incentive compensation for this year. So that number is down by 22%. At the pace at which we're running and given the expectations we've just outlined, it does not appear that we will have profit-sharing for this year. And last year, that was about $12 million. So we have previously guided that incentive compensation should be about flattish over the course of this year. We had guided to around $35 million a quarter, and we still think that makes sense. So we are seeing the difference in incentive compensation and profit-sharing really driving this, and that is a considerable difference versus last year.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That's great. Just if I can squeeze in one last one, a very brief one. On the fixed side, that surprised me a little bit. And I think you spoke to it a little bit from the funds and I think something in Europe. But we usually look at this as a very stable kind of recurring business, so any shift there? Was this kind of like an unusual occurrence this quarter? Or how should we be thinking about that business in particular? That's it for me.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Now the banking was soft compared to the third quarter of last year, but it was not because of a shift this year. It was rather that last year, we had an usual amount of activity from smaller regional banks, especially in Europe, following some supportive comments that had come out of the ECB in July of last year. So there was more transaction revenue in Q3 of 2012 than we would normally associate with the FIG business.
Operator: We'll move next to William Bird [ph] with FBR.
Unknown Analyst: Ray, I was wondering if you could talk about just how you think about putting cash to work for greater buybacks. And then Linda, you touched on ERS lumpiness. Were the factors that depressed growth, were those temporary factors?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, with respect to use of cash, the first priority is investment back into what we believe will be profitable opportunities, whether it's organically in the existing businesses or through acquisitions that we think are strategically aligned with the direction of the business. As you know, we are disciplined about M&A activity. And so we have periods where we are not active. We have not acquired anything in over 7 quarters now. So that allows us to return capital to shareholders. We have guided to $1 billion in share repurchase for this year. We believe that we are on target to do that. And we have also increased our dividend. And we intend to maintain that balance, as I think Linda has discussed before.
Linda S. Huber: Yes, Bill. As we said on the call, 12.2 million shares bought in so far this year at an average price of $61.37. We're pretty happy about that, and we will continue on our pace here. Regarding ERS, and I'll invite Mark Almeida to comment afterward. I think the comparison might have been viewed as light because last year's third quarter was unusually strong for ERS. And again, we say it on every call, this is a lumpy business. We really mean that. We have variability from quarter to quarter. I did note, and I'm sure Mark may point to it again, that the trailing 12-month numbers are, in fact, are very strong. And so I think that pretty much sets it out, but I'm sure Mark may have some more color.
Mark E. Almeida: Yes, that's exactly right, Linda. The whole issue here is one of the timing of project completion and associated revenue recognition. We have pretty good visibility into what projects are coming toward completion and will trigger revenue recognition events. And as she said, there's a lot of lumpiness associated with that. But you're quite right, sales growth is very strong. Trailing 12-month sales are up 20%, running well ahead of revenue growth. So I think we're setting ourselves up for very healthy revenue growth in ERS over the longer term, but we are going to have this kind of variability over shorter periods.
Operator: We'll move next to Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: So Ray, you guys have grown -- the MIS business has grown considerably faster than some of your competitors for the last couple of years. And I'm just noticing in the current quarter, you're growing a little bit slower. Anything we should read into that from a market share perspective?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, I guess the first thing I would direct you to rather than the year-on-year is the sequential second quarter to third quarter. And there you see that for the ratings businesses, the move in revenue between Moody's and our principal competitor is identical. So really, what we're looking at is the fact that we had a very strong Q3 of 2012, and we were working off of a number in 2012 that had produced higher growth than our competitors.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Fair enough. Second, you talked at the Investor Day very confidently about the prospect for roughly 10% long-term growth. The comp in '14, obviously, is pretty challenging. So do you have any preliminary thoughts on how we should think about how '14 might play out?
Raymond W. McDaniel: No. I think we're going to wait and talk about 2014 later in the year. We, obviously, are paying attention to the macroeconomic conditions, looking for self-sustaining growth here in the U.S., looking at developments in Washington and whether longer-term solutions can be put in place so that we don't have to revisit what we were looking at in early October every 3 months for 2014. And I would hope and expect to be able to comment on that more definitively as we get to the new year.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: That might imply though that the -- well, obviously, the comp is tougher in the first half of the year and the political stuff will be an overhang in the first half. So I guess the implication might be that first half a little more challenging than second half?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, it -- well, the comps are challenging -- will be challenging in the first half of 2014. But again, there are a lot of moving parts. We've seen some more positive news coming out of Europe more recently. The movement in rates in the U.S. has been favorable, and the discussion about when the taper begins has been pushed out by economists and commentators. So again, I think it would be premature for me to try and make predictions on this and provide a 2014 outlook, but that's what we have our eyes on.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Sure, great. And then last thing, the -- anything new you can talk about in terms of the legal environment?
Raymond W. McDaniel: No. There have not been a lot of developments in the litigation environment. The cases that we are still dealing with, none of those are set for trial, and we are continuing the process of seeking dismissals. And we will update you, of course, when there is any news.
Operator: We'll go next to Doug Arthur with Evercore.
Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Two questions. Linda, just a clarification. Did you say that based on the sources you cited on the outlook for issuance in the fourth quarter, you were looking for $175 billion of investment grade, and then that would be flattish? Is that what you said?
Linda S. Huber: I did say $175 billion. I don't have '12 in front of me. I think that, that may actually be a little bit lower than last year, but I did say that -- the comments on that number had sort of been moving a little bit more to the upside. So I think probably everybody should recheck this next week when companies come out of blackout and look up and see that the 10-year is still in a very attractive place, around 2.5%.
Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Yes, no doubt. Okay. And then, Ray, you touched on the sequential drop in the ratings Q3 over Q2. Now in most years, not every year, you have a fairly strong sequential pickup in the fourth quarter, which I assume is somewhat tied to kind of the year end balance sheet activity at companies, particularly in the structured market. Do you sense that normal seasonality will occur again, notwithstanding tough comps or not? Or is the seasonality theory wrong?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, I don't think it's wrong, but we have seen some conditions that caused the seasonal patterns that we might naturally expect to see to not show up in some recent quarters. Now the third quarter did behave more like we would expect seasonally. Whereas last year, our third quarter was actually our second strongest quarter, and that is quite unusual. The -- what I think we're anticipating for the fourth quarter though is some offsetting conditions. We have rates back down. That's a positive. We see good pipelines in the corporate area. That's, obviously, a positive. On the other hand, with rates having been low throughout this year, some issuers that might have normally issued in the fourth quarter are going to have pulled their issuance forward into the earlier quarters this year. So we, as you can tell from our guidance, we are not expecting a big increase in revenues for the remainder of the year on a year-on-year comparison basis. But things don't look bad either. So it's -- the commentary is a set of offsetting conditions.
Operator: We'll move next to Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Let me -- I want to ask you 2 questions on -- just on the cost side. I mean, clearly, on the -- in MIS at least in the expense side, you guys seem to have done a pretty good job of controlling that. I was wondering if there's anything specific this quarter, maybe why it was down nicely year-over-year. And looking forward, how should we think about that run rate?
Linda S. Huber: Sure, Manav, it's Linda. I think I covered the main driver on what was going on with cost. In fact, incentive compensation and profit-sharing being lower and nonexistent, respectively, was very helpful to the expense rate this year. Again, we base our bonus programs off of the midpoint of our outlook. And if we're not doing great, the bonuses fund at a lower level. And that's what we're seeing right now. We did have a bit of an offset based on new hires that we've had over the past year and a little bit of merit increase in salaries. But all told, we were very happy with the expense control. Now last year, because of the strong pop-up in incentive compensation, which was $60 million in the fourth quarter, that would probably look a little bit heavy for this year given that I said that we're thinking we're going to run a bit more evenly quarter-over-quarter on bonuses, more toward $35 million. But it remains to be seen. Again, if things break to the upside, the number could be a little bit heavier. So hopefully, that will help you. But expenses look like they're still going to be well under control for the fourth quarter.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So if you were to take out sort of the incentive comp, the variable component of that, over the long term, how should we think about just how the expense moves either with issuance activity or without it?
Linda S. Huber: Let me try to answer the question in a different way. We had said back in the first quarter call that we would have a $50 million expense ramp over the course of the year, and we think that's about right. We started at 395 in the first quarter, and it will be somewhere around that $50 million for the year. Expenses generally do tend to trend up over the course of the year, excluding the compensation line, Manav. But again, the comp line will not be -- we don't believe at this moment looking like it did in last year's fourth quarter. So I think that's about as much as we need to spell out there.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Fair enough. And then just the reason for the change in the compliance -- incremental compliance expense, is that just pushing things out in '14 or it just came in lighter than expected?
Raymond W. McDaniel: It came in a bit lighter than expected. We still will have, I believe, some incremental compliance cost in 2014. But as you can see, the incremental growth is trending down as we expected it would. And I think that's good news for the longer run.
Operator: We'll move next to Tim McHugh with William Blair.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just want to ask for an update on the structured products area. You had said at the Investor Day, I believe, you thought '14 would kind of be a bottom for that market but -- and also, obviously, sounds like Q4 -- or Q3 was a tough quarter particularly in Europe there. I know you probably knew most of those results at the Investor Day. But I guess can you contrast those to kind of what you saw in Q3 and why you think it's still going to bottom, kind of going pretty soon here?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Let me ask Michel to comment on this, if he will, in particular on what they're seeing in Europe.
Michel A. Madelain: Yes, I think we clearly have a divide between the U.S. and Europe here. We're seeing actually improving conditions in the U.S., both in terms of volumes and market position. Europe is a different story. We have a sharp contraction of volume across-the-board. And we don't expect that to resume next quarter. And as we said at Investor Day, I think next year is going to be another year, a challenging year for that market. And the reason is really around -- it's linked to the monetary conditions that prevail and the overall economic environment in Europe and the lack of effectiveness of sort of finance products there. Both are issues for investors. So that's here to stay through '14.
Raymond W. McDaniel: And yes, I'll just add that policymakers in Europe have started to offer more positive commentary about restarting the securitization market. But at the same time, they are providing significant liquidity to the banking system. And so for the near term, we believe that, that liquidity provision and the availability of inexpensive capital is going to keep the longer-term market from growing quickly.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. Great. And then just on the bank loans and, I mean, it's obviously a strong area for you, as well as S&P right now. What -- I guess can you talk about how much of that's a structural shift and how much you still see room for a structural shift in terms of more deeply penetrating that, such that you can continue to see kind of above average growth from that product area?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes, I think it's both structural and cyclical. The structural component is that the rated bank loan market is associated with banks wanting to have the ability to transfer loans off their balance sheet. And as they deleverage, that remains a priority. The cyclical component would be, I think, more appetite from the investor community for floating rate paper in anticipation of a rising rate environment. The good thing here, assuming that we don't have any shocks in terms of large, unexpected movements in interest rates, is that the bank loan market and the speculative grade bond market somewhat offset each other. Now we happen to be in a period of good activity for both. But if we see more appetite or better financing conditions for spec grade companies in the bond market, I would expect they would shift out of their banking relationships for additional capital raising.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I guess just one follow-up. I mean, can you -- do you have any rough sense of how much you would attribute to cyclical versus the more structural growth for the bank loan area?
Raymond W. McDaniel: No. I mean, I don't have educated answer for you on that. So it would be just my speculation, and I'd rather not fall for that.
Operator: We'll move next to Craig Huber with Huber Research.
Craig Huber: Just to be clear, your incentive compensation, pure incentive comp this quarter, Linda, what was it? I think you said it was $59 million to $60 million a year ago?
Linda S. Huber: Yes, the pure incentive compensation for third quarter of 2013 was $35 million. And last year, it topped $60 million. Profit-sharing is carried in a separate line. And this year, we didn't have any. We have not had any profit-sharing year-to-date. And last year, profit-sharing was about $8 million, Craig.
Craig Huber: Okay. And then like I had said [ph] people would like to ask you, Linda, can you break out the revenues a little bit finer here for your 4 areas within structured finance and corporate finance, et cetera?
Linda S. Huber: Sure. You went out of order for us, Craig. We had flipped to that page already. Hang on just a second. Okay. So starting with corporate finance, investment grade was 14% of total revenues for the third quarter. Again, for all of global corporate finance, the number was $233 million. So again, 14% was investment grade. 20% was speculative grade. Bank loans was 24%, which is up from 16% last year. So you see the significant shift over to the bank loans line. And other was 42% versus 35% last year. Going on to the other areas for structured. Total global structured, $83.5 million. 25% of that was ABS. 20% of that was RMBS. Commercial real estate was 31%, notably up from 25% last year. So that was the line that was running heavier. And derivative, about flat at 24% of that line. Going on to FIG. Total FIG was about $79 million. And 66% of that was bank issuance. 30% was insurance issuance, which was up from 26% last year, so some increase in the insurance revenue. Managed investments was 4%. So that's FIG. And moving onto PPIF, public finance and sovereigns was 44% of the total of about $83 million for this line. Municipal structured deals were 5% of revenue for this year. And project and infrastructure saw the big increase at 51% of that $83 million. So again, the big shift there was to project and infra. And we note that municipal issuance actually comes in the first line, which is the PFG and sovereigns line. So just make sure that everybody has that reflected accurately. And I think, Craig, that does it.
Craig Huber: It sure does. Another follow-up question, if I could. Within your public finance, project infrastructure area, can you just talk a little bit further about what you're seeing there? And obviously, you've lowered your guidance here for the year. But what you're seeing there and what your outlook is? What were the puts and takes, please?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, the project and infrastructure finance had a good quarter in the third quarter, and that was true both in the U.S. and in Europe. And to the extent that what we've seen in that area is refinancing, we would expect that a lot of that has been completed. And so what we're looking for is new project, new infrastructure activity to carry the growth in that line. And there's a degree of uncertainty around how quickly that will reach the market. So that's informing our current view.
Linda S. Huber: Yes, to follow-up a little bit, Craig, we had talked about disintermediation being important. And the actual dollar numbers for project and infra, it was $34 million last year, and it's $42 million this year. So I think that increase speaks to disintermediation as some of the banks, particularly European banks, step back from infrastructure projects, particularly in Latin America. And we're seeing more of those deals come to the capital markets. Also, we've had a little bit of a stall in muni issuance probably brought about by the federal conditions. So that has come off a little bit. Last year, we saw $38 million. This year, about $36 million. So usually, that's just a matter of timing. But again, the uncertainty in the third quarter made a lot of things a little bit challenging and certainty made forecasting more challenging. So I think that would cover the puts and takes in PPIF.
Craig Huber: And also Ray or Linda, when you think about the corporate finance market here and all the refinancings that certainly have happened here at the low rates here the last 2 to 3 years. What is your bullish outlook, if you have one on this, as you'd think out for corporate finance. Why it should be sustained at even a higher level next year and perhaps the year afterwards in terms of debt issuance, please?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes, Craig, this is the "it depends" answer. And as we look at current activity, we still see the refinancing component of issuance running 70%-plus of total issuance in terms of reasons cited in offering documentation. Contrast that with, as we have done previously, with, say, the late '90s and the rising interest rate environment of the late '90s, when less than half of issuance was associated with refinancing activity. So if we have economic confidence, business confidence so that the other elements of issuance, M&A activity, capital expenditure, share repurchase, et cetera, become more prominent as they were in the previous rising rate environment of '98, '99, we're in good shape. If that doesn't happen, then we will be on a soft patch for corporate issuance, I would think.
Linda S. Huber: Craig, it's Linda. Also for the fourth quarter, more immediately, we could, of course, see pull forward from 2014 issuance into the fourth quarter of this year. But we're not sure. And as I had said in my earlier comments, the center point right now in terms of what we've heard is that tapering begins in March. But we do note that tapering is perpetually 6 months away from the present point. So we'll see how that plays out. And the bull case would be, that the 10-year stays around 2.5%, doesn't go back up to 3%, and that provides pretty attractive issuance environment for us. The bear case would be, that we go through the whole thing again with the debt ceiling in February. And that is challenging as issuers might step away. So we can really see it go either way. And it sort of depends on how everything breaks. And we'll have more to say about this when we do guidance for 2014.
Operator: We'll move next to Andre Benjamin with Goldman Sachs.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just maybe a pair of questions for Mark on the color of demand for how demand is trending for the Analytics franchises. I guess, on enterprise risk solutions, we talked about the lumpiness, so less of a focus on the fourth quarter and more just looking out on a rolling 12-month basis, how are you looking at the momentum for that business into next year? Maybe help us understand what products or categories of solutions are seeing the strongest demand trends versus some that maybe are growing a little bit less than the overall average?
Mark E. Almeida: Yes, Andre, demand for ERS is very strong. As we said at Investor Day, frankly, demand is not the problem in this business. We're seeing plenty of demand, particularly heating up in the U.S. related to banks that have to engage in these stress testing exercises. The bank regulators have extended stress testing requirements beyond the largest banks in the country and down to the next tier. And that's driving a tremendous amount of demand for exactly the kinds of things that we offer in MA. So it's been -- demand's been very, very good for us. And we anticipate that continuing well into next year.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So I know you didn't formally -- there's no formal guidance, but I guess when we look back at this point next year, should we assume a similar trailing 12-month rate or is it too early to say?
Mark E. Almeida: It's certainly too early to say, but that's how we're managing the business. We see very healthy demand. We're very actively engaged. We're talking to banks all over the country and, of course, overseas as well. So I'd be surprised if we see a shift in the other direction.
Andre Benjamin - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Similarly on the RD&A business, is there any color you can provide below just the top line on what solutions are probably selling with a little bit stronger growth versus some that are maybe trending a little bit below?
Mark E. Almeida: Well, the strongest area in RD&A has been the demand for the rating agency content. That continues to be very, very strong. We've sustained very good growth in RD&A at getting up to high-single digits, which we think is very good for that business given the scale of it and our very strong penetration, particularly in developed markets. So that continues to perform quite well, and we're very happy with that business.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go next to Edward Atorino with Benchmark.
Edward J. Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Interest expense jumped up, but your net debt didn't jump up. Can you sort of -- I hate to say the word explain, but explain the jump in interest. And is this now the run rate going forward? And second, on the bank loan ratings or whatever they are called. Are the margins on that the same as the traditional issuance? And that just seems to be a market that's exploded. And is this a sort of a -- is this a sustainable level? Or is it going to go away if something changes? Not go away, but go back to normal.
Linda S. Huber: Ed, it's Linda. Let me take the question on interest expense first and then we'll talk a little bit more about bank loans. As I said in the script, we did do a $500 million bond deal. And we did that in early August. So we carried the expense, extra interest expense, which is $6 million a quarter. We have the pro rata of that expense for the quarter. So the interest expense number is, if you look at the press release, it's about $24 million. And that's up about 4.5% from last year. And that just reflects that new bond deal that we have, so that we have plenty of liquidity here in the U.S. And of course, we hold that in cash. So that's what's going on there. But look for $6 million per quarter going forward.
Raymond W. McDaniel: And with respect to the margins and the bank loan rating business, they are roughly similar to what we would see in the bond area. It is, again, influenced by whether the companies are companies that we might already have a relationship with or not or whether they are new mandates. Certainly, we think the bank loan market is a good growth market for us going forward. That's true both in the U.S. and in Europe. But it has benefited, as I mentioned earlier, both from some structural and some cyclical conditions. So I would not put forward that it can continue to grow at the pace that it's currently growing at.
Operator: And it appears we have no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Raymond W. McDaniel: I just want to thank you for all joining the call today, and we look forward to speaking to you again near the new year. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes Moody's third quarter earnings call. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 4 p.m. Eastern Time on Moody's website. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-24 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Salli Schwartz - Global Head of Investor Relations and Vice President of Investor Relations Raymond W. McDaniel - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director, Member of MIS Committee and Member of Enterprise-Wide Risk Committee Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark E. Almeida - President of Moody’s Analytics Michel A. Madelain - President of Moody's Investors Service Inc and Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investors Service Inc
Analysts: Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Craig Huber Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Edward J. Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the Moody's Corporation Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Salli Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's second quarter results for 2013. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the second quarter of 2013. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, President and Chief Executive Officer of Moody's Corporation, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody's Corporation. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission's website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Thank you, Salli. Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's second quarter 2013 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights, and I'll then speak to recent regulatory developments and finish with comments on our outlook for 2013. After our prepared remarks, we will be happy to respond to your questions. Second quarter revenue of $756 million increased 18% over the second quarter of 2012, reflecting continued strong operating performance across the company. Operating expenses for the second quarter were $405 million, a 12% increase from the second quarter of 2012. Operating income for the second quarter was $351 million, a 26% increase from the prior year period. Adjusted operating income, defined as operating income less depreciation and amortization was $374 million, up 24% from the same period last year. Diluted earnings per share for the second quarter increased 32% from the prior year period to $1. Our full year 2013 non-GAAP EPS guidance range remains $3.49 to $3.59. We are pleased to announce that we've increased our annualized dividend to $1 per share. We also now anticipate total 2013 share repurchases of approximately $1 billion. Turning to year-to-date performance, revenue for the first 6 months of 2013 was $1.5 billion, a 16% increase from the first 6 months of 2012. Revenue at Moody's Investors Service was $1.1 billion for the first 6 months of 2013, an increase of 18% from a year ago. Moody's Analytics revenue of $429 million was 9% higher than the prior year period. Operating expenses for the first 6 months of 2013 were $857 million, up 16% from 2012. Operating income was $631 million, increased 15% from $548 million in 2012. Adjusted operating income was $678 million, a 14% increase from the prior year period. First half operating expenses, operating margin and adjusted operating margin all include our first quarter litigation settlement charge. Diluted earnings per share of $1.83 for the first 6 months of 2013, which included a $0.14 charge related to the settlement, increased 20% from the prior year period. Excluding the settlement, diluted earnings per share of $1.97 for the first 6 months of 2013 grew 30% year-over-year. I will now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Linda S. Huber: Thanks, Ray. I'll begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody's total revenue for the quarter increased 18% to $756 million. Foreign currency translation for the quarter was negligible. U.S. second quarter revenue increased 18% to $408 million, while revenue outside the U.S. grew 18% to $348 million and represented 46% of Moody's total revenue for the quarter. Recurring revenue grew 7% to $362 million and represented 48% of total revenue, down from 53% from the prior year period. Looking now at each of our businesses, starting first with Moody's Investors Service. Total MIS revenue for the quarter was $537 million, up 22% from the prior year period. U.S. revenue for MIS increased 21% over the prior year period to $313 million. MIS revenue outside of the U.S., $224 million, increased 22% and represented 42% of total ratings revenue. The impact of foreign currency translation on MIS revenue was negligible. Moving now to the lines of business for MIS. First, global corporate finance revenue in the second quarter increased 37% from the year-ago period to $263 million. Revenue was up 28% year-over-year in the U.S. as a result of strong investment-grade and high-yield bond issuance, as well as bank loan issuance as corporations continue to take advantage of historically low interest rates. Non-U.S. revenue was up 52%, driven by European speculative grade bond issuers shifting their bank debt to the public bond market. Second, global structured finance revenue for the quarter was $97 million, up 7% from the prior year period. In the U.S., revenue increased 29% year-over-year due to strength in issuance of commercial mortgage-backed securities. Non-U.S. structured finance revenue was down 17% against the prior year period, primarily reflecting weaker issuance volumes in European residential mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. Third, global financial institutions revenue of $85 million increased 9% from the same quarter of 2012. U.S. revenue was up 9%, reflecting stronger banking activity, while non-U.S. revenue was up 8%, driven by increased issuance by insurance companies. Fourth, global public, project and infrastructure finance revenue rose 14% year-over-year to $93 million. U.S. and non-U.S. revenue were up 8% and 31%, respectively from the prior year period due to gains in project and infrastructure finance globally. Turning now to Moody's Analytics. Global revenue from Moody's Analytics of $219 million was up 10% from the second quarter of 2012. This year-over-year growth was entirely organic as we have not made any acquisitions in the past year. U.S. revenue grew by 8% year-over-year to $95 million. Non-U.S. revenue increased by 11% to $124 million and represented 56% of total Moody's Analytics revenue. The impact of foreign currency translation on MA revenue was also negligible. Moving to the lines of business for MA. First, global research, data and analytics revenue of $130 million increased 7% from the prior year period and represented 60% of total MA revenue. Our customer retention rate remains strong in the mid-90s percent range, and we continue to see solid demand for MA's research offering. Research, Data and Analytics, U.S. revenue was up 6% and non-U.S. revenue was up 9% as compared to the second quarter of 2012. Second, global enterprise risk solutions revenue of $60 million grew 17% from the same period last year, driven by strong growth in products and services that support regulatory and compliance activities at banks and insurance companies. Enterprise risk solutions revenue was up 12% in the U.S. and non-U.S. revenue was up 19% against the prior year period. As we noted in the past, due to the variable nature of project timing and completion, enterprise risk solutions revenue remains subject to quarterly volatility. On a separate note, subscription revenue, which includes MA's research, data and analytics business and certain products within MA's enterprise risk solutions business was up 10% for the second quarter of 2013. Global professional services revenue grew 7% to $28 million, reflecting solid growth and revenue from Copal Partners, partially offset by softness in the training and certification business. U.S. revenue increased 23%, while non-U.S. revenue increased by 3% year-over-year. Turning now to expenses, Moody's second quarter expenses were $405 million, an increase of 12% compared to the second quarter of 2012, reflecting increased headcount, annual compensation increases and higher technology expenses. The impact of foreign currency translation on operating expenses for the quarter was negligible. Moody's reported operating margin for the quarter was 46.4%, up from 43.5% in the second quarter of 2012. Adjusted operating margin was 49.5% for the quarter, up from 46.9% for the same period last year. Moody's effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.2% compared with 33.6% for the prior year period. And now I'll provide an update on capital allocation. During the second quarter of 2013, Moody's repurchased 4.1 million shares at a total cost of $259.1 million, and issued 1.7 million shares under employee stock-based compensation plans. Outstanding shares as of June 30, 2013, totaled 220.4 million, reflecting a 1% decrease from the year earlier. At the end of the second quarter, Moody's had $1.3 billion of share repurchase authority remaining under our current program. As of June 30, 2013, Moody's had $1.6 billion of outstanding debt and $1 billion of additional debt capacity available under our revolving credit facility. Cash and cash equivalents as of June 30, 2013, were $1.6 billion, an increase of $808.9 million from the year earlier. At the end of the second quarter, approximately 61% of our cash holdings were maintained outside the U.S. Free cash flow of $351 million for the first 6 months of 2013 increased $137 million from a year ago, primarily due to strong operating performance in the first half of 2013, as well as tax payments made in 2012, which related to prior tax years. And I'll now turn the call back over to Ray.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Okay. Thanks, Linda. I'll continue with an update on regulatory developments. First in the U.S. On May 14, the Securities and Exchange Commission hosted a full day roundtable on the various proposals made in its study relating to assigning credit ratings for structured finance products that are commonly referred to as the Franken Amendment study. The roundtable was comprised of 3 panels and panel participants were asked to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of various business models. Turning to Europe, CRA3 was adopted earlier in the spring of 2013 and went into force as of June 20. We have implemented the requisite policies and procedures accordingly. I'll conclude this morning's prepared comments by discussing our full year guidance for 2013. Moody's outlook for 2013 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, corporate profitability, business investment spending, merger and acquisition activity, consumer borrowing and securitization and the amount of debt issued. There's an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions, and if actual conditions differ, Moody's results for the year may differ materially from the current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. As I mentioned, earlier, our full year 2013 non-GAAP EPS guidance range remains at $3.49 to $3.59. For Moody's overall, the company still expects full year 2013 revenue to grow in the high-single-digit percent range. Full year 2013 operating expenses are still projected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Full year 2013 operating margin is still projected to be 41% to 42%, and adjusted operating margin for the year is still expected to be 44% to 45%. Guidance ranges for operating expenses, operating margin and adjusted operating margin all include the first quarter 2013 litigation settlement charge. The effective tax rate is still expected to be approximately 32%. We remain committed to using our strong cash flow to create value for shareholders, and we have increased our annualized dividend by 25% to $1 per share. Full year 2013 total share repurchases are now expected to be approximately $1 billion, subject to available cash, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decisions. Capital expenditures are still projected to be approximately $50 million. We still expect approximately $100 million in depreciation and amortization expense. Incremental compliance and regulatory expense is still projected to be in the $10 million to $15 million range. Free cash flow is expected to be approximately $850 million. We have modified certain components of 2013 guidance to reflect the company's current view of business conditions. For the global MIS business, revenue for the full year 2013 is still expected to increase in the high-single-digit percent range. Both U.S. and non-U.S. MIS revenue are also now expected to increase in the high-single-digit percent range. Corporate finance revenue is now projected to grow in the low-teens percent range. Revenue from structured finance is now expected to decrease in the low-single-digit percent range, while revenue from financial institutions is still expected to grow in the low-single-digit percent range. Public, project and infrastructure finance revenue is still expected to increase in the low-double-digit percent range. For MA, full year 2013 revenue is still expected to increase in the high-single-digit percent range. Within the U.S., MA revenue is now expected to increase in the low-double-digit percent range. Non-U.S. revenue is expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Revenue from research, data and analytics is still projected to grow in the high-single-digit percent range, while revenue for enterprise risk solutions is still expected to grow in the low-double-digit percent range. Professional services revenue is still expected to grow in the high-single-digit percent range. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining us for the question-and-answer session are Michel Madelain, President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investor Service, and Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics. We'd be pleased to take any questions you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Patrick O'Shaughnessy at Raymond James.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So my first question -- can you talk just a little bit more, provide some commentary around your capital return plan? So increasing your share repurchase from $0.5 billion to $1 billion, bumping up your dividend return policy. Can you just talk about what some of the -- just thinking underlying those moves was?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Sure. I'll make some general comments and then see if Linda has anything she would like to add. It's -- it's really a recognition that we have an opportunity and sufficient financial flexibility to be able to return capital to shareholders on a more accelerated basis than we had anticipated earlier in the year. So this is -- we think, an opportunity for us to get cash back into the hands of shareholders, and we think that's our obligation, consistent with the need to maintain sufficient liquidity and financial flexibility for uncertainties in the future.
Linda S. Huber: Yes, it's Linda. Ray is right. We have a cash-rich balance sheet, about $1.6 billion in cash on the balance sheet, and our net debt is effectively 0. We took a look at our dividend rate and with the recent increase in our stock price, the dividend yield had been about 1.3%. This brings it up to about 1.6%, and our payout to about 25%. So we feel that, that's appropriate recognition of the progress that we've made. And on share repurchase, because our investors seem to prefer both methods of returning capital to shareholders, we think that this is a prudent step for us to take and a good time for us to do it.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Right, that's very helpful color. And then a follow-up question for me. So certainly we saw corporate issuance dry up a little bit in June, and I think July has been pretty slow so far as well. Can you talk about what sort of issuance backlog that you've been seeing, and just how the different rate environment that we're facing today as oppose to, let's say, April and May, how that's impacting corporate issuers?
Linda S. Huber: Sure. This is going to take a minute to go through, so let me talk to you about how we're going to do this. We're going to first discuss investment grade, then I'd like to talk a bit about high yield and then thirdly, leveraged loans. And for each of the categories, I'd like to talk about what we're seeing in deals last week and this week, the pipeline, the fund flow and then certain market observations. And as you acknowledged, we did see a bit of what we're calling the June swoon. But we would acknowledge that last week, the deal issuance rate looks a good deal better. Last week, we saw $16 billion in issuance, which was mostly driven by financials who have already reported second quarter earnings. And it's important to note, we try to make the same point every year. We're still in a corporate blackout period for many issuers, particularly the industrial issuers. This week, expectations are for another $15 billion of investment-grade issuance. We have $9 billion of issuance year-to-date -- I'm sorry, week-to-date. And I would note that there are 6 investment-grade deals in the market today with the 10-year at about 2.57%. On average, over the last 5 years, the 10-year has been about 2.73%. So you can take whatever you'd like from that, but we are below the 5-year average. The pipeline for several banks indicates that the forward calendar is building, and the pipeline was described by several of those banks as strong. Issuance is likely to be robust in the near term as issuers emerge from blackout periods and there is note that there may be a potentially busier August than is usually expected. Generally August is one of the slower months. However, banks are still forecasting a pullback in issuance from the record volumes in the first half. Second half is looking at $250 billion to $350 billion, versus the first half of $550 billion in issuance, and this does include financials as well as industrials. Now fund flows into high-yield bond funds have recently reversed. Last week, Lipper reported $1 billion of fund flows into investment grade. That's the third week of returned inflow following the June swoon, and the year-to-date total inflow is $38 billion. Market observations in high grade include issuers getting comfortable with the slightly higher interest rate environment and from a historical perspective, rates remain attractive. And we do see that some issuers are looking at refinancing 2014 and '15 in the back half following the period of volatility that we've seen. Also I would note M&A dialogue is picking up, but the focus for that is on later this year or 2014. That concludes investment grade, and now I'll move to high yield. In high yield, last week, we saw $7 billion of issuance from 16 issuers. It was the busiest week since May of this year. Last week's deals -- excuse me, this week's deals, $3 billion week-to-date. And the issuance pipeline is currently running 25% up versus 2012 year-to-date. Again, second half is expected to slow a bit, $75 billion to $150 billion and in the second half versus $200 billion in the first half. But 200 -- 2013 levels are at or slightly below the 2012 record amount. Fund flows, again, have reversed in high yield. Dramatic outflows in May and June have normalized and even turned positive last week. Year-to-date, still showing net outflows though of $12 billion. Market observations are that yields remain at near all-time lows with high yield index yielding 6.3% versus the 5-year average of 9.04%. And it's an attractive asset class for fixed income investors as rates rise given shorter duration, less price volatility and low levels of default. Now looking at leveraged loans. Last week, we saw 8 deals. This week, $900 million of issuance week-to-date. The pipeline, year-to-date volume of $350 billion is up 70% from 2012. Second half expectation is $150 billion. That implies also somewhat of a reduction in the pace of supply from first half $350 billion. Fund flows last week in leveraged loans reported the 57th consecutive week of 100 of inflows at $1.7 billion. That's the largest weekly inflow on record by the way. And year-to-date, inflows are at $30 billion. That's more than 3x what we saw in 2012, where the inflow was $9 billion. Market observations include that demand continues to be strong given the feature of protection against rising rates offered by flexible rate leveraged loan paper. So Patrick, sorry for the length of all that, but hope it's pretty complete.
Raymond W. McDaniel: And I would just add -- I would just add a very brief comment to the comprehensive review that Linda has just offered. As we saw rates moving out of Treasuries and spreads moving out in June, they certainly have come back in somewhat. Though they're not back to where they were in May, but Treasuries and rates have come back in and spreads have come back in. I think more than a question of the pipeline, it was a question of uncertainty about where rates would stabilize. And once that stability became more apparent, in part because of further comments from the Fed, I think there was more confidence in having those pipelines unlocked. And so what I think we're going to be looking at for the rest of this year is not a concern about bond issuance volumes with rates where they are currently are, but some level of market anxiety about the uncertainty of accommodative monetary policy, how long and how accommodative. And so in looking at our forecast, we assume there is going to continue to be some level of market anxiety around that. And probably, as we've seen frequently over the past few years, periods of good market activity and then periods of relative dormancy depending on, among other things, official comments.
Operator: And we'll go next to William Bird at Lazard.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Ray, I was wondering if you could just comment. I know there's been shorter duration issuance recently. How does that impact your business?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, it's good from the standpoint that there is more turnover of refinancing. The velocity of the refinancing increases with the shorter term securities. And interestingly, we had not seen a big jump in very long-dated issuance, even earlier when rates were at their lowest point, firms we're still -- I'd put it a little bit casually, but they were taking the free money rather than the cheap money. And so we have seen the term structure remain towards the short end. And that's, as I said, good from a refinancing perspective.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And Ray, bigger picture. Can you talk about just what your point of view is on whether the structural tailwinds in your business can overcome some of the macro choppiness to enable positive growth?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes. I think we -- I think we can continue to see growth. I think the business is well supported on the rating agency side from the disintermediation trends, certainly, that are going on in Europe, but also in Asia, Latin America and somewhat surprisingly at least to me, in the U.S., it continues apace. And the Moody's Analytics business is really not impacted by the interest rate cycle, the business cycle, the way the rating agency business is. So we expect we're going to be able to continue to get good growth out of MA.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And Ray, your second half outlook implies kind of a flattish growth profile at MIS. And Linda's comments sound like the pipeline is still pretty good. I guess are you assuming just kind of more of the same or just from a macro level, what's assumed in the second half in your outlook?
Raymond W. McDaniel: I think what we're recognizing and looking at some consensus opinions in the market from economists and other institutions, a greater than usual degree of uncertainty in terms of where rates might go, how spreads might react to changes in, again, quantitative easing or expectations for interest rate increases. If the market is concerned that accommodative monetary policy is going to be curtailed before we have self-sustaining momentum in terms of GDP growth, that's not going to be good for issuers. But if we do have a market view that we have achieved self-sustaining economic growth, I think we're going to see good levels of issuance even if we do have curtailment of quantitative easing because there's going to be borrowing for merger and acquisitions, and capital expenditure and share repurchase. As we've talked about in other calls, all these drivers, traditional drivers of issuance that had been relatively dormant in recent years.
Linda S. Huber: And Bill, it's Linda. Following up on what Ray said, I think your observation is correct. The pipelines look pretty good, pretty strong. But again, we don't control when those pipelines move. And I think what Ray is trying to indicate to you is, we'll probably have some good weeks and we'll probably have some less good weeks, and that's what results from market choppiness. That's on the MIS side. I think we probably should make the observation that for MA, one part of that business, the enterprise of our software business traditionally sees much stronger revenue growth in the fourth quarter, and that seasonality is helpful to us. We are thinking about though the strong numbers that the rating agency put up in the back half of last year, and several of the analysts have observed that we do have tougher comps in the back half of the year, which is something that we're thinking about. On the other hand, we're going to be back to talk to you at Investor Day, which is 8 weeks from today. So we'll see where we get to, and we'll freshen up our observations at that time.
Operator: We'll go next to Manav Patnaik at Barclays.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The -- just firstly, on the guidance. I mean, clearly, the big high level sort of guidance ranges were unchanged, but at the same team, you doubled the expectation of share repurchases. So I just wanted to get a sense of what your thought process was in factoring in those increased share repurchases and why maybe the EPS range didn't narrow or increase? Is there something in terms of the number of shares you expect to issue that offset that impact? Just curious there.
Linda S. Huber: Manav, I think we talked about why we left guidance where it is. On share repurchase, we've added expectation of approximately another $500 million. But that will be in the back half of the year. And looking at that, just looking at the weighted average counts and so on, we'll probably see that the biggest accretive effect of that when we get into 2014. So in other words, we're back-end loaded here. And we decided to leave guidance where it is. And again, we'll see how it works out. But your observation is correct. We will be taking out additional shares. We expect to. But again, that will be occurring in the back half of the year.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And just to focus on the comments you made on ERS. Can you maybe just give us a quick update on some of the key events or points that occurred this quarter? I mean, clearly, the 17% growth in all organic was pretty -- was pretty impressive.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes, let me ask Mark Almeida if he'd like to comment on that.
Mark E. Almeida: Yes, Manav, we did. We had a very good quarter in ERS. It was really -- and we've talked about this before. It's a function of timing. When we get the work done on our various projects that are in flight. We had a number of projects that completed during the second quarter. So we recognized a lot of revenue there. But the business is strong, driven by regulatory activity and regulatory requirements that are being placed on banks. We're seeing a lot of strength, particularly in the U.S. relating to the Dodd-Frank stress testing rules, as well as the Federal Reserve CCAR provisions. So we're seeing some very good strength in the business from both a sales standpoint. But as you observed, good project completion resulting in more revenue recognition in the quarter.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. And one final one, just on the rating agency side. Linda, in the past, you've talked about some of the number of new issuers to the market, like the stats there. Can you maybe give us 1 or 2 line just on how those trends are tracking thus far?
Linda S. Huber: Manav, I don't have those handy. Perhaps Ray, can give us a little bit more color. But they continue to be pretty good on what we've heard. We're looking to get more of that information together for Investor Day, but let me see if Ray has anything else to add.
Raymond W. McDaniel: No, I'm just going to add, and I will ask Michel Madelain if he would like to comment on this. But I think the new mandates have been continuing at a relatively steady pace. So no spikes in new mandates, but it also continues to be a good pipeline for us. And Michel, if you have something to add, please do.
Michel A. Madelain: No, I think what you said it's really -- we continue to see strength in Europe and emerging markets and the pipeline has been very strong, and so that trend has continued.
Linda S. Huber: Yes, I think, Manav, again, one way to look at evidence of disintermediation is to look at that European CFG revenue growth number, and that would be one way to try to measure what's going on there.
Operator: And we'll go next to Peter Appert of Piper Jaffray.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: The margin performance was very impressive this quarter in the context of the revenue stream. So I'm wondering, Linda, if this causes you to rethink the potential margin upside in the business over the next couple of years.
Linda S. Huber: Peter, I'm going to ask Ray to comment some more after I do. But I think we're pretty happy with where we are on margin, and I think we're going to continue to stick to the story we have that over the longer term, we're kind of looking at low- to mid-40s, and we're happy with the progress that we've made. And I think we're pretty pleased with how the business has been performing on the margin line, as you noted. Ray?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Just 2 quick reminders. One is that the -- because of the over plan performance that we had last year, and as a result, the above plan incentive compensation we had last year, we did have an ability to expand margin this year more aggressively based on resetting of incentive compensation back to target. So we don't expect to see that kind of margin expansion going forward. And the other question will be the relative growth rates of MIS and Moody's Analytics because the Moody's Analytics business is a lower margin business. So we have to -- there is the uncertainty of the relative rates of growth of the 2 businesses in looking out over a number of years.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Fair enough. Ray, can you give us an update on how you're seeing the legal environment? Currently, you have -- there is a somewhat high-profile suit filed recently, any further settlements or dismissals that you can share with us?
Raymond W. McDaniel: No. There really hasn't been a lot of activity. We've had more than 50 cases filed, ratings-related cases filed since 2007, and a little more than 3 dozen of those have been resolved, most of them because they were dismissed or voluntarily withdrawn. We did have a couple of new complaints this year, and a couple of what are called summonses with notice, which are -- you should think of them as placeholders for possibly filing a complaint in the future. But those don't necessarily end up being actual cases. But that's been about it.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: How about in terms of legal expenses? Would it be running at a relatively constant level at this point?
Linda S. Huber: Peter, it's Linda. I'll talk a little bit about expenses as a whole, but we're not going to go into legal expenses per se. Probably worth noting that as Ray stated in the updated guidance, we're expecting expenses to be in the mid-single digits for growth rate for all of 2013. Second quarter, we popped up a little bit to a 12% growth rate. And that was about a $43 million increase. We expected that someone would ask for some color on that. So about 1/2 of that was compensation-related. The impact of hiring increases, annual compensation increases, some incentive compensation accruals. Another 25% of that was probably best viewed as professional service cost increases for IT and other things related to that. We did note that we're now in compliance on both CRA3 and Dodd-Frank, and we had spent some money to get that done. The other 25% is basically other stuff. So expenses as a whole, I think it's pretty moderate in that we're expecting low-single-digit growth rates over the rest of the year. And just to be sure, we're absolutely clear so that folks can see how to model this. Looking at the number that we have here for the second quarter, it's $405 million. We're still looking at about a $50-ish million ramp over the course of the year, approximately more or less. So if you want to think about how to model expenses as a whole, that might help you out a little bit.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: And Linda, do you have the actual incentive comp accrual for the quarter?
Linda S. Huber: Yes, I do. It was $34.3 million, Peter. And I think we have said -- we're hoping to have that be a little bit flatter this year. First quarter was $30.7 million, and this is just the incentive comp. This quarter, $34.3 million. I think we had guided folks to about $135 million for the rest of the year. With a strong health warning there that if we do better than we expect in the back half, of course, incentive compensation would increase commensurately.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: And one last thing, just in terms of the structured finance market, strength in the U.S., weakness in Europe, any commentary in terms of just tone of market and expectations that things might get better going into '14?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes, with respect to Europe, I would characterize it as hopeful that things will get better in '14. And I think that, that securitization does have an important role to play potentially in Europe as they are looking towards an economic recovery and giving companies additional opportunities to access the capital markets, whether it's capital raising or liquidity purposes. I think the securitization can be part of a longer-term solution. But right now, there's -- there's just not a lot of demand, and there are alternative funding sources. As we've -- I think we mentioned in the previous quarter's call, for example, in the U.K., the Funding for Lending program that they have in place. So in the near term, there are alternatives to the securitization market. Longer term, I would expect this is going to be part of a solution to the sluggish growth rates. Whether that's in 2014 or not, I don't know.
Operator: And we'll move next to Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I think at this point, just a few follow-ups. Just wanted to first come back to the whole higher rate interest rate question that obviously has been asked a lot here recently. But just hoping if you could give us a little bit more color in terms of, what is coming out when you talk to corporates and bankers? I know it's a difficult question to answer, but what should be the things that we should be looking for in terms of absolute level of rates or increases and pace of rate increases for people to really change their mind in terms of how they think about refinancing or just general issuance going forward. And then related to that, how are you -- yourself, thinking about it right now in terms of looking at the budget maybe for next year and going forward?
Linda S. Huber: Sure, Alex. I'll take a shot at this, and then I'll ask Ray if he has anything further to add. None of us are fixed income capital market traders or desk participants. So I think the information that we gave earlier as to what we're hearing is probably the best indication. I think to sum it up, the pipelines look good. They look strong. And I think the 10-year, at approximately 2.56%, 2.58% today, because there will be 10-year sales later on this week, that's below the 5-year average of 2.73%. And we'll see how that plays out. I think that's probably about the best we can do in terms of where we think things are and what will be moving. High yield is, of course, very rate dependent. As issuance -- as all-in cost come in below 6%, we usually see the high-yield market run very strong, and we have seen some indications that, that may happen or it may not. Leveraged loans, as I had said earlier, are running very strong, both in terms of fund inflows and buyer attraction for that paper, which is floating rate. So with all of that, I think your guess is as good as ours, and I'll see if Ray wants to add anything else.
Raymond W. McDaniel: The only thing I would add is just to repeat the views of some economists, including our own. That for now, they really don't think the Fed wants the 10-year Treasury yield to be much above the 2.5% mark. And if that's correct, that is still an attractive environment for issuance by historical measures. Now obviously, if spreads widen out, that would be affected. But right now, they have been coming back in from where they went to in June. So reason for cautious optimism there on the rate side.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I appreciate it. It's a difficult question to ask. But then on the second part of the question, anything that you would say, how you would respond or when you would think you need to respond or is it too early to tell at this juncture?
Raymond W. McDaniel: If we're talking about a cyclical movement that has an impact on bond issuance, candidly, I don't think we would do a whole lot to respond. Our business, we have to monitor the debt that's outstanding. We would expect that the debt is -- that additional debt is going to be issued in the future. And so it's not a structural change in our business. It's a cyclical change, if it occurs. And as I said before, a rising rate environment that is accompanied by business confidence and economic activity is not worrisome. What is worrisome is sort of what we saw in June, where there was fear of rising rates and widening spreads because the rate environment was not -- or the anticipated rate environment was not aligned with a sense that we had self-sustaining economic recovery.
Linda S. Huber: Alex, we'll also put in a plug on Monday at The Wall Street Journal with some information based on data of ours, in terms of broadening out of use of proceeds in terms of bond issuance. You may want to take a look at that. A little bit of a pickup in M&A. A little bit of pickup in capital expenditures. And those are one of the things -- those are some of the things that we're looking for. Also, as Ray has commented on before, the worst thing for us is a stagflation environment and inflation remains quite reasonably low at this point. So it all boils down to the question of when these pipelines move and encouraged by seeing 6 deals in the market today, 3 financials and 3 industrials. And we'll see what happens. But again, we have 2 parts to this business, and the Moody's Analytics business is performing pretty well.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Well, then, maybe as a segue, I'll just go into Moody's Analytics business, which is to say, I think somebody asked about it already. But just following-up on the ERS side, for one, you took the U.S. guidance up. And secondly, you noted that you obviously had a very good strong quarter. I think, Linda, last time I talked to you about this, you were actually noting that you're starting to engage in or at least try to engage with like higher deals, pitching higher -- larger deals. Anything to talk about, like where's that coming from or are you having success -- I mean, is there a big change in this business whether this could actually have accelerating growth from here?
Mark E. Almeida: Yes, it's Mark. I would say that we are having success there. We are -- certainly, in the U.S. as I said earlier, business is picking up largely in response to work that we're doing for banks related to the various stress testing requirements that are being imposed on them. That's been a very nice driver of growth in this market, and that's why you're seeing some healthier results here. In terms of the deal size, we -- the average size of deals probably remained about where it was. We do rather routinely win some very large scale transactions. But I don't know that at least thus far, it has not substantially moved the needle, if you look at the business overall. But certainly, I think the opportunity is there, again, related to the various regulatory requirements that are being imposed. That's presenting a lot of opportunity for us here in the U.S. as well as overseas. So I think that we're very optimistic about the business. We have -- we've been saying for some time that we think that this is a business that should grow at a low-double digit to mid-teens kind of rate over the long run. And certainly, what we're seeing in the environment, what we're hearing from customers, suggests to us that, that's going to be very achievable.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then just last one for me. Obviously, it seems like there's been a lot more discussion around restructuring the agencies, like Fannie and Freddie, in terms of bill proposals and things like that. So from what you've seen so far, any indication of how that would change the business for you? Are there other things that you would like to see? And maybe in general, how involved you are in those discussions in terms of lobbying and things like that. And any color would be great.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, obviously, we're aware of bills that have been introduced in Congress, including the Corker-Warner bill. I think it's still going to be a long process. It's not something that we are going to involve ourselves in from a lobbying perspective. Our job is to understand what the policy decisions are and to make whatever credit judgments that are appropriate based on those policy decisions, but not to push for one outcome or another. That being said, if there is a larger private label market for mortgage-backed securities, that's going to be beneficial. So we will watch that with interest, but without lobbying in any particular direction.
Linda S. Huber: And Alex, it's Linda. There were 2 interesting things that came through the news overnight. And Ray may be able to speak to these with -- or Michel, with greater detail than I can. One was a proposal that perhaps they might be looking to be some relief on one of the 17g-5 related rules of holding 5% on balance sheet of structured deals. Secondly was an announcement that one -- one of the GSEs had done a securitization of its own -- part of its own balance sheet, and maybe Ray can talk a little or Michel can talk a little bit more about those. But we are seeing some news flow in those areas.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes, I don't have a lot actually to add to what Linda raised, other than that the observation that I think the experimentation, if you will, with some new securities and financial innovation is probably a positive. We've been through a period where there hasn't been a lot of financial innovation, and testing with some of these new securities types is -- I think is supportive of longer-term growth in some key markets like housing. So that's -- that's really all I -- I'm -- other than what I've seen in the papers, I don't have any additional insight I can offer on those.
Operator: We'll move next to Craig Huber at Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: Linda, can you hear me?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes, we can.
Linda S. Huber: Yes we can, Craig.
Craig Huber: Can you break down for us on a percent basis or in dollars your 4 main categories within ratings, break out high yield versus bank loans, investment grade, et cetera, and do it for all 4 areas, please? That's my first question.
Linda S. Huber: Sure, Craig. CFJ -- CFG, excuse me, and we're comparing second quarter 2013 over second quarter 2012, investment grade up nicely. Last year, about $42 million, this year about $60 million. That's up -- it's up 43%. It represents 23% of the total CFG revenues, which is about $263 million. Spec grade up to $57 million, which is 22% of the CFG total. And that's up 80% over last year's 2012. Again, if one is looking for indication of where -- what does disintermediation look like, that's it. Bank loans up to $53 million, 20% of total CFG. And there, we're up 51% over last year. Other is 35% of CFG. It's about $93 million. Going on to look at some of the other areas, structured, Craig, total of $97 million of revenue for second quarter. First-line is ABS, about $25.5 million. That's about 26% of the total. Now that is actually down from last year's $29.1 million. RMBS, $18.7 million, also down a little bit from last year. Commercial real estate, $30.7 million, a big increase from last year's $18.2 million. And derivatives at $22.3 million, about flat to last year's $21.5 million. That makes up 23% of the total SFG line of $97.2 million. Going on to third category FIG, total of $84.5 million. Banking is $57.5 million. It's 68% of the total, the lion's share. Insurance, $23.3 million. It's 28%, and managed investments of $3.6 million is 4% of the FIG line. Lastly, public project and infrastructure. PFG and sovereigns, $43.6 million, about flat from last year and 47% of the revenue line there. Munis at 43-point -- excuse me, $4.3 million, again, $4.3 million, about 5% of the total for PPIF. And project and infrastructure at $44.8 million, up nicely, 39% from last year. And that makes up 48% or about 1/2 of total PPIF. Do you want to do MA as well, Craig?
Craig Huber: I think we all have that.
Linda S. Huber: Okay. Good. All right.
Craig Huber: I'm okay there. My next question, if I could, please. Can you -- as you think back over the last year, Ray or Linda, within your corporate finance segment, how much of your revenues there on the transaction side have been derived from refinancings versus growth capital? And how do those percentages vary versus, say, the prior 10 years on average?
Raymond W. McDaniel: I'm going to have to give you some approximate numbers, but a little more than 1/2 of the activity, I think, this year has been refinancing with M&A and share repurchase ticking up a little bit. Really not on the CapEx side though. So it's still dominated in terms of refinancing. But we are seeing borrowing for other purposes that is a bit stronger than what we've seen the last couple of years.
Craig Huber: Okay. So it's not significantly higher than, say, 50% coming from refinancing to the best of your estimate?
Raymond W. McDaniel: No. I think that's correct. It's above 50%, but I don't think it's significantly above at this point.
Craig Huber: Okay. And then if we could just switch to legal costs. What is your best sense of when you think your legal costs on a year-over-year basis will start dropping?
Linda S. Huber: Craig, it's Linda. We're still not going to talk about legal costs. But we did talk openly about our expense outlook so.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Craig, the only thing I can really tell you is, there is a lot of uncertainty around this because we, obviously, are working to have cases dismissed as early as possible. Sometimes, we succeed. Sometimes, they move on to the discovery process, which becomes more expensive. So it really depends on what our success rate looks like with early dismissals and -- I just -- I can't give you a good forecast on that.
Craig Huber: Another question, please. As you look out over, say, the next 3 years, let's say, here in U.S. investment grade, bank loans and high yield, can you just talk about how much has to actually get refinanced and that's still outstanding and how that maybe looks versus where we're at today for this calendar year?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, for 2014 and 2015, a lot of what would have matured has been refinanced. And that's why we talk about these other drivers being important to the corporate finance growth story here in the U.S. going forward. It's a different situation as we look at corporates elsewhere around the world. But the U.S. market is an important market for us. So it is worth focusing on. That being said, there remains a lot of refinancing that has to occur in 2016, 2017. Some comments that we made earlier in the call about the fact that borrowing over the last few years has been a relatively short-term nature, and that borrowing is going to come around for refinancing again. So -- and the investment-grade market tends to refinance at a much steadier rate than the high-yield market. So that's -- we would expect to see refinancing over the next couple of years coming out of investment-grade market in similar ways to what we've seen in previous years.
Linda S. Huber: And Craig, you can take a look for those wall of refinancing charts in our updated analyst presentation. And we'll show that again, take another look at that, again, when we do Investor Day in 2 months.
Craig Huber: One final question, if I could. Your guidance for your 4 broad areas within your ratings business, as those guidance numbers, the infrastructure finance, corporate finance, et cetera, what are you most concerned about for the back half of the year? I mean, what -- in terms of, which ones you think have more potential upside than the others? And vice versa, where you're most concerned about on your guidance?
Raymond W. McDaniel: I'm not concerned about any particular business line. I'm really more focused, as I think probably everybody is at this point, on the macroeconomic situation. Whether -- how the market will respond to curtailment of quantitative easing if and when it begins. Predictions that it might happen in September. Predictions that it might happen at the end of the year, and market reaction to that. And I think there is going to be appropriately a lot of attention coming from policymakers to make sure that the market reaction is not unfavorable, and that we don't have a tightening of financial conditions in a way that would turn our recovery back in the wrong direction. So it's not individual business lines. It's more the macro situation at this point, Craig.
Operator: We'll go next to Doug Arthur at Evercore.
Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Ray, just one question. I was -- the corporate finance internationally accelerated in the quarter. I think it was up sort of 30-ish in Q1 and up 52% in Q2. And you talked about disintermediation or Linda did. How does the comp look going forward there? And you think that disintermediation in the bond market in Europe is really accelerating at this point?
Raymond W. McDaniel: I think it's going to continue. We're going to continue to see new mandates. I don't anticipate it accelerating. It's been steady, and it's been strong. And that's, obviously, good news from a bond market volume perspective. Many of the credits are in the high-yield sector. I expect that, that will continue since the investment-grade credits had largely been in the bond market for a number of years already. And for some different reasons, I would expect to see a similar result as we look at the emerging market economies in Asia, Latin America, for example, where growth is outstripping banking system capacity. And -- and that's leading to disintermediation as well. I don't know, Linda or Michel, if you have anything else you'd like to add to that?
Michel A. Madelain: I mean, the only thing is that one of the underlying factor in Europe is clearly the condition of the banking system and their inability to basically meet the demands of a number of those issuers. And that's actually true for the high-yield market, basically. So there is an element of -- there's a cyclical element as well as a structural element at play here.
Linda S. Huber: And Doug, pretty frequent stories in the press that particularly in the periphery, lesser credits have a difficult time with bank financing and are looking to go to the spec grade market. So to follow-up on what Michel and Ray have said, we think that trend will continue.
Operator: We'll move next to Edward Atorino of Benchmark.
Edward J. Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Just about everything in the world has been asked. You've got a lot of shares you could buy, take out I think 14 million to 15 million shares. I mean, are you going to have offsetting issuance or is that really a potential over the next couple of years?
Linda S. Huber: Ed, it's Linda. We tend to have issuance more focused in the front half of the year, and we try to keep our equity utilization below 2% for the employees here. So we're looking, as we said, to overall have a reduction in the outstanding shares. And thus far, we've been able to do that. And I'll ask Ray if he wants to comment any further on that.
Raymond W. McDaniel: No, just -- just I think Linda's comments stand on their own. The original guidance that we had given for approximately $500 million in share repurchase was largely to offset issuance. But that would not be the case with the -- with additional repurchases.
Edward J. Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: I mean, can you conceivably buy 14 million shares of stock?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, conceivably, yes.
Edward J. Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay.
Linda S. Huber: We'll have to see where the price...
Edward J. Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: I don't want to be a wise guy and say, when?
Raymond W. McDaniel: No, we're not going to say that.
Edward J. Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: I got it. Okay.
Linda S. Huber: We're working on it, Ed.
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. McDaniel for any closing remarks.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Thank you. Just before we end the call, I do want to make sure everyone knows that Moody's will host its Investor Day on Tuesday, September 24, here in New York. Attendance is by invitation only and the event will be webcast. And further details will be provided on our Investor Relations website at ir.moodys.com. So thank you, all, for joining the call today, and we look forward to speaking with you again in September and October.
Operator: And this concludes Moody's second quarter earnings call. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 4 p.m. Eastern time on Moody's website. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-03 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Salli Schwartz - Global Head of Investor Relations and Vice President of Investor Relations Raymond W. McDaniel - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director, Member of International Business Development Committee, Member of MIS Committee and Member of Enterprise-Wide Risk Committee Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Craig Huber Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome's to the Moody's Corporation First Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ms. Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Salli Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's' first quarter results for 2013. I'm Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the first quarter of 2013. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, President and Chief Executive Officer of Moody's Corporation, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody's Corporation. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission's website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Thank you, Salli. Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's' first quarter 2013 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights, and I will then speak to recent regulatory and legal developments and finish with comments on our outlook for 2013. After our prepared remarks, we will be happy to respond to your questions. First quarter revenue of $732 million increased 13% over the first quarter of 2012, reflecting strong operating performance for both Moody's Investors Service and Moody's Analytics. Operating expenses for the first quarter, which include a litigation settlement charge related to the resolution of our Abu Dhabi and Rhinebridge cases, were $451 million, a 19% increase from the first quarter of 2012. Excluding the litigation settlement charge, operating expenses increased 4% year-over-year. Operating income for the first quarter was $280 million, a 4% increase from the prior year period. Adjusted operating income, defined as operating income less depreciation and amortization, was $304 million, also up 4% from the same period last year. Excluding the litigation settlement charge, first quarter operating income and adjusted operating income increased 25% and 23%, respectively, year-over-year. Diluted earnings per share for the first quarter increased 9% from the prior year period to $0.83, which includes the litigation settlement charge of $0.14. Excluding the litigation settlement charge, diluted earnings per share of $0.97 increased 28% year-over-year. Our full year 2013 non-GAAP EPS guidance range is now $3.49 to $3.59, which reflects our continued focus on cost control and also excludes the impact of the litigation settlement charge. I'll now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Linda S. Huber: Thanks, Ray. I'll begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody's' total revenue for the quarter increased 13% to $732 million. Foreign currency translation for the quarter was negligible. U.S. first quarter revenue increased 18% to $406 million, while revenue outside of U.S. grew 8% to $326 million and represented 45% of Moody's' total revenue, down slightly from the 47% in the year ago period. Recurring revenue grew 6% to $350 million and represented 48% of total revenue, down from 51% in the prior year period. Looking now at each of our businesses. Moody's Investors Service revenue for the quarter was $521 million, up 15% from the prior year period. The impact of foreign currency translation on MIS revenue was negligible. U.S. revenue for MIS increased 21% over the prior year period to $313 million. Revenue outside of the U.S. of $208 million increased 8% and represented 40% of total ratings revenue. Turning now to the MIS business lines. First, global corporate finance revenue in the first quarter increased 29% from the year ago period to $258 million, primarily driven by strong speculative-grade bank loan and bond issuance as corporations continued to take advantage of historically low interest rates. Revenue was up 25% year-over-year in the U.S. and up 36% outside of the U.S. Secondly, global structured finance revenue for the first quarter was $93 million, down 1% from the prior year period. In the U.S., revenue increased 26% year-over-year due to strong issuance of collateralized loan obligations and commercial mortgage-backed securities. Non-U.S. structured finance revenue was down 29% against the prior year period, primarily reflecting weaker issuance of residential mortgage-backed securities in Europe. Thirdly, global financial institutions revenue of $87 million increased 10% from the same quarter of 2011. U.S. revenue was up 14%, primarily reflecting increased bond issuance by insurance companies, while non-U.S. revenue was up 7% as compared to the first quarter of 2012, driven by stronger banking activity from issuers taking advantage of generally favorable market conditions. Finally for MIS, global revenue for the public project and infrastructure finance business rose 5% year-over-year to $83 million. Revenue was up 10% in the U.S. due to gains in both public and infrastructure finance, while non-U.S. revenue declined 3%. And turning now to Moody's Analytics. Global revenue for Moody's Analytics of $211 million was up 9% from the first quarter of 2012. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, revenue grew 10%. As you know, we have not made any organic acquisitions during the past year. We are very pleased with our organic revenue growth this quarter, which demonstrates the inherent strength of our underlying businesses and is among the strongest in our industry. U.S. revenue grew by 10% year-over-year to $93 million. Non-U.S. revenue increased 8% to $118 million and represented 56% of the total Moody's Analytics revenue. Looking now at each of the MA business lines. Revenue from research, data and analytics of $130 million increased 8% from the prior year period and represented 62% of total MA revenue. Our customer retention rate remains strong in the mid-90s percent range, and we continue to see solid demand for credit research via our CreditView offering. U.S. revenue was up 8% and non-U.S. revenue was up 9% as compared to the first quarter of 2012. Second, revenue from enterprise risk solutions of $53 million grew 10% from last year, reflecting strong growth of products and services that support bank regulatory and compliance activities. Revenue was up 12% in the U.S., and non-U.S. revenue was up 9% against the prior year period. Due to the variable nature of product timing, enterprise risk solutions' revenue remains subject to quarterly volatility. Third, professional services revenue grew 7% to $28 million, reflecting strong growth in revenue from Copal Partners, partially offset by softness in the training and certification business. U.S. revenue increased 32%, while non-U.S. revenue increased 3% year-over-year. Finally, we note that subscription revenue, which includes MA's research, data and analytics segment, of certain products within the MA's enterprise risk solution segment was up 9% for the first quarter of 2013. Turning now to expenses. Moody's' first quarter expenses were $451 million, an increase of 19% compared to the first quarter of 2012. However, excluding the litigation settlement related to the resolution of our Abu Dhabi and Rhinebridge cases, expenses were up 4% year-over-year. More specifically, this year's P&L will be impacted only in the first quarter by expenses associated with the litigation settlement charge, which is tax-deductible. The impact of foreign currency translation on operating expenses for the quarter was negligible. Moody's reported operating margin for the quarter was 38.3%, down from 41.6% in the first quarter of 2012. Adjusted operating margin was 41.5% for the quarter, down from 45.2% for the same period last year. Again, excluding the litigation settlement charge, first quarter reported operating margin and adjusted operating margin were 46.1% and 49.3%, respectively. Moody's effective tax rate for the quarter was 28.5% compared with 32.1% for the prior year period. Now I'll provide an update on capital allocation. During the first quarter of 2013, Moody's repurchased 1.9 million shares at a total cost of $91 million or an average price of $48.48 per share and issued 2.2 million shares under employee stock-based compensation plans, which are substantially issued in the first quarter of each year. Outstanding shares of March 30 -- as of March 31, 2013, totaled 222.9 million, reflecting a 1% decline from a year earlier. As of March 31, 2013, Moody's had $1.6 billion of share repurchase authority remaining under its current program, reflecting the additional $1.0 billion of share repurchase authority approved on February 12, 2013. As of March 31, 2013, Moody's had $1.6 billion of outstanding debt and $1 billion of additional debt capacity available under our revolving credit facility. Cash and cash equivalents were $1.8 billion as of March 31, 2013, an increase of $943 million from a year earlier. As of March 31, 2013, approximately 50% of our cash holdings were maintained outside the U.S. Free cash flow of $194 million increased $147 million from a year ago, due in part to first quarter 2012 payments related to the settlement of state and local matters. While -- we remain committed to using our strong cash flow to create value for shareholders while maintaining sufficient liquidity. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Ray.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I'll continue with a brief update on regulatory and legal developments. First, in the U.S. In December 2012, the SEC published its report under Dodd-Frank on matters related to assigning credit ratings for structured finance products, commonly referred to as Franken amendment study. On May 14, the commission will host a roundtable to which Moody's has been invited and in which we will participate. Turning to Europe. As discussed on previous calls, few additional steps remain in the legislative process for a third round of legislation related to credit rating agencies, known as CRA3, is finalized. We expect that CRA3 will come into effect sometime in the second half of 2013, and we are currently preparing for its implementation. Finally, as you are aware, last week, we settled 2 litigation matters known as the Abu Dhabi and Rhinebridge cases. These settlements allow us put the distraction of these very protracted legal matters behind us. I'll conclude this morning's prepared comments by discussing our full year guidance for 2013. Moody's' outlook for 2013 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, corporate profitability, business investment spending, merger and acquisition activity, consumer borrowing and securitization and the amount of debt issued. There's an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions, and if actual conditions differ, Moody's' results for the year may differ materially from the current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end-of-quarter exchange rates. As I mentioned earlier, our full year 2013 non-GAAP EPS guidance range is now $3.49 to $3.59, which reflects our continued focus on cost control and also excludes the impact of the litigation settlement charge. For Moody's overall, the company still expects full year 2013 revenue to grow in the high single-digit percent range. Full year 2013 operating expenses are now projected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Full year 2013 operating margin is now projected to be 41% to 42%, and adjusted operating margin for the year is now expected to be 44% to 45%. Guidance ranges for operating expenses, operating margin and adjusted operating margin all include the litigation settlement charge. The effective tax rate is still expected to be approximately 32%. We still expect full year 2013 share repurchases of approximately $500 million, subject to available cash, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decisions. Capital expenditures are still projected to be approximately $50 million. We still expect approximately $100 million in depreciation and amortization expense. Incremental compliance and regulatory expense is still projected to be $10 million to $15 million. Free cash flow is expected to be approximately $850 million. Certain components of our 2013 guidance have also been modified to reflect the company's currently view of business conditions. For the Global MIS business, revenue for full year 2013 is still expected to increase in the high single-digit percent range. Within the U.S., MIS revenue is now expected to increase in the low double-digit percent range, while non-U.S. revenue is now expected to increase in the low single-digit percent range, reflecting anticipated ongoing weakness in the European structured finance markets. Corporate finance revenue is now projected to grow in the low double-digit percent range. Revenue from structured finance is now expected to be about flat, while revenue from financial institutions is still expected to grow in the low single-digit percent range. Public project and infrastructure finance revenue is still expected to increase in the low double-digit percent range. For Moody's Analytics, full year 2013 revenue is still expected to increase in the high single-digit percent range. Within the U.S., Moody's Analytics revenue is also expected to increase in the high single-digit percent range. Non-U.S. revenue is now also expected to increase in the high single-digit percent range. Revenue from research, data and analytics is still projected to grow in the high single-digit percent range, while revenue for enterprise risk resolutions is still expected to grow in the low double-digit percent range. Professional services revenue is now projected to grow in the high single-digit percent range, reflecting softness in the training and certification business. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining us for the question-and-answer session is Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics. Michel Madelain, the President of Moody's Investor Service is traveling and unable to join us today. We'd be pleased to take any questions that you have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll hear first from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The first question, just on the litigation settlement. I mean, I guess you've given us many different ways to back into it, which is helpful. Can you just maybe help clarify how that works with like, I guess, what the accounting is with the 20 million reserves you took last quarter, like does that have any adjustments in this quarter? And also what the tax rate for the tax-deductibility of that settlement is?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, with respect to the reserves, any remaining amounts that we had accrued for defense costs relating to Abu Dhabi or Rhinebridge are no longer necessary, and those have been reversed.
Linda S. Huber: And Manav, it's Linda. We're not going to attempt to go through how the accounting works step by step on the call. However, we would note that our 10-Q is coming out later today. You may want to take a look at that. And as I said earlier in the script, the settlement charge is tax-deductible. We're not going to go into information on the specific rate, though.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Can I ask -- in terms of the guidance, which on the expense and margin side you obviously lowered because of the settlement charge, if we would exclude that, did the sort of ranges and commentary you provided us last quarter change one way or the other materially?
Linda S. Huber: We had been at $3.45 to $3.55, which was a GAAP number. We've had the settlement charge, which is $0.14. Our new EPS guidance, which is non-GAAP, we would note, is $3.49 to $3.59. That centers on $3.54, which shows an increase of $0.04 as a result of, as Ray said, increased focus on cost control. Now we'll see where we go as we go through the year. Ray may want to comment a little bit further. We're only through 1 quarter of the year. In recent years, we've been surprised by things like interesting activities in Europe during the summer. So for this point in the year, we think that $3.49 to $3.59 feels about right.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes, I'd just emphasize Linda's point. On Europe, we have taken a cautious approach in our outlook. Hopefully, it's a conservative approach. But for each of the last few years, we have had periods of market interruption or dislocation really centered on some of the stresses and recessionary pressures in Europe.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: So Ray, you've enjoyed very impressive growth in the Moody's Investors Services business for the last several years. We're seeing some signs of life domestically in the structured finance markets. So I'm wondering how your thinking has changed, if at all, in terms of sustainable revenue growth outlook for the ratings side of the business now that structured finance seems to be coming back. Are you feeling any more optimistic about what the revenue numbers could look like over the next few years?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, as you note, Peter, I think I've been feeling pretty optimistic about the outlook for the last few years. We have said that we think we can, on average, grow at a low double-digit percent rate. Obviously, that will be subject to cyclical factors. But the underlying drivers for the business, I think, are as strong, if not stronger, today than they have been in recent years. As economic activity regains some momentum in the U.S., as Europe works through the stresses that it has to work through and the consequences of that in terms of changes in the banking system and growth in the bond markets, capital markets and the further maturation of the emerging capital markets, all of these are powerful. I'd also just note that the recent comments, very recent comments, coming out of the European Central Bank looking for resumption of asset-backed securitization activity in Europe are also encouraging, if a longer-term driver.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: And Linda, on the tax rate, specifically for the first quarter, beyond litigation, there was something else going on, I assume. Can you help us understand that?
Linda S. Huber: Sure, Peter. That was primarily due to the domestic tax benefit associated with the litigation settlement, but again, we'd ask you to take a look at the Q and see what you think, and then maybe we can help you a little bit further.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then, Linda, can you give me any guidance on the cost of implementation of CRA3? Is that going to be a big item?
Linda S. Huber: What we've said in terms of the incremental regulatory and compliance expense, Peter, we've mentioned, and Ray just confirmed, $10 million to $15 million this year. We think we've got a good start on much of that, but again, those rules are not totally finalized. So we're going to have to wait and see what comes of that. Peter, I wanted to take just a moment to kind of go through market conditions, which Ray had touched on sort of in the macro. And if it's okay with you, we've got some commentaries around what we're hearing from the banks in terms of investment-grade and high-yield issuance, if that's okay with you?
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Please.
Linda S. Huber: Okay. So investment-grade issuance to date 2013, we've heard, has surprised to the upside. We've seen $325 billion of year-to-date issuance versus $319 billion in 2012, which is an increase of 2%. $50 billion had been expected in April, and the total came in at $106 billion. Now $17 billion of that was Apple, so you can do what you want with that information. One bank is reviewing its 2013 volume predictions of $800 billion and may move that up by $50 billion to $100 billion. Another is keeping its original forecast of $750 billion, as it expects issuance to flow in the second half of the year. So you can kind of look at some different views there on issuance. Apple had the largest U.S. dollar offering at $17 billion and generated demand of $50 billion, had the largest single tranche ever of $55 billion. Expected high-grade volumes in May are $80 billion to $100 billion, and expected high-grade second quarter volumes are $200 billion to $250 billion in issuance. The key things we're seeing: continuing drop in U.S. Treasury rates, which were 2.05% in March, 1.64% currently; and continued tightening in spreads. Investment-grade spreads are at record lows, 20 basis points tighter year-to-date, and that is very helpful for borrowers. We're seeing new and infrequent issuers playing a larger role this year. We've seen borrowers who haven't tapped the markets since before 2009 comprise 25% of corporate issuance. So that's a different borrower group than we've seen before. We're seeing dropped new issue concessions and preference for shorter-dated paper as investors are concerned about what will happen with the eventual Fed exit. Use of proceeds is mostly refinancing with some M&A and recent uptick in return of capital, such as Apple, and fund flows have been positive: $29 billion flowing into investment-grade funds versus $23 billion in 2012. If we turn to high yields, similarly to the high-grade market, high yield has outpaced expectations. Demand for loans, though, continues to outpace bonds. Bond, $130 billion year-to-date versus $127 billion last year. Loans at about double that pace, $286 billion in high-yield, high-leverage loans versus $108 billion last year. That's up 65%. We expect those volumes to be about -- bond volumes to be the same as 2012, and loans expected to be higher. We are seeing still a lot of CLO issuance, running 3x ahead of 2012. Use of proceeds for high yield is about 2/3 refinancing, and the balance, M&A and general corporate purposes. Funds flow is about $1.7 billion into bonds year-to-date, and significantly higher funds flows into leveraged loans, about 4x that of funds. $9.3 billion fund flows into leveraged loans. So we're continuing to see good fundamentals, good levels, and that's helpful to us. So sorry for the long explanation, but hope that's helpful.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: That's great. That's very helpful. And can I just ask one other thing?
Linda S. Huber: Sure.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: With regard to the Abu Dhabi settlement, should we perhaps interpret that as an indication of greater willingness to consider settlement of other cases?
Raymond W. McDaniel: No. We haven't changed our view on how we handle litigation. As a general matter, our approach is unchanged. There were circumstances in this case that made us feel that the ongoing legal cost of 2 federal trials and the distraction of those cases made it in the best interest of shareholders that we go ahead and complete the settlement.
Operator: Our next question today comes from William Bird with Lazard.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk about just your point of view on the durability of the strength you've seen in leveraged loans. And Linda, can you discuss, I guess, how you see your expense profile unfolding in coming quarters?
Linda S. Huber: Sure. On leveraged loans, Bill, it seems to be the place where investors want to be in the high-yield sector right now. As I just said, fund flow is running 4x stronger into those leveraged loans, and it seems to be that, given the questions about the interest rate outlook, variable-rate paper seems to be more attractive to investors than fixed-rate paper. So we would expect that, that trend would probably continue. Now, of course, issuance in the high yield area, whether bonds or loans, is very specifically tied to that all-in funding cost. And if that moves, which it sometimes does, we can see periods where windows close pretty quickly. But for right now, things look relatively good.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes, I'd just add that some of this is -- I think we've characterized as opportunistic, given the rate environment that Linda referenced and the relatively narrow spreads that we're seeing. And some of it is, I think, again, more structural in terms of a shift in the mix of debt and the rating of bank loans that are then available to go into other vehicles such as collateralized loan obligations, and there's been a lot of demand for those vehicles. So I would expect that, outside of the opportunistic nature of this, we would also continue to see the diversification of the debt mix available in the market.
Linda S. Huber: And Bill, on your second question regarding the expense outlook, we want to be very clear in explaining to everyone that first quarter includes all the charges related to the litigation settlements. That's it. So you won't see those in the future quarters. If you remove those settlement costs, we still expect expenses to ramp about $50 million over the balance of the year from Q1 sort of normalized expenses through to Q4. About half of that will be growth in compensation, and the other half will be various non-comp costs. So that's what the outlook is for right now.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And what was your incentive comp accrual in the quarter?
Linda S. Huber: Sure. Hang on just one second. We'll get that for you. Okay, incentive comp for the quarter was about $30 million, which was about flat to last year's first quarter incentive compensation accrual.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just staying on the, I guess, on the MIS business and the outlook there. It looks like this quarter, you had tremendous operating leverage if I back out the settlement charge. I mean, really, really high, like 90%-plus or so. So just maybe you can give us a little bit more color on what drove that. Obviously, you just talked about high yield being strong in bank loans, but maybe just talk about the different areas and how they changed your margin profile as we think about the outlook here.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, the strength in corporate finance in terms of issuance volumes was complemented by the mix because it was the speculative-grade part of that market that was so active. And that is, as we've discussed previously, a beneficial area for us financially when that is active. Linda may have some more specifics on this, but I don't think we had 90% leverage. But it was a good quarter, obviously.
Linda S. Huber: Sure, Alex. Generally, I count on Craig to ask this question, but I'll go ahead anyway. For the first quarter of 2013, looking at the corporate line as compared to first quarter last year, investment grade was about flat at $44 million, but that was only 17% of the total corporate line of $258 million. Last year, it was higher at 22%. So high yield was considerably higher, $75.6 million versus $51.6 million last year, and it's 29% of the total corporate line. So you're correct. We've seen much greater revenue from this spec-grade line. Bank loans also considerably higher, $55.8 million this year versus $34.7 million last year. That's up 22%. And other accounts also up nicely to $82.4 million from $70 million last year. That's 32%. So the total for corporate is $258.3 million, and that represents 50% of the whole MIS business. So I hope that helps you.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, I didn't mean to steal anybody's question. But real quick, just to stay on the same topic. When you compare bank loans and high yields, how do those margin profiles compare? I know you can't really compare because it's probably the same people, but how does that usually compare?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes, it is the same people, and it's really driven as much as anything by whether we are seeing relatively more refinancing or new money financing from new mandates. And this past quarter, we happened to have both a lot of new mandates, which, because they are more time consuming than companies that we already follow, are initially a lower-margin business, but we also had very high levels of refinancing. So it was just a strong quarter for spec-grade corporate book bonds and loans.
Linda S. Huber: And Alex, as we put out the new investor deck here in a couple of days, we'll have more detail on the new mandates. But new mandates are running strong, and you can see that when we put out that new investor presentation pretty soon.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. Just moving on to the capital return real quick. I think you gave the number of 500 million for buybacks. Just backward looking a little bit here, I mean, you bought back a, I would say, small amount of stock in the first quarter. So any more color you can give us? I mean, the stock obviously got crushed, if I may used that word, in early February, and you obviously bought back at a good price. But it seems like you could have been a little bit more aggressive, in particular as you were working towards the settlement. So maybe a little bit more color here.
Linda S. Huber: Alex, we'd point out a year is a long time, and we've only been through 1 quarter. We've done about $91 million worth, which is about 20% of the $500 million that we said we would do. So give us a little bit of time. Things have changed quite a bit here in the last week, so we're now focused on our forward-looking capital allocation program, which we will be discussing, and we'll take a look at our share repurchase. We'll take a look at our dividend levels. The stock price is higher. Dividend yields could use a little bit of work. We'll see where we go with that, but we were -- are well aware of the $500 million commitment, and we've got 3 quarters to go here.
Raymond W. McDaniel: And I'd just add that, again, our ability to conduct opportunistic share repurchase as opposed to programmatic share repurchase is constrained when we have information that the market doesn't, and these litigation settlements were something that we were obviously aware of in the weeks before it was announced.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, that's what I figured. I just wanted to make sure. And then just last one for me. You gave a little bit of color on the outlook here for the second quarter. I think one area you didn't touch upon was the RMBS or -- particularly the private market there. It seems like we're seeing a few green shoots here with a little bit of issuance in the U.S. here, a couple of things coming to market. So any other color you could provide when you talk to the banks and issuers and so forth?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes, I would agree with you. We are seeing some green shoots. That market is coming back slowly as issuers and investors look at the appropriate terms, conditions for a resumption of the RMBS market. So the absolute volume levels are still quite light, even though we can see some progress. Unfortunately, it's being more than offset on a cyclical basis from the European side, where the RMBS market, as well as the covered bond market, have been very weak in the first quarter. But again, the good news there is we can see that, that is a cyclical downturn as opposed to something longer-term.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll move next to Doug Arthur with Evercore.
Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just -- I guess, one change in guidance in structured. You previously saw overall as up mid-single, now you're saying flat. And obviously, U.S. looks quite strong. So I'm wondering if you can elaborate on the weakness you're seeing in structured in Europe. And then, in terms of your guidance for the year, obviously, the comps in the second half, investment grade and high yield, are more difficult. Can you comment on that?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes. As you've, I think, correctly identified, there's a bit of a tug-of-war going on in structured finance, where we're seeing good growth in the U.S. and offsetting declines outside the U.S., particularly centered in Europe, as I said, and particularly centered in the mortgage-backed securities in Europe. Although, really, most asset categories in Europe were down in the first quarter. So we don't expect it to be down as much in the succeeding quarters as it was in the first quarter, but again, we are cautious about the pace of recovery in the European market. As I said earlier in our comments, hopefully, we are being overly conservative on that. But right now, we're just not seeing a lot in the pipeline there.
Linda S. Huber: And Doug, it's Linda. In terms of MIS as a whole, MIS, as we said, did $521 million in the first quarter. The second quarter is about the same, and the third quarter would be the one where we'd ask everybody to focus a little bit and look at expectations for the third quarter in terms of the MIS revenue line. You're right that comps get tougher as we go through the year. But traditionally, third quarter has been a little bit softer. Again, as Ray had said, we continue to be on the watch for any unusual activity in terms of the European situation in the third quarter. And then the fourth quarter, as you pointed out, in 2012 was tremendously strong. And that, as we said on the previous call, may be the only one that isn't absolutely up from last year. So I hope that helps you in terms of how we're thinking about it, which, of course, may or may not be a correct and accurate forecast. We're going to have to see.
Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So let me just clarify. In the third quarter, you're saying traditionally -- obviously, it's a summer quarter. It's traditional weaker. So I mean, is your implication that, between that and the comps, it will not be up much at this -- obviously, it's very early to have a crystal ball.
Raymond W. McDaniel: No, that's -- we had an unusually strong third quarter last year. Just the market pattern didn't follow what we normally see, and we're assuming that the third quarter is going to go back to being a relatively light quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: I did want to just finish up that one question from before, Linda, if you could just break down within structured finance, financial institutions and PPIF, the revenue categories on a percentage basis and/or dollar?
Linda S. Huber: Sure, Craig. So we did CFG, and we'll move on to structured. So for the first quarter 2013, global structured revenue was $93 million. And asset-backed securities of that is $23 million. It's about 25% of the total. RMBS, about $17 million, 18% of the total. Commercial real estate, $25 million, which is 28% of the total. And derivatives, $26.8 million, specifically, which is 29% of the total. So again, very good strength in derivatives, and that has been helpful to us. Moving on to the FIG line. We don't usually have a lot of exciting movement here. $86.5 million for the quarter. We're looking at $60 million for banking. It's about 70% of the total, which is about where we were last year. Insurance is $22 million, 26% of the total, marginally up from last year. Managed investments, $3.9 million, almost $4 million. That's 5%. So those percentages are relatively as they were last year, with maybe a bit more strength in insurance. Going on to public project and infrastructure. Total for the quarter is $83 million. Public finance and sovereigns, $42 million, which is 51% of the total, about flat from last year. Munis, about $4 million, again, flat from last year. Project and infrastructure, $37 million, 44%, about the same as last year. And again, the total for PPIF is $83 million. And I think that's it.
Craig Huber: And then also just a couple of quick housekeeping questions, and I think I might have a follow-on. I think the last 2 quarters, your cash on your balance sheet, 50% to 52% of that was tied up overseas. What's the update on that number, please?
Linda S. Huber: Sure. As we said on the script, that continues to be about 50-50. We've got about 8 50 [ph] in the U.S. and about 9 10 [ph] internationally, Craig.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes, so it's 48%, 52% right now.
Linda S. Huber: Yes.
Craig Huber: And is the plans of that, given just how expensive it is to take it, bring it back home here, given the tax situation, is just to keep it overseas and use it opportunistically for acquisitions?
Linda S. Huber: Yes, that's correct.
Raymond W. McDaniel: And obviously, if there are opportunities to bring it back under some sort of tax holiday, we, like everyone else in corporate America, would look at that.
Craig Huber: How much is your head count change here in the first 3 months this year, please?
Linda S. Huber: Sure, hang on just a second. Let me see. Since the end of 2012, not too much. Let me see here. We are up, let me see, we're up only 73 people since the end of last year, which is about 1%. So we haven't grown too much. Over the course of the year, Craig, year-over-year comparisons were up 7%. And most of that, again, has been in the business lines, particularly Moody's Analytics, and particularly overseas. Those numbers do exclude -- include Copal Partners. So that can be a big addition, big line of addition for us.
Craig Huber: And then my last question, please. Just speak a little about -- a little further about what happened over in Asia in the quarter on your ratings business.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Sure. The Corporate Finance business in Asia was strong, just as it was in Europe and the U.S. Structured finance, similar to Europe, was somewhat soft, although not nearly to the degree that Europe was. And financial institutions, we had growth that broadly reflected what we saw in the U.S. So low double-digit growth outside of Europe internationally. And public project and infrastructure finance, which is relatively small, but was down a bit in Asia.
Craig Huber: If I could just sneak one more in here. This upcoming roundtable discussion, as you think about that, are you expecting much -- anything material to come out of that?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, we will be participating in it. There are a couple of different panels. I think, as you would expect, the roundtables are an opportunity for people with very diverse points of view to share their views and for the staff at the SEC to collect this wide range of viewpoints. I expect that's what's we're going to hear, given the roles and responsibilities of the different participants who are joining the roundtable.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll move next to Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So my first question is with the Abu Dhabi and the King County cases resolved, I think that knocks out 2 of the 3 legal proceedings that you had discussed in your SEC filings. So maybe now is a good time to take a step back and kind of talk about where you see yourself in the overall process of dealing with these issues? And then, I guess, on a similar vein, when you are through dealing with all these issues, how do you view your professional expenses and the impact on your expense base when you no longer have to deal with all this stuff?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes. Just to answer the second question first, yes, we would expect to see a reduction in our ongoing legal defense costs from what they are today. The trials that -- or the lawsuits that we are continuing to deal with are -- many of them are in discovery, and the discovery process is a relatively expensive process. That being said, of the U.S. lawsuits that were filed since the financial crisis, we had about a little more than 4 dozen cases against us, and a little more than 3 dozen of those cases are -- have been disposed of in one way or another.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So you have about a dozen outstanding cases that you're currently working your way through?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes, approximately.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] It appears there are no further questions or comments at this time.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Okay. I just want to thank everyone for joining the call today, and we look forward to speaking with you again in July. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude Moody's' First Quarter Earnings Call. And as a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 3:30 p.m. Eastern time on Moody's' website, which is ir.moody's.com. Thank you.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-08 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Salli Schwartz - Global Head of Investor Relations and Vice President of Investor Relations Raymond W. McDaniel - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director, Member of MIS Committee and Member of International Business Development Committee Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Michel Madelain - President of Moody's Investors Service Inc and Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investors Service Inc Mark E. Almeida - President of Moody’s Analytics
Analysts: William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division William A. Warmington - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Craig Huber Craig A. Huber - Access 3:42, LLC Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Edward J. Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the Moody's Corporation Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year-End 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Salli Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's results for 2012 and our outlook for 2013. I'm Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. This morning, Moody's released its results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2012 as well as guidance for full year 2013. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, President and Chief Executive Officer of Moody's Corporation, will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody's Corporation. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission's website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Thank you, Salli. Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's fourth quarter and full year 2012 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights, and I will then speak to recent regulatory and legal developments and finish with comments on our outlook for 2013. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. Fourth quarter revenue of $754 million increased 33% over the fourth quarter of 2011. We benefited from double-digit revenue growth in most lines of business, driven by robust Corporate finance ratings activity at Moody's Investor Service and continued strong growth across Moody's Analytics. Operating expenses for the fourth quarter were $494 million, a 25% increase from the fourth quarter of 2011, and included a nontax-deductible goodwill impairment charge of $12 million or an EPS impact of about $0.06 related to our training and certification business. Operating income for the fourth quarter was $260 million, a 51% increase from the prior year period. Adjusted operating income for the fourth quarter was $296 million, up 54% from the same period last year. Diluted earnings per share of $0.70 for the fourth quarter increased 63% from the prior year period. For full year 2012, Moody's revenue of $2.7 billion increased 20% from full year 2011. Revenue at Moody's Investor Service was $1.9 billion, an increase of 20% from last year. Moody's Analytics revenue of $844 million was 19% higher than the prior year period. Approximately half of Moody's Analytics' 2012 revenue growth was organic. Operating expenses for the full year 2012 were $1.7 billion, up 19% from 2011. Operating income of $1.1 billion increased 21% from $888 million in 2011. Full year 2012 adjusted operating income of $1.2 billion increased 22% from the prior year period. Diluted earnings per share of $3.05 for 2012, which included a $0.06 legacy tax benefit in the third quarter, increased 22% from the prior year period. Excluding legacy tax benefits in both years, diluted earnings per share of $2.99 for the full year 2012 also grew 22% year-over-year. I'll now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Linda S. Huber: Thanks, Ray. I'll begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody's total revenue for the quarter increased 33% to $754 million. Foreign currency translation for the quarter was negligible. U.S. fourth quarter revenue increased 40% to $401 million, while revenue outside the U.S. grew 26% to $353 million and represented 47% of Moody's total revenue, down slightly from 50% in the year-ago period. Recurring revenue grew 10% to $351 million and represented 46% of total revenue, down from 56% in the prior year period. This was primarily the result of faster-growing transaction revenue, driven by robust investment-grade and speculative-grade issuance. Looking now at each of our businesses, Moody's Investor Service revenue for the quarter was $519 million, up 42% from the prior year period. Foreign currency translation for the quarter unfavorably impacted MIS revenue by 1%. U.S. revenue for MIS increased 49% to $307 million over the prior year period. Revenue outside the U.S. of $213 million increased 32% and represented 41% of total ratings revenue. Within MIS, global corporate finance revenue in the fourth quarter increased 73% from the year-ago period to $245 million, primarily driven by record issuance in both investment-grade and speculative-grade markets globally as corporations continued to take advantage of historically low interest rates. Revenue was up 72% year-over-year in the U.S. and up 76% outside of the U.S. Global structured finance revenue for the fourth quarter was $103 million, 18% above the prior year period. In the U.S., revenue increased 50% year-over-year due to strong issuance of commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized loan obligations. International structured finance revenue was down 9% against the prior year period, primarily reflecting weaker issuance in residential mortgage-backed securities in Europe. Global financial institutions revenue of $86 million increased 29% from the same quarter of 2011, primarily reflecting increased banking issuance activity from issuers taking advantage of improving market conditions. U.S. revenue was up 39%, and non-U.S. revenue was up 23% as compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. Global revenue for the public, project and infrastructure finance business rose 19% year-over-year to $85 million. Revenue was up 9% in the U.S. primarily due to gains in project finance, while non-U.S. revenue increased 36%, reflecting growth in European infrastructure finance as issuers increasingly sought financing from the bond market as compared to banks. Turning now to Moody's Analytics. Global revenue for Moody's Analytics of $235 million was up 17% from the fourth quarter of 2011. Approximately 2/3 of MA's growth in the fourth quarter was organic. Including the impact of foreign currency translation, revenue grew 18%. U.S. revenue grew by 16% year-over-year to $94 million. Non-U.S. revenue increased 18% to $141 million and represented 60% of the total Moody's Analytics revenue. Globally, revenue from research, data and analytics of $126 million increased 9% from the prior year period and represented 54% of total MA revenue. We continue to see good demand for credit research via our Credit Review (sic) [CreditView] offering as well as strong customer retention rates in the mid-90% range. U.S. revenue was up 11%, and non-U.S. revenue was up 7% compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. Revenue from enterprise risk solutions of $79 million grew 31% from last year, reflecting strong growth of products and services that support bank, regulatory and compliance activities, as well as the December 2011 acquisition of Barrie & Hibbert. Revenue was up 19% in the U.S., and non-U.S. revenue was up 36% against the prior year period. Organic subscription revenue, which includes MA's research, data and analytics segment and certain products within MA's enterprise risk solution segment, was up 10% for the fourth quarter of 2012. Professional services revenue grew 21% to $30 million, reflecting the acquisition of a majority stake in Copal Partners in November 2011. U.S. revenue nearly tripled, while non-U.S. revenue increased 11% year-over-year. Turning now to expenses. Moody's fourth quarter expenses were $494 million, an increase of 25% compared to fourth quarter 2011. Incremental compensation expense, which accounted for slightly less than half of the year-on-year expense growth, was primarily driven by higher accruals for incentive compensation and Moody's profit sharing. This reflected the stronger full year results as well as increased headcount from our growth in our existing businesses and from acquisitions in late 2011. Fourth quarter expense growth also reflected an accrual to cover future estimated legal defense costs for our upcoming Abu Dhabi and Rheinridge [ph] trials. Expenses also included the previously mentioned nontax-deductible goodwill impairment charge of $12 million. Excluding growth from incentive compensation and profit sharing as well as legal and impairment costs, expenses for the fourth quarter were 10% higher than the prior year period. Impact of foreign currency translation on operating expenses for the quarter was negligible. Despite increased costs, Moody's reported operating margin expanded 420 basis points year-over-year from 30.3% in the fourth quarter of 2011, 34.5% for the current quarter. Adjusted operating margin was 39.3% for the quarter, up from 34% from the same period last year. Moody's effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.5% compared with 37% for the prior year period. The decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the favorable impact of tax planning initiatives related to foreign income in 2012. And now I'll provide an update on capital allocation. Moody's increased its quarterly dividend on December 11, 2012, by 25% to $0.20 per share of common stock. During the fourth quarter of 2012, Moody's repurchased 1.5 million shares at a total cost of $71 million and issued 1.9 million shares under employee stock-based compensation plans. For the full year 2012, Moody's repurchased 4.8 million shares at a total cost of $197 million for an average price of $40.58 per share and issued 6 million shares under employee stock-based compensation plans. Shares outstanding as of December 31, 2012, totaled 223 million, essentially flat from a year earlier. As of year end, Moody's had 667 million shares -- $1 million, excuse me, of share repurchase authority remaining under its current program. Moody's is currently in the market repurchasing shares under our systematic repurchase program. As of December 31, 2012, Moody's had $1.7 billion of outstanding debt and $1 billion of outstanding debt capacity available under our revolving credit facility. Cash and cash equivalents were $1.8 billion as of December 31, 2012, an increase of $995 million from a year earlier, due in part to Moody's August 12 bond offering of $550 million of unsecured notes. As of December 31, 2012, approximately 50% of our cash holdings were maintained outside the U.S. Free cash flow for 2012 was $778 million, an increase of $43 million from a year ago. We remain committed to using our strong cash flow to create value for shareholders while maintaining sufficient liquidity. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Ray.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I'll continue with an update on regulatory and legal developments. In the U.S. in December 2012, the SEC published and delivered its report under Dodd-Frank on matters relating to assigning credit ratings for structured finance products, which is commonly referred to as the Franken amendment study. After an analysis of the benefits and concerns of the various business models, SEC staff identified potential courses of action but noted that any changes through commission rule making would require additional study of relevant information. In this respect, commission staff recommended that a roundtable be convened at which proponents and critics would be invited to discuss the study and its findings. The timing of this roundtable has not yet been announced. The remainder of the SEC's rule making under Dodd-Frank is expected later this year. Turning to Europe, as discussed on previous calls, the European Commission proposed in November 2011 to expand regulatory oversight of credit rating agencies operating in the EU and to address issues such as reliance on ratings and regulation, accountability, competition, transparency and managing conflicts of interest. After a year of dialogue among political institutions, regulatory authorities and market participants, last month the European Parliament voted on and adopted a third round of legislation related to credit rating agencies known CRA3. A few additional steps remain in the legislative process before CRA3 is finalized. We expect that CRA3 will come into effect sometime in the second half of 2013. Moody's is presently taking the necessary steps to prepare for the implementation of the new regulations. As always, we will continue to advocate for globally consistent approaches in line with the G-20 statements and directives. Finally, we have received a number of questions from shareholders and analysts about the U.S. Department of Justice's civil complaint filed this week against McGraw-Hill and S&P. As we have been disclosing in our 10-Q and 10-K filings, Moody's, like other financial services firms, has been subject to heightened scrutiny, increased regulation, ongoing investigation and civil litigation. As such, Moody's routinely receives inquiries and responds to requests for information, as well as hosts inspections and reviews by authorities in jurisdictions worldwide. While we believe specific matters are material, we communicate those matters in our filings and other disclosures to the market. Moody's has not been named as a party in the Department of Justice's complaint against McGraw-Hill and S&P. We have no basis to comment on that matter. I'll conclude this morning's prepared remarks by discussing our full year guidance for 2013. Moody's outlook for 2013 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, corporate profitability, business investment spending, merger and acquisition activity, consumer borrowing and securitization and the amount of debt issue. There's an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions, and if actual conditions differ, Moody's results for the year may differ materially from the current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end-of-quarter exchange rates. Despite ongoing economic uncertainty, we anticipate generally favorable market conditions will remain in place in 2013. As a result, we expect growth across all areas of our business this year. For Moody's overall, the company expects full year 2013 revenue to grow in the high single-digit percent range. Full year 2013 operating expenses are projected to increase in the low single-digit percent range. Full year 2013 operating margin is projected to be between 42% and 43%, and adjusted operating margin for the year is expected to be between 46% and 47%. The effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 32%. The company expects diluted earnings per share for the full year 2013 in the range of $3.45 to $3.55. We expect full year 2013 share repurchases of approximately $500 million subject to available cash, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decisions. These repurchases are meant to substantially offset the impact of employee stock-based compensation plans. As you are aware, we strive to strike a balance between share repurchases and dividends, which have increased in line with earnings. Capital expenditures are projected to be approximately $50 million. We expect approximately $100 million in depreciation and amortization expense. Incremental compliance and regulatory expense is projected to be in the $10 million to $15 million range. For the global MIS business, revenue for full year 2013 is expected to increase in the high single-digit percent range. Within the U.S., MIS revenue is expected to increase in the high single-digit percent range, while non-U.S. revenue is expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Corporate finance revenue is projected to grow in the high single-digit percent range. Revenue from structured finance is expected to grow in the mid-single-digit percent range. Our revenue from financial institutions is expected to grow in the low single-digit range. Public, project and infrastructure finance revenue is expected to increase in the low double-digit percent range. For Moody's Analytics, full year 2013 revenue is expected to increase in the high single-digit percent range. Within the U.S., MA revenue is expected to increase in the high single-digit percent range, non-U.S. revenue is expected to increase in the low double-digit percent range. Revenue from research, data and analytics is projected to grow in the high single-digit percent range, while revenue for enterprise risk solutions and professional services are each projected to grow in the low double-digit percent range. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining us for the question-and-answer session is Michel Madelain, President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investor Service; and Mark Almeida, the President of Moody's Analytics. We'd be pleased to take any actions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from William Bird with Lazard.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Ray, given what your stock is doing, are you likely to front-load stock buybacks this year?
Raymond W. McDaniel: I think we're going to have to look at how the stock performs over a bit longer period of time. Our thinking had been to be fairly balanced in our share repurchase throughout the year, and we haven't made any different decision at this point.
William G. Bird - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Also, I guess at a higher level, you touched on recent legal developments. I was wondering if you can just give kind of your perspective just on how one gets comfortable with recent legal developments.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, I think the matter that I mentioned in our prepared remarks, as far as the Department of Justice's complaint, is -- really, all I can say is that we are not a party to that, and so we are not really able to comment because we don't have any information other than what is publicly available. I would add that we don't have any knowledge of any impending complaint by the Department of Justice raising similar claims against Moody's.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bill Warmington with Raymond James.
William A. Warmington - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: First question for you is there were some news this morning that the European Central Bank, said banks will be repaying EUR 5 billion of its emergency 3-year loan and -- over the next week. I just wanted to ask about that -- sorry, it's EUR 5 billion, about USD 6.7 billion. How about that as a driver of the financial institution issuance in Europe in 2013?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Sure. I guess it's probably worth reminding everyone that in the financial institutions area, in particular, our business is more heavily weighted towards recurring revenue and annual pricing agreements. So we are not a susceptible leader, on the positive or negative side, to changes in issuance volumes. That being said, the indications -- any indications of repaying loans would be an indication of potential market stability and some improved economic activity, and we would have to look at that as a positive. At the same time, we do expect that deleveraging in the banking sector, particularly in Europe, is going to continue, and that's a positive.
William A. Warmington - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the share repurchases, I just wanted to ask if the intent there is to offset dilution or to create a net reduction. And in that sense, I wanted to ask the -- your thoughts on what the fully diluted shares exiting 2013 are that are built into the $3.45 to $3.55 guidance.
Linda S. Huber: Sure, Bill. It's Linda. Our intent was doing $500 million of share repurchase in 2013 would be the first cover dilution from employee issuance plans; and then, secondly, to hopefully have some reduction in the overall share count. Now that depends on a lot of things. It's a little tricky to model because, as you may have noticed, our share price has been a bit volatile of late. So at this point, we are modeling a slight reduction, but we're going to have to see how it goes. Very tricky model at this point.
William A. Warmington - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Gotcha. And that $12 million amortization charge that you mentioned, does that -- I just want to confirm, that works out to be about $0.05 after tax?
Linda S. Huber: I think we're thinking it's -- yes, it's about $0.06 after tax.
William A. Warmington - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: $0.06 after tax.
Linda S. Huber: Subject to rounding, Bill. But yes, $12 million, not to be tax affected.
William A. Warmington - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then I had one last question. It's -- are you seeing any evidence on a -- of a shift in corporate debt issuance motives? It seems up until now, the issuance has been very oriented towards refinancing. Are you starting to see any issuance to other purposes? M&A, plant expansion, something like that?
Linda S. Huber: Sure. Let me talk a little bit about issuance. And I'd like to first talk about investment grade, and then I'd like to talk about high yield. We've polled a couple of the banks going into this earnings call, and I think the general comment would be issuance so far in 2013 has been stronger than expected. January for U.S. high grade, we saw $112 billion of issuance. That was the fifth largest month on record. And the expected volumes for February, polling 3 different banks -- and again, we talked to Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Citi and Morgan Stanley -- looking at an average of $67 billion for the U.S. for February. If you look at the last 7 years' average, that was about $61 billion. So that skews a little bit towards the higher end. For the first quarter, we're looking at an average of $262 billion of U.S. high-grade issuance. Again, compared to what we might see over the 7-year average, that was $234 billion. So again, first quarter in high grade is looking pretty healthy. What we're seeing so far in terms of use of proceeds is mixed. We're seeing some prefunding, some share repo, some pension funding, some M&A, some refinancing. So a bit of a mix across the use of proceeds scale. Overall, the banks are generally viewing that issuance will be down a bit, 2013 over 2012. We're seeing a range sort of ranging from flattish to down 10%-ish. We are modeling revenues down for high grade in sort of the highest -- high-ish single digits. We'd like to comment that every week, we've seen positive fund flows for high grade this year, total of $7.8 billion. So incoming fund flows into bond funds are good. Now turning to high yield, activity in January has been robust, and the quota is as good as it's ever been. $41 billion of high-grade -- excuse me, high-yield issuance in January, and volumes for February, about $23 billion of high-yield issuance. Again, we're seeing call it about 10% reduction in high-yield issuance in 2013 versus 2012. And on use of proceeds, basically the same things we've seen before: refinancing, repricing, M&A, dividends. Not a lot of event-driven deals yet, but we may see some move in that. And again, for high yields, we are modeling revenues down 2013 over 2012 in sort of the high single-digit range. Now we would note, again, fund flows into high yields, bond funds have been positive as well. So market trends are quite good. Use of proceeds, mixing it up a bit. And overall, the market looks pretty good for the first quarter. So I hope that answers everything you had, Bill.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: So Ray, can you talk at all about this situation with the various state attorneys general? I think you guys are named in a few of these suits.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes, there are a couple that we have been named in. They've been around for a while. And as I at least touched on in the prepared remarks, we get inquiries from regulators and various other authorities, including the state attorneys general. We obviously cooperate with those inquiries, and we will continue to do so. So it's something that is ongoing, and we have been as responsive as we can be in trying to cooperate with the state AGs when they make information requests or have inquiries.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: So the -- my understanding is that they're approaching this a little bit differently than the fraud charges that you've seen from the -- from other players. Does that change the legal complexion at all, from your perspective, in terms of the potential risk?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, as you know, there's a very high standard for fraud, that is, a higher standard than exists for some other potential claims that could be raised. But again, to the extent that these are information requests and inquiries, it's a matter of us making sure we get the proper information back to the authorities at the proper time.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. Sorry to dwell on this, Ray, but one last thing on this. The -- so the situation with New York State. You've got sort of a settlement from a few years ago. What kind of protection does that give you from further action by them?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, the settlement agreement itself is confidential. I -- the New York Attorney General did issue a press release summarizing the -- some of the terms back in 2008, and you might want to go back and look at that. We take that agreement very seriously and certainly believe that we are complying with that. And so, as for that matter, we think we have done everything that we have been asked to do in reaching the agreement with the AG.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And Ray or Linda, the accrual for legal costs, I'm not sure if you've done this before. Can -- have you, and can you quantify what the number is?
Linda S. Huber: Sure, Peter. It relates to our insurance accounting. And let's be very clear about what's going on here. Because of that insurance accounting, we were able to take a look at our most fulsome estimate of what's going on with the upcoming trial expenses, which will take place in 2013, and take that expense in 2012. So we have taken the provision in 2012 for the 2013 expenses. The amount that we think that comprises in the quarter-over-quarter view will be $21.5 million.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then, Linda, the structured finance business in the current quarter was quite robust. Where is the strength coming from? And how do you think about the sustainability of that, is the second question?
Linda S. Huber: Sure, Peter. I appreciate the questions about the business. The structured finance business had a very strong fourth quarter. We're seeing the strength, as we mentioned in the script, coming from CMBS issuance and also from CLO issuance, which has been very heavy. And we would expect both of those to continue. As we look at the breakdown in the structured finance business for the fourth quarter, a total of $102.9 million, which is the best number we've seen in quite some time. 27% came from ABS; 19% came from RMBS; 28% of that came from commercial real estate; and 25% from derivatives.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Now I'd just add that the strength is really coming out of the U.S. market as opposed to the European markets. So we will be keeping an eye on the European side, in particular, to see whether there's going to be a pickup there in 2013.
Peter P. Appert - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. And Ray, I'm sorry, one last thing on the regulatory front. The SEC rule making, what -- any thoughts in terms of what might come out of that?
Raymond W. McDaniel: We think that most of the thinking around this has been completed, and we had been engaged really over the last year or so in implementing compliance and transparency process changes that we think are going to be aligned with the final rules. So our expectation is that the communications that have come out of the SEC to date are going to be very consistent with the final rule making.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber: I have some more questions on fundamentals, as well, here. Linda, would you be so kind to break out some more segment detail here on high-yield bank loans, investment-grade, et cetera, for each of the 4 segments, just the percentage of revenues reached in the quarter?
Linda S. Huber: Sure. Craig, with the notes that I already did structure, so we'll consider that one already in the transcript, let's go to corporate. So total corporate issuance -- total corporate revenue, excuse me, for the fourth quarter of 2012 was $244.9 million. And investment grade comprised 23% of that; high-yield comprised 24% of it; bank loans 20%; and other accounts, which is MTNs and other things, 34% of it. So what we're seeing is that high yield is running quite strong, and investment grade is running strong as well. We went through structured for a previous inquiry, so we'll go through FIG. Total issuance of $86.2 million in the quarter. Banking was 73% of the revenue; insurance 22% of the revenue; and managed investments, 5% of the revenue. And again, that's relatively similar to what we've seen. FIG does not move around all that much. And then lastly, public, project and infrastructure was $85.4 million for the fourth quarter in revenues. PFG and sovereigns comprised 47% of that revenue; munis, 6%; and project and infrastructure, 47%. And compared to a year ago, a little bit heavier on the project and infrastructure and a little bit lighter on the PFG and sovereigns. But also, that area is running pretty strongly for us right now. Do you want to me to do Moody's Analytics, as well, Craig?
Craig Huber: Sure.
Linda S. Huber: Okay. $234.8 million for the quarter. 54% from research data and analytics; 34% from enterprise risk solutions; and 13% from professional services. And from a year ago, running a little bit heavier on enterprise risk solutions. Last year, it was 29% of Moody's Analytics' total, and this year 34%. I think that covers it all.
Craig Huber: And then, also, on the cost front in the quarter, can you tell us, please, what the incentive compensation accrual was in the fourth quarter here?
Linda S. Huber: Sure. Incentive compensation for the fourth quarter was $60.1 million, which is up from $31.9 million in the same quarter last year. Obviously, we had an historically strong performance in the fourth quarter, so incentive compensation moved up. Profit sharing, which we cover in a different line, Craig, was also higher, as well, for the fourth quarter.
Craig Huber: How much was that one up?
Linda S. Huber: That was $2.6 million last year and $4.3 million for this year.
Craig Huber: And then just for the benefit of all, can you maybe give us the incentive comp for each of the first 3 quarters? I have it, but I think it'd be helpful for people to see how it is progressing for the year.
Linda S. Huber: Sure. For 2012, it's laid out, and this is both bonus and profit sharing. It was $30.8 million in the first quarter; $28.2 million in the second quarter; $70.7 million in the third quarter; and $64.4 million in the fourth quarter, for a total of $194 million for the year. Now for next year, we're going to normalize back to 100% of bonus targets. So you should see this number come off, Craig. And what we think we'd like you to do is model about $30 million a quarter for total incentive compensation if it runs flat across the year. So $30 million-ish, maybe a little higher, incentive compensation for each of the quarters in 2013. Should be $120 million, $125 million if we hit our targets at 100%. Of course, if we do better, incentive compensation and profit sharing will be higher. Will that do it?
Craig Huber: And then also -- no, I've got a couple more little minor ones, if I could. That's on the pricing front, what's your expectation for pricing for surveillance fees, for new fees, and also for transaction this year?
Linda S. Huber: Sure. We don't go into the line by line. I think we would say mid-single-digit price increases across-the-board. That comprises a variety of complexity: higher in some areas, lower in some areas. It's -- it really depends on the region, the product, the geography.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes, and I'll just add, Craig, that again, remember, it still does relate to volume of issuance. So if we have heavier issuance volume, the pricing that relates to transaction-based revenue, obviously, goes up; and if issuance is lighter, we're going to see less benefit from pricing.
Craig A. Huber - Access 3:42, LLC: And so the pricing increase this upcoming year is what's driving maybe half of this 8% to 9% increase you're talking about for research, data and analytics for 2013? It's roughly half that pricing?
Raymond W. McDaniel: I don't think it's going to be -- I don't think it's going to be that much now.
Craig A. Huber - Access 3:42, LLC: So the rest volume, then, you're saying?
Raymond W. McDaniel: And mix.
Linda S. Huber: And craig, as we said in the script, very high retention business -- rates in that business, high -- a mid-90s retention, which is great.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Doug Arthur with Evercore.
Douglas M. Arthur - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Yes. Ray, just sort of looking at -- and you've had a few questions on this already on sort of issuance trends. I mean, the comps do get quite tough as '12 of -- I mean, as you go up against '12 numbers as the year evolves, particularly in high grade and high yield in the U.S. But it looks like your international, and particularly Europe, is picking up at a number of your sectors, probably project finance, infrastructure, we talked about banking. And also, it looks like the structured market is slowly coming into form. It's -- so I guess I'm just curious as to your thoughts on kind of new areas of growth that you're starting to see, and what that might mean for '13.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Sure. Let me ask Michel Madelain if he would like to comment on this, particularly on the European side, since you raised that.
Michel Madelain: I think in Europe, really, if you look by different asset classes, I think in structured finance, as we say, the volumes this year have been disappointing against what we've seen in the U.S. The mix between U.S. and non-U.S. business has shifted actually. In the U.S., it's about 60% in terms of revenues versus international, and it was at this number last year. We don't expect next year necessarily a rapid uptake of volume in Structured Finance in Europe for a variety of reasons. In term of PFG, I think the main driver continues to be this intermediation. That's more than refinancing. I think that's the difference against with what we're seeing here. And in term of infrastructure, I think that we have similar trends than the one we're seeing in -- on the corporate side basically. Again, intermediation and demand for credit, basically, which helped us effectively. And financial institutions, the story there is really a question of return to confidence. And I think, again, with confidence coming, return to market access, especially from the less frequent issuers, which are impacting our revenue line.
Linda S. Huber: Doug, this is Linda. I just wanted to comment we've got every quarter up quarter-over-quarter for the rating agency this year. We would take your point that the fourth quarter of 2012 was pretty strong. And so the fourth quarter may be a little bit softer than the fourth quarter of 2012. But every other quarter, we've got up for our rating agency revenue, if that helps you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Edward Atorino from Benchmark.
Edward J. Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Mine was sort of answered, but with the financing and stuff, will interest expense be much different in 2013 from 2012?
Linda S. Huber: Sure. Interest expense, Ed, looking at nonoperating expenses, it's pretty simple. The main thing will be we did our bond deal for $500 million back in August. We're carrying slightly higher expenses on borrowings for that. We were running about $16 million a quarter last year, Ed, for that. And this year, we're going to be running about $21 million, $22 million. And that's the main difference in that line, nothing much more exciting than that.
Edward J. Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: $80 million -- in the 80s for the year?
Linda S. Huber: Yes.
Edward J. Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: $80 million, yes.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes, that's correct.
Edward J. Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: One final question. I don't want to belabor this. There was another story that the New York, somebody is going to go poking around. Have you heard from these people? Or is this just a press story?
Raymond W. McDaniel: I'm sorry, the -- who's...
Edward J. Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: The New York Attorney General, I think, or somebody was going to go poking around. Is this for real? Or is this just a story in the news?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, as I said, we receive inquiries from authorities, including the attorneys general, from time to time. And so they may very well have information they would like us to make available. And if they do, of course we are going to be responsive to that.
Edward J. Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: You haven't received any notices or anything like that?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, there's -- there are...
Edward J. Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: [Indiscernible]
Raymond W. McDaniel: No, no, there are inquiries, information requests in-house on an ongoing basis. And so we continue to make the information requested available, and we'll do so.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division: If I can just shift the focus away from ratings for a minute. On the Moody's Analytics side, can you remind us just sort of in terms of what the M&A pipeline looks like? I know there was some press or you guys are probably looking at another one of those outsource services things. But just generally, I know we went through some of that at the Investor Day, but if anything has changed in terms of what the pipeline there is?
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, I'll invite Mark Almeida to add any comments that he would like. But at a high level, I think as we communicated at Investor Day last year, we feel like we have filled out the need to have components of that business, and the business is positioned to grow nicely. That being said, if we do find opportunities for synergistic, complementary businesses at reasonable prices, where -- we would look at that. And Mark, I don't know if there's anything else you want to...
Mark E. Almeida: No, I think that's exact right. We're always looking at things, either things that we proactively are intrigued by or things that are brought to us. So beyond that, I can't really say much about the pipeline. It is -- it looks a lot like what it usually looks at. We have a lot of different things that we're thinking about and considering, but nothing particularly remarkable to report beyond that.
Linda S. Huber: And Manav, we continue to look at what we term tuck-in or bolt-on acquisitions of the sort of size we've been doing before. I don't think any of us are excited about anything transformative. So sort of the same kind of scales we've been looking at previously.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just 2 more in there. So on the RD&A line item, it seems like that moves somewhat alongside, I guess, how ratings generally does. I just want to know if that's the right way to think about it. And then on the ERS side, it's, clearly, you guys, based on the guidance for this year at least, are guiding some good growth. It seems like in that segment, though, I guess where you're helping everyone with the compliance needs, there's been -- if I Google something, I can see a lot of different companies doing a lot of things in that area. I was just wondering if there was a way to frame competition around that, share maybe, or how to visualize the opportunity there.
Mark E. Almeida: First, on RD&A, I don't think looking at revenue trends in the rating agency is going to be particularly helpful there. You'll tend to see, I think, more volatility in the rating revenue lines, either up or down, and relatively more stability on the RD&A line just given the fact that it's a subscription business with very high retention rates. So I don't think you can really correlate very well with activity levels in the rating business. On the -- in the enterprise risk solutions space, we do feel good about that business. That's a business where we've been making a lot of investment. We feel like we're getting very good traction there and expect to continue to grow that at a very good clip. It is a highly competitive business. There are lots of people that we compete with in that space, not the least is internal development that our customers, which are typically large banks, they do a lot of their own internal development. So we're up against other providers as well as the internal build within our customer organizations. So it's very competitive, but it's a very big and fast-growing market. We've been talking to a number of market analysis sources about expectations for the size of that market, and you get some very big numbers. Anywhere -- we've had estimates of the size of the risk management software business anywhere from $5 billion to $25 billion. So either of those numbers for us are big numbers, and we think there's a lot more share that we're going to win there.
Raymond W. McDaniel: It's -- this is Ray. I would just add to that, that not only do we feel we have a strong expertise in the software development area, but the scope, the breadth and depth of the data that we have available is really, we think, unparalleled, and that is supportive of that business.
Operator: With no further questions in the phone queue, I would like to turn the conference back to Ray McDaniel for any additional or closing remarks.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Thank you. I just want to thank everyone for joining the call today, and we'll be speaking with you again in April. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes Moody's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year End Earnings Call. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time on Moody's website. Thank you.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-26 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Salli Schwartz - Global Head, Investor Relations Raymond McDaniel - President and Chief Executive Officer Linda Huber - Chief Financial Officer Michel Madelain - President and Chief Operating Officer, Moody's Investors Service Mark Almeida - President, Moody's Analytics
Analyst: Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray William Bird - Lazard Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Manav Patnaik - Barclays Doug Arthur - Evercore William Warmington - Raymond James
Operator: Good day, and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation third quarter 2012 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Salli Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning everyone. And thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's third quarter results for 2012. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Moody's released its results for the third quarter of 2012 this morning. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, President and Chief Executive Officer of Moody's Corporation will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is, Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody's Corporation. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the management's discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and in other SEC filings made by the company which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission's website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond McDaniel: Thank you, Salli. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's third quarter 2012 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. I will then finish with several comments on the current regulatory environment and our outlook for the remainder of 2012. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. Third quarter revenue of $689 million, increased 30% over the prior-year period, and was the highest quarterly revenue Moody's has achieved in its history. We benefited from double-digit revenue growth in all lines of business at MIS, with particularly strong performance in corporate finance, as well as continued strong growth in all areas of Moody's Analytics. Expenses for the third quarter were $419 million, a 25% increase from the third quarter of 2011. Operating income for the third quarter was $270 million, a 38% increase from the prior-year period. Adjusted operating income for the third quarter was $294 million, up 36% from the same period last year. Diluted earnings per share of $0.81 for the third quarter, which included a $0.06 legacy tax benefit, increased 42% from the prior-year period. Excluding the legacy tax benefit in the current quarter, diluted earnings per share of $0.75 for the third quarter of 2012, were up 32% from the prior-year period. Based on strong third quarter performance, we are raising our 2012 EPS guidance range to $2.95 to $3.05, or $2.89 to $2.99, excluding legacy tax benefit in the third quarter. Turning to year-to-date performance. Revenue for the first nine months of 2012 was $2 billion, a 15% increase from the first nine months of 2011. Revenue of Moody's Investor Service was $1.4 billion for the first nine months of 2012, an increase of 14% from a year ago. Moody's Analytics revenue of $609 million was 19% higher than the prior-year period. Expenses for the first nine months of 2012 were $1.2 billion, up 16% from the prior-year period. Operating income of $817 million increased 14% from $716 million for the same period of 2011. Diluted earnings per share of $2.34 for the first nine months of 2012, which included the $0.06 legacy tax benefit increased 14% from the prior-year period. I'll now turn the call over to Linda, to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Linda Huber: Thanks, Ray. I'll begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody's total revenue for the quarter increased 30% to $689 million. U.S. third quarter revenue increased 37% to $375 million, while revenue outside the U.S. grew 22% to $313 million and represented 45% of Moody's total revenue, down slightly from 48% in the year-ago period. Recurring revenue of $346 million represented 50% of the total, down from 59% in the prior-year period. Looking now at each of our businesses, Moody's Investors Service revenue for the quarter was $474 million, up 35% from the prior-year period. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted MIS revenue by 4%. U.S. revenue for MIS increased 45% over the prior-year period. Revenue outside the U.S. increased 21% and represented 39% of total ratings revenue. Global corporate finance revenue in the third quarter increased 71% from the year-ago period to $221 million. Revenue was up 81% year-over-year in the U.S., primarily driven by issuance in the speculative grade market, including high-yield bonds and bank loans. Investment grade issuance was also strong in the U.S. The corporation is taking advantage of historically low rates. Outside the U.S., corporate finance revenue grew 53%, primarily reflecting increased investment grade issuance across all regions. Global structured finance revenue for the third quarter was $93 million, 14% above the prior-year period. In the U.S., revenue increased 27% year-over-year, primarily due to strong issuance of commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized loan obligation. International structured finance revenue was essentially flat to the prior-year period. Global financial institutions revenue of $83 million increased 15% from the same quarter of 2011. U.S. revenue was up 22% as compared to the third quarter of 2011, primarily driven by increased insurance company issuance, corporate financing and debt-funded M&A activity. Non-U.S. revenue was up 10%, primarily due to increased issuance in Latin America and Asia, prompted by refinancing of short-term debt, credit expansion due to economic growth, and reduced lending by European banks in this regions. Global revenue for the public, project and infrastructure business rose 13% year-over-year to $77 million. Revenue was up 11% in the U.S., primarily due to gains in public and infrastructure finance, while non-U.S. revenue increased 16%, reflecting growth in European infrastructure finance. And turning now to Moody's Analytics. Global revenue for Moody's Analytics of $215 million was up 20% from the third quarter of 2011. Slightly more than half of the growth was from the late 2011 acquisitions of Copal Partners and Barrie & Hibbert. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, revenue grew 21%. U.S. revenue grew by 14% year-over-year to $86 million. Non-U.S. revenue increased by 23% to $129 million, and represented 60% of total Moody's Analytics revenue. Globally, revenue from research, data and analytics of $124 million increased 7% from the prior-year period and represented 58% of total MA revenue. We continue to see demand for credit research via our CreditView offering as well as new sales of our other analytic data and analytics product. Revenues from enterprise risk solutions of $64 million grew 26% from last year, reflecting the December 2011 acquisition of Barrie & Hibbert, and strong growth in products and services that support the regulatory compliance needs of our financial services customers. Due to the variable nature of project timing, enterprise risk solutions revenue remain subject to quarterly volatility. Professional services revenue grew 97% to $27 million, reflecting the acquisition of a majority stake in Copal Partners in November 2011. Turning now to expenses. Moody's third quarter expenses were $419 million, an increase of 25% compared to third quarter of 2011 or a 27% increase, excluding the impact of foreign currency translation. Higher accruals for incentive compensation and Moody's profit sharing plan, reflecting a stronger full year outlook accounting for about half of the year-on-year expense growth. More specifically, we recorded additional incentive compensation in the third quarter to align with stronger than expected year-to-date financial performance, and the increased full year outlook as reflected in our updated guidance. Therefore, incentive compensation for the third quarter was $59 million versus $28 million in each of the first and second quarters. Additionally, in the third quarter, we recorded approximately $8 million of profit sharing expense, given the increase in our EPS guidance. As you may remember, our 2012 compensation plan were profit sharing, when our pro forma EPS grows more than 10% from the prior-year period. Our current pro forma EPS guidance results in a growth of over 10% from 2011's pro forma EPS, whereas our guidance at the end of the second quarter did not. Excluding growth in incentive compensation and profit sharing, expenses for the third quarter were 15% higher from the prior-year period, primarily due to increased headcount from growth in our existing businesses and from acquisitions in late 2011. Moody's reported operating margin expanded 230 basis points year-over-year from 36.9% in the third quarter of 2011 to 39.2% for the current quarter. Adjusted operating margin was 42.7% for the quarter, up from 40.5% for the same period last year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 29.5% compared with 28.5% for the prior-year period. The increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to lower taxes in 2011 resulting from the settlement of state tax audit, partially offset by the favorable impact of foreign tax planning initiatives in 2012. Now, I'll provide an update on capital allocation. During the third quarter of 2012, Moody's repurchased 600,000 shares at a total cost of $25 million and issued 1.2 million shares under employee stock-based compensation plan. Shares outstanding as of September 30, 2012, totaled 223 million, essentially flat from the year earlier. As of quarter-end, Moody's had $700 million of share repurchase authority remaining under its current program. We now expect full year 2012 share repurchases of approximately $225 million, subject to available cash, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decisions. As of September 30, Moody's had $1.7 billion of outstanding debt and $1 billion of additional debt capacity available under our revolving credit facility. Cash and cash equivalents were $1.5 billion as of September 30, 2012, an increase of $664 million from a year earlier, largely due to our $500 million bond deal in August this year. As of September 30, 2012, approximately 52% of our cash holdings are maintained outside the U.S. For the first nine months of 2012, free cash flow was $461 million, a decrease of $152 million from a year ago, due in part to payments of approximately $121 million related to the settlement of state and local tax matters as well as movement in other working capital accounts. We remain committed to using our strong cash flow to create value for shareholders, while maintaining sufficient liquidity. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Ray.
Raymond McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I'll continue with comments on our regulatory environment, which has not changed materially since the update we provided during our second quarter earnings call. In the U.S., the SEC's rulemaking pursuant to Dodd-Frank is pending. The timing is uncertain regarding final rules relevant to NRSROs as well as the feasibility study on establishing an alternative system for allocation rating assignments for structured finance products. Both banking and securities regulatory authorities continue to assess their use of ratings and regulation and are in the process of developing potential alternative measures as replacements. Turning to Europe, as discussed on previous calls, in November 2011, the European Commission released new regulatory reform proposals for the rating agency industry, commonly referred to as CRA3. The European legislative process requires that the European Parliament and the Council of Finance Ministers of the individual EU member states, each produce its own version of the text, and then enter into discussions with the Commission. During these discussions, the three institutions seek to resolve any differences among their respective drafts, and once the compromised document is produced, put to a vote. In May and June of 2012, the Council and the Parliament respectively finalized their positions on CRA3. The discussions among the three institutions are underway. However, currently we can't predict the timeline for finalization of CRA3 with any degree of precision. Additionally, it's still too early to assess what the likely outcome of these deliberations will be. As always, we will continue to advocate for globally consistent approaches that aligns with the G20 statements and directives. I'll conclude this morning's prepared remarks by discussing our full year guidance. Moody's outlook for the remainder of 2012 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, merger and acquisition activity, consumer borrowing, and securitization, and the amount of debt issued. There's an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions, especially as they relate to Europe. And if actual conditions differ from these assumptions, Moody's results for the year may differ materially from the current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. As I mentioned earlier, we are raising our 2012 EPS guidance to a range of $2.95 to $3.05 from the previous range of $2.76 to $2.86. Full year pro forma EPS, which excludes the impact of a legacy tax benefit, is now expected to be in the range of $2.89 to $2.99. Certain components of our 2012 guidance have also been modified to reflect our current view of credit market conditions. For Moody's overall, the company now expects full year 2012 revenue to grow in the mid-teens percent range. Full year 2012 expenses are also now projected to increase in the mid-teens percent range. Full year 2012 operating margin is now projected to be approximately 40% and adjusted operating margin for the year is still expected to be approximately 43%. Our effective tax rate is still projected to be approximately 32%. As Linda mentioned earlier, we now expect full year 2012 share repurchases of approximately $225 million, subject to available cash, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decisions. Capital expenditures are now projected to be approximately $40 million to $50 million, and we still expect approximately $100 million in depreciation and amortization expense. Incremental compliance and regulatory expense is now projected to be approximately $15 million. For the global MIS business, revenue for the full year 2012 is now expected to increase in the mid-teens percent range. Within the U.S., MIS revenue is now expected to increase in the low-20s percent range, while non-U.S. revenue is now expected to increase in the mid-single digit percent range. Corporate finance revenue is now projected to grow in the mid-20s percent range. Revenue from structured finance is expected to grow in the mid-single digit percent range. Financial institutions revenue is now expected to grow in the mid-single digit percent range. And public project and infrastructure finance revenue is now expected to increase in the mid-teens percent range. For Moody's Analytics, full year 2012 revenue is still expected to increase in the high-teens percent range. Within the U.S., MA revenue is expected to increase in the high-teens to 20% range. Non-U.S. revenue is now expected to increase in the high-teens percent range. Research, data and analytics is now projected to grow in the high-single digit percent range. While revenue growth is still projected in the low-20s percent range for enterprise risk solutions, reflecting the December 2011 acquisition of Barrie & Hibbert as well as growth in the base business. Professional services revenue is now projected to grow by approximately 70%, reflecting revenue from the late 2011 acquisition of a majority stake in Copal Partners. In closing, I'd like to point out a couple of additional positive developments at Moody's. Moody's Investors Service was voted the best credit rating agency in 2012 poll of U.S. fixed-income investors, conducted by the well-known publisher, Institutional Investor. Also this past week, Automatic Data Processing Incorporated, a leading provider of business outsourcing solutions announced that it has chosen to collaborate with Moody's Analytics to enhance widely followed ADP National Employment Report. I am extremely pleased with the accomplishments of both businesses and appreciate the market's recognition of our efforts. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining us for the question-and-answer session is, Michel Madelain, the President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investors Service; and Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics. We'd be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we will take our first question from Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: Ray, based on the guidance, obviously it implies you're seeing some pretty good momentum going into the fourth quarter. Anything interesting or different you can share with us in terms of what you're seeing in the fourth quarter in terms of assets classes or other activity in the market?
Raymond McDaniel: Not a whole lot of additional color I can give you, Peter, other than we continue to see good issuance pipelines, especially in corporate finance, it's obviously in terms of sequential growth from the third quarter. It's going to be difficult to achieve that matter, because the issuance was so robust in the third quarter, and we have some external events, such as the election in a couple of short months, in the fourth quarter. But nonetheless, we still see healthy pipelines. And barring something really unanticipated, I think we believe the fourth quarter will be another good quarter.
Linda Huber: Let me speak a little bit about what we're seeing in pipelines, and then in high yield and leveraged pipeline. First looking at high grade and all this information comes from Morgan Stanley as of this morning. October, right now, stands at $78 billion of issuance for U.S. high grades and that has been the strongest October on record. The month could break $100 billion, if some big deals that are said to be in the pipeline come next week. But we did experience a warning regarding potential weather delays, which is something new. For November, expectations are about $70 billion for U.S. hybrid issuance, last year it was $77 billion and the average is about $63 billion, so a little bit above the average for November. For high yield and leveraged, last week we saw $12 billion in high-yield issuance and $9.3 billion in leverage loan, that's still very active. This week we've seen $7.5 billion both in high yield and in leverage loan. October saw $41 billion in high yields and $32 billion in leverage loans. Our Q3 issuance was a record post of financial crisis for the leveraged area, $112 billion in high-yield issuance for the third quarter and $81 billion in leverage loans. As Ray said, the fourth quarter will not be as strong as the third quarter, but will still be very active. The list of pipeline so far that can be seen for November is $19 billion in high yield and $10 billion in leverage loans. And again, a bit of concern that the first week of November could be low, due to the weather and then following with the elections, and obviously the usual watch outs for anything changing in the European situation.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: I thought it was particularly noteworthy that it looked like the structured finance market seems like it's got some signs of life. Do you have a view on the sustainability or a broadening of that recovery going into '13?
Raymond McDaniel: The structured finance market has been showing year-over-year sequential growth, pretty steady. And I think that's an indication of good, if not spectacular recovery in that market. Commercial mortgage-backed securities, CLOs, the asset-backed market, covered bonds are the more promising sectors. We still don't anticipate a big rebound in 2013 in the residential mortgage-backed securities area. But I guess the further reason for optimism in that sector is, we seem to be moving away from some of the more regulatory-driven causes of issuance into more real market issuance, and I would take that as a sign of health.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: And I guess all this gets to the big issue, Ray, which is you've enjoyed very robust performance here in the second half of '12, making the comps more challenging in '13. So do you have any early thoughts in terms of how next year could play out?
Raymond McDaniel: We will provide our outlook for 2013 at the beginning of the year, as we do normally. And so I'll refrain from commenting on our outlook at this point.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: One last try then. On the cost side of equation, Linda, the rate of cost growth obviously has been pretty robust this year in the context of all the reasons you guys have laid out. How do we think about that going forward?
Linda Huber: I just wanted to touch on the actual expense growth for this year. And if you look at the Q3 year-over-year, you'll see that last year we had $335 million of expenses, this year in the third quarter we had $418 million of expenses. The vast majority of that change, $59 million or 70% of that, is compensation. So very important to remember that three times this year we've increased guidance, and the main driver of expense increase is in fact the over-performance and the resulting incentive compensation, which results. Another cause of expense growth is our acquisitions, which added $18 million to the expenses in the third quarter. Now, some of that breaks out into compensation for new people, about $10 million of it. We had the increase in depreciation and amortization and some other non-comp expenses, and then we have a few other things in there. But again, if you look at the expense increase, which is 25% year-over-year, it would be 15% without the incentive compensation. So probably the best way to think about it is, if we normalize back to more normal performance last year. We try as hard as we can to have expense growth not exceed, and in fact be less than revenue growth. So we'll see where get to, as Ray said, for that in 2013. But we're mindful of expense growth, but this is a very fast growing business and we are continuing to support it.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from William Bird with Lazard.
William Bird - Lazard: Ray, I'm curious, if you think you're seeing much pull-forward effect from fiscal cliff dynamics. And then second, I was wondering, if you could just discuss kind of what needs to happen to buyback more stock?
Raymond McDaniel: I'll start with the pull forward. I think it's clear that we have seen pull-forward throughout this year, including in the third quarter. So firms are looking at the potential for some market uncertainty around the fiscal cliff, potentially as developments occur in Europe. And they are taking advantage of low official rates and good spreads, not historically tight spreads, but good. That being said, much of the activity that we have seen this year, most of the activity continues to be refinancing, as oppose to issuance for mergers and acquisitions, and business expansion, share repurchase, et cetera. So similar to comments I've made in the last couple of quarters, it has been a very powerful refinancing engine that we have been experiencing over the course of the year. But most of the traditional drivers of debt issuance have really not been very strong this year and so. And that's what we'll be looking for going into 2013, 2014. Linda, do you want to take the share repurchase?
Linda Huber: On share repurchase for the third quarter, as we said, we set $25 million, which is frankly less than we had hoped. We couldn't place our systematic share repurchase program and following our Investor Day, the stock price moved quite rapidly and in fact out of our repurchase zone. Because we realized that our performance was pretty good, we could not go back into the market opportunistically. So given the revised guidance, we're hoping to get back into share repurchase market here in the fourth quarter and be able to make some progress. But all of that of course is depended on market conditions.
Operator: And we'll continue on to Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: I appreciate you guys breaking out the transaction versus relationship across the categories in your press release, I do have one of those similar question. If you could break apart within your four main categories, like the corporate finance breakout for high yield revenues, bank loans, investment grade by percentages, each of the categories?
Linda Huber: Sure, Craig, we can do that. We were thinking of calling Page 14 in the earnings release, the credit table. But going on to the revenue for corporate finance third quarter of 2012; total dollar corporate finance issuance $220.7 million; investment grade comprised of $55 million of that or about 25%; high yield was $52 million or 24% of the corporate finance total; bank loans $36.5 million or 17%; and other accounts $77 million or 35%. The big movement there year-over-year for the third quarter increased in the high-yield percentage, which basically doubled as a component from last year to this year, Craig. So that's a strong driver as well as the increase in the bank loans line.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Like we do it for structured finance and financial institutions, et cetera?
Linda Huber: Going on to structured for third quarter: total issuance $93.1 million, up from $82 million of this quarter last year; so asset-backed securities $25.7 million, 28% of the total; residential mortgage-backed securities, which does include covered bonds, $20.3 million, 22% of the total; commercial real estate finance $23.6 million, which is 25% of the total; and derivatives $23.4 million, which is 25% of the total. Now, the bigger changes there would be, as Ray had noted in the commercial real estate lines, and also interestingly in the derivatives line, we saw more CLO issuance thus far in 2012 than we did in the entire period of 2008 to 2011. In fact, last week, there were five CLOs. So that market is doing quite well. Let me go on and go to financial institutions group, total revenue for the quarter $82.7 million, banking about $57 million of that or 69%; insurance $21 million, 26% of it; and managed investments $4.6 million, about 6% of the total; and each of those lines are pretty consistent to what we saw last year. For PPIF, $77 million for the quarter, $38 million in public finance and sovereign, 49% of the total; munis $4.4 million, 6% of the total; and project and infrastructure $34.5 million, about 45% of the total; so everything now looks relatively similar, little bit of an increase in project and infrastructure. Interestingly some of that out of in Europe, we understand that the ECB bond buying has created a bit of a more favorable environment for that type of issuance in Europe. Is that everything you need, Craig.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: On that front, yes. And If I could ask couple of questions please. One on incentive compensation, you mentioned $59 million up from a year ago, or you have the total numbers, $59 million versus $28 million, each of the first two quarters. First off, how does that breakdown between operating costs and SG&A within the quarter please, so that we can get a sense?
Linda Huber: We don't disclose that Craig. Generally commissions go in SG&A, and the incentive comps attracts to what each individual person is doing for the company, but we don't have that split out.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Can you say if generally is it heavy the one way or the other?
Raymond McDaniel: No, we don't disclose that Craig.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Then how should we think about that number for the fourth quarter assuming you had, say the mid-point of your new guidance here?
Linda Huber: Sure. We did $28 million and $59 million for the third quarter. We're thinking that for the fourth quarter. If we hit the mid-point of our guidance probably want to look at about $40 million for incentive compensation, which also includes a piece for profit sharing.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: And then I also want to ask you generally, just big picture here, when you guys look at your cost aside from incentive compensation, what else do you consider variable. For example, you do or save an incremental 10 extra debt issuance deals here. What's your variable cost aside from incentive compensation, going over little bit extra top T&E expense, but was there anything else really?
Linda Huber: I think the main majority of it would be what does go through the bonus line. I think, as Ray just said that each additional dollar of revenue, once we've covered the fixed cost would probably still come down to about $0.60 on the margin line, but it depends if there is anything unusual going on for that quarter, Craig.
Raymond McDaniel: And pacing of hiring and whether we dial that back or dial that up, it's also source of flexibility, but to the extent that we think the market conditions are reacting to short term cycles, we would want to continue to invest back in our personnel and our business. And similarly for various kinds of projects, whether they are IT-related or other projects, we have the ability in some areas to accelerate or decelerate in response to conditions.
Linda Huber: Craig, something that might interest you, since yearend last year, excluding our acquisitions we've hired about 330 people, that's 7% growth excluding acquisitions. Interestingly, about 200 of those are for Moody's Analytics, 110 or so are for the rating agency, and only 20 of those are for shared services. So 90% plus of the people that we've added this year are all for the revenue driving part of the business, not for the staff part of the business. So that's kind of give you some idea as to the balance and what we're trying to achieve.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: And my last question please. Just you gave out your the backlogs out there. I'm curious, if you could talk a little bit further about the fiscal cliff issue, the debt issuance that's going to get raised here in Washington D.C. The election, just in general, what's your thought as we get later in this year and into early next year? You sense any hesitation out there in debt issuance front, if things get pushed out, or is that all being pull-forward?
Raymond McDaniel: I do think there is some pull-forward. I think firms are being somewhat opportunistic. The environment is good for issuance right now. And so if you're thinking about issuance in the near-term, this is a good time to be doing it. Historically, we have not seen any correlation in bond issuance activity based on election outcomes. So that, at least in terms of what we've seen in the past would not be an important determinant of issuance activity going forward. And again, the fiscal cliff is going to inevitably create headlines just as what's going on in Europe creates headlines, and that a very short-term windows week-to-week, where the market participants are feeling more optimistic or more pessimistic. So I expect we're going to see choppiness going into the New Year, but nothing that's going to freeze up markets.
Operator: And we'll go to Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays: First question, given the hiring statistics you just gave out, is that a good sense of how over the long term, sort of the break out investments being made into the businesses are going to be, just in terms if trying to model where the expense growth is going to come next year and the years forward?
Linda Huber: Manav, looking at my colleagues here who are running the lines of business that generate revenue, I think they are probably pretty happy with those total splits. We have had increases on the staff side for regulatory compliance, IT and other such things. And we hope we've come largely thorough that as we have said on previous calls. We will continue to add headcounts to drive very strong growth in both of these businesses. But it does take investment in people and resources to achieve double-digit revenue growth, which is pretty unusual in terms of the companies that have been reporting this week. We're feeling pretty good about these numbers, but we will need to continue to invest. And hopefully yes, that will continue to go to the revenue generating part of the business.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays: In terms of the regulatory compliance expansion of the $15 million that you have got or incremental $15 million that you guided for this year, I understand Europe, we don't know yet, but excluding that, does that incremental $15 million imply that, other than that there is not much more incremental expense required for what we already know about?
Linda Huber: I think we've come through some of that, but not all of it. As Ray stated in his prepared remarks, we do not yet have fully final rules on Dodd-Frank from the SEC. So it would be premature for us to say that we're through everything, yet. And as Ray also said, we don't know what the timing or the final shape of the CRA3 will be which makes it pretty difficult to put numbers on things.
Raymond McDaniel: At this point it's been a bit easier for us to plan and spend around the anticipated SEC rules, because we feel we have a better idea of what the final rules are likely to look like. The CRA3 situation in Europe again is more uncertain, in more of a speculative stage in terms of what the final product is going to look like, and how we will have to react at over what timeframe.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays: And one last one, I think you explained why I guess the share buyback guidance came down from what you said last month. I was just curious, if you could explain why the CapEx number is dropping so much?
Linda Huber: Sure. We've basically just re-scheduled some of the things we're planning to do here going into the end of the year. We wait for final Dodd-Frank Rules, and frankly we've held some capacities to deal with that. So it's nothing more than just trying to figure out what has to go first, and what we can do going next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Arthur with Evercore.
Doug Arthur - Evercore: So two questions, Ray, I'm wondering if you can just update us on CalPERS. There has been a lot of motions and moves between district court and appellate court. And so I'm just interested as to where that stands right now on a timing point of view? Then Linda, there seems like there's a lot of different trends in your financial area right now. Insurance was very strong in the third quarter. Was that a one-off thing or do you see that continuing? And this de-leveraging issue with the banks. Is that likely to keep the banking side of financial institutions slow for a while? So I'm just kind of interested in different trends there.
Raymond McDaniel: Sure, I'll start with CalPERS. There's not a lot new in recent months in the CalPERS litigation. As we mentioned on a prior earnings call, we filed an appeal in the California Court of Appeals seeking reversal of the lower court's decision, which deny our motion to dismiss under this anti-SLAPP statute in California. And the briefing on that appeal is not going to be completed until the end of the year. And after that the court will set a date for all arguments. So currently we don't know when the case will be argued or when it will be decided. So it's moving along quite slowly. With respect to de-leveraging and the banking sector, I'll make just a quick comment and then Linda or Michel may wish to add to that. The de-leveraging is continuing. We are seeing reduction in bank loans, particularly in Europe and the de-leveraging that's associated with that. We believe that is going to continue for a relatively long time as the banking system retrenches. The benefit of that as we've talked about is that that encourages corporations and municipal entities to go to the bond market and seek ratings. And our financial institutions area is the area that is most dominated of the ratings businesses by recurring revenue. Majority of our revenue in that area is recurring, and so we are less sensitive to the de-leveraging in that area. We also don't get the benefits of banks leveraging up when they do that, but in this environment we get the benefit of not having revenue reductions in the same degree that there is de-leveraging or retrenching.
Linda Huber: And to follow-up Doug, insurance year-over-year in Q3 moved from $18.5 million last year to $21.3 million this year. So it's a whole $2.8 million difference. It's not enormous. The guidance for FIG now is to increase in the mid-single digits for this year, which is up from flat to slightly up, which is what we had previously. So we expect that the activity will continue. It's not the biggest grower amongst our revenue lines.
Douglas Arthur - Evercore: And just as a follow-up on the de-leveraging in Europe. The Yankee Bond situation where corporations in Europe are coming over to the U.S. to issue, I mean that has been strong, and is that becoming a really sizable sector for you now or not yet?
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, it has been strong this year and much stronger than we've seen in previous years. How enduring a phenomenon that would be I think is somewhat uncertain. Right now, more than interest and risk coming from the U.S. investors than European investors, and so the European issuers have taken advantage of that. Whether that is going to change and the issuance will revert back to the EU going forward is uncertain, but I think we're in a position to rating in either case.
Operator: Bill Warmington with Raymond James, have the next question.
William Warmington - Raymond James: A question for you on Copal, and the strong growth that you're putting up there. Once you anniversary the acquisition, what kind of organic growth rate do you think you can generate there?
Raymond McDaniel: I'll let Mark Almeida address that, Bill.
Mark Almeida: I don't think we've disclosed an outlook for the professional services business, which is where the Copal segment wise for 2013. But it's a relatively high growth business. It won't be our highest growth business, but it's a good strong double-digit growth business. I think that's better as much insight as we can offer at this stage.
William Warmington - Raymond James: Then one question for you on the residential and mortgage-backed security market, just your thoughts on what needs to happen there before we see that market come back in size?
Raymond McDaniel: I guess I'll put it in two categories. One, there are some incremental things that can be done in terms of reducing mortgage qualification limit for that converted Fannie and Freddie. And that would move more of the market to the private label market, and would be more likely to be rated. But then there is the bigger structural question of the role that the government is going to play in the mortgage market on a long-term basis. And that is a politically, and fiscally, very, very changeling side of issues that the government is going to have to deal with. And so that's why we are cautious about any sizable expansion of the RMBS market in the near-term because of the dismal political dynamics.
William Warmington - Raymond James: And then one final question on enterprise risk. Just what products within that segment are driving the growth and how long is the tails on those products?
Raymond McDaniel: When you say tail on the products, do you mean the sale or the actual product placement?
William Warmington - Raymond James: And the ongoing of revenue generated by the product?
Mark Almeida: Yes, well the ERS segment is doing very, very well, largely driven by regulatory driven demand that we're seeing from our banking and insurance customers. And we would expect to continue to see very healthy demand for that product at over the next couple of years.
Operator: And we'll take a follow-up from Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: So Ray, just a follow-on to your comments earlier about what's going on in Europe. Is it possible to get any quantification around this concept of disintermediation, and how big you see the market opportunity from that?
Raymond McDaniel: Well, we've talked about it not specifically in the European sense, but in terms of the impact of disintermediation on our overall revenue growth is being a couple of points. And it's both anticipating what is happening from de-leveraging, but it's also looking at the pace at, which we have been getting new rating mandates over the last few years and that has been a reasonably steady pace. And in Europe coming, it's associated more with the stress in the banking sector, and in places like Asia it has been associated more with economic growth outpacing banking system capacity. So the underlying drivers of the disintermediation changed a bit by geography, but the consequence, the overall number of ratings mandates has been increasing, as I said at a pretty steady rate.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: I guess I was wondering if maybe given the turmoil in Europe, the one or two percentage point incremental revenue from disintermediation, that seems like that potentially could be conservative on the near term basis. What do you think?
Raymond McDaniel: No, I don't think so. I hope I am wrong. But part of the turmoil in Europe is also corporations taking a conservative posture with respect to borrowing and business. And so even though, if they were to need additional capital, or desire additional capital, they are more likely to go to the bond market. They are also in a defensive mode, and so that's an offset.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have no additional questions. I would like to turn things back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Raymond McDaniel: I just want to thank you for joining the call today. We look forward to speaking with you, again after the New Year. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. And have a great weekend.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-27 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Salli Schwartz - Global Head of Investor Relations Raymond McDaniel - President and Chief Executive Officer Linda Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Michel Madelain - President and Chief Operating Officer, Moody’s Investors Service Mark Almeida - President, Moody’s Analytics
Analysts: Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray Jennifer Huang - UBS Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Douglas Arthur - Evercore Partners
Operator: Good day, and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody’s Corporation Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. At this time I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company we will open the conference up for question-and-answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Salli Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning everyone. And thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody’s second quarter results for 2012. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Moody’s released its results for the second quarter of 2012 this morning. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference, are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, President and Chief Executive Officer of Moody’s Corporation will lead this morning’s conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is, Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody’s Corporation. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today’s remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the management’s discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and in other SEC filings made by the company which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I’ll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond McDaniel: Thank you, Salli. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I will begin by summarizing Moody’s second quarter 2012 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights, and I will then speak to recent regulatory developments and finish our comments with our outlook for 2012. After our prepared remarks we will be happy to respond to your questions. Second quarter revenue was $641 million, increased 6% over the prior year period, reflecting solid growth in public finance and structured finance, as well as continued strong results for Moody’s Analytics. Expenses for the second quarter were $362 million, an 8% increase from the second quarter of 2011. Operating income for the second quarter was $279 million, a 3% increase from the prior year period. Diluted earnings per share was $0.76 for the second quarter, decreased $0.06 from the prior year period which had included a $0.06 favorable tax impact related to a foreign tax ruling and a $0.03 legacy tax benefit. While market conditions remain volatile, we are reaffirming our 2012 EPS guidance range of $2.62 to $2.72, and still expect to be towards the upper end of the range. Turning to the year-to-date performance, revenue for the first six months of 2012 was $1.3 billion, a 9% increase from the first half of 2011. Expenses were $740 million, up 12%, and operating income of $548 million, increased 5% from the prior year period. Diluted earnings per share of $1.52 for the first half of 2012, increased $0.03 from the prior year period, which again had included a $0.06 favorable tax impact related to a foreign tax ruling a $0.03 legacy tax benefit. Revenue of Moody’s Investors Service for the first six months of 2012 was $894 million, an increase of 5% from a year ago. Moody’s Analytics revenue of $394 million was 19% higher than the prior year period. I will now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on or financial results and other updates.
Linda Huber: Thanks, Ray. I will begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody’s total revenue for the quarter increased 6% to $641 million. U.S. second quarter revenue increased 9% to $344 million, while revenue outside the U.S. grew 2% to $297 million and represented 46% of Moody’s total revenue, down slightly from 48% in the year ago period. Recurring revenue of $338 million represented 53% of the total, up from 51% in the prior year period. And looking now at each of our businesses. Moody’s Investors Service revenue for the quarter was $441 million, about flat to prior year periods. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted MIS revenue by 3%. U.S. revenue for MIS increased 5% over the prior year period, while revenue outside the U.S. decreased 5% and represented 42% of total ratings revenue. Global Corporate Finance revenue in the second quarter declined 4% from the year ago period to $192 million. Revenue was down 4% year-over-year both inside and outside the U.S. The decline in Global Corporate Finance revenue reflected weaker speculative grade bond and bank loan issuance against a near record prior year period. Investment grade issuance for non-financial corporate was higher year-over-year, reflecting continued historically low borrowing rates. Global Structured Finance revenue for the second quarter was $91 million, 5% above prior year period. In the U.S. revenue increased 22% year-over-year primarily due to strength in ratings of collateralized loan obligations and asset backed securities. International Structured Finance revenue was down 9% reflecting issuance declines in European covered bonds and after-tax securities. Global financial institutions revenue of $78 million decreased 2% from the same quarter of 2011. U.S. revenue was essentially flat as compared to the second quarter of 2011, while non-U.S. revenue was down 3%. Global revenue for the public, project and infrastructure business rose 12% year-over-year to $81 million. Revenue was up 19% in U.S., primarily due to gains in ratings for regional government and higher education. While non-U.S. revenue declined 3%. Turning now to Moody’s Analytics. Global revenue for Moody’s Analytics of $200 million was up 19% from the second quarter of 2011. Slightly more than half of growth was from the late 2011 acquisitions of Copal Partners and Barrie & Hibbert. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, revenue grew 21%. U.S. revenue grew by 23% year-over-year to $86 million. Non-U.S. revenue grew to 17%, to $114 million and represented 57% of the total Moody’s Analytics revenue. Globally, revenue from research, data and analytics of $121 million, increased 9% from the prior year period and represented 61% of the total MA revenue. We continue to see demand for credit research via our CreditView offering and solid growth in data licensing arrangements. Revenue from enterprise and risk solutions of $52 million, grew 24% from last year reflecting the December 2011 acquisition of Barrie & Hibbert and growth in the base business. Due to the variable nature of project timing, enterprise risk solutions revenue remains subject to quarterly volatility. Professional services revenue grew 84% to $27 million, reflecting the acquisition of a majority stake in Copal Partners in November 2011. Turning now to expenses. Moody’s second quarter expenses were $362 million, an increase of 8% compared to second quarter 2011 or a 10% increase excluding the impact of foreign currency translation. Compensation expense accounted for over half of the year-on-year expense increase, and was due to increased headcount from the acquisitions in late 2011, and from growth in our existing business. Incremental non-compensation expense was driven by higher information technology expense, supporting business growth and regulatory initiative, as well as purchase price amortization associated with acquisition. Moody’s reported operating margin for the quarter was 43.5%, down from 44.6% in the second quarter of 2011. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 33.6% compared with 27.8% for the prior year period. The increase in effective tax rate is primarily due to lower tax rate in 2011 resulting from a favorable foreign tax ruling. Now I will provide an update on capital allocation. During second quarter of 2012, Moody’s repurchased 2.7 million shares at a total cost of $100 million, and issued 0.3 million shares under employee stock-based compensation plan. Shares outstanding as of June 30, 2012, totaled 222.3 million representing a 3% decline from the year earlier. As of quarter end, Moody’s had $800 million of share purchase authority remaining under its current program. We still expect full year 2012 share repurchases of approximately $200 million subject to available cash, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decision. As of June 30, 2012, Moody’s had $1.2 billion of outstanding debt and $1 billion of additional debt capacity available under our revolving credit facility. Cash and cash equivalents were $824 million, as of June 30, 2012. A decrease of $114 million from a year earlier. Approximately 85% of our cash holdings are maintained outside the U.S. We remain committed to using our strong cash flow to create value for shareholders, while maintaining sufficient liquidity. And with that, I will turn the call back to Ray.
Raymond McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I will continue with an update on regulatory developments. First in the U.S. We continue to expect the SEC will adopt final rules relevant to nationally recognized credit rating agencies by year-end 2012 and publish its feasibility study on establishing an alternative system for allocating rating assignments for structured finance products by about the same time. Both banking and securities regulatory authorities continue to assess their use of ratings and regulations and are in the process of developing potential alternative measures as replacements. Turning to Europe. Moody’s was registered in European Union in late October 2011, and our European operations are under the full examination and oversight authority of the European Securities and Markets Authority or ESMA. As discussed on previous calls, in November 2011 the European Commission released new regulatory reform proposals for the rating agency industry, commonly referred to as CRA3, that seek to address among other ideas, the use of ratings in regulation, business models, competition, rotation of rating agencies and liability. If implemented as originally proposed by the commission, many believe CRA3 would likely have significant negative implications for Europe’s credit markets. Consequently, the debate among public policy makers and the private sector has focused on CRA3s potential damaging impact on the broader European economy and European issuers access to debt markets. The European legislative process requires that the European Parliament and council of finance ministers of the individual EU member states, each produce its own version of the tax and then enter into discussions with the commission. During these discussions the three institutions seek to resolve any differences among their respective drafts. And once a compromised document produce, put to a vote. In May of June of 2012, the council and the Parliament respectively finalized their positions on CRA3. We expect the necessary compromise discussions to continue through the autumn months and for CRA3 to be finalized before year-end 2012. It is still too early to assess what the likely outcome of these deliberations would be. As always we will continue to advocate globally consistent approaches that align with the G20 statements and directives. I will conclude this morning’s prepared comments by discussing our full year guidance. Moody’s outlook for 2012 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors including interest rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending. Merger and acquisition activity, consumer borrowing and securitization and the amount of debt issued. There is a important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions, especially as they relate to Europe. And if actual conditions differ from these assumptions, Moody’s results for the year may differ materially from the current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. As I mentioned earlier, we are reaffirming our 2012 EPS guidance range of $2.62 to $2.72 and still expect to be towards the upper end of the range. Now that we have reaffirmed our EPS guidance, certain components of 2012 guidance have been modified to reflect our current view of credit market conditions. For Moody’s overall, the company still expects full year 2012 revenue to grow in the low double-digit percent range. Full year 2012 expenses are also still projected to increase in the low double-digit percent range. Full year 2012 operating margin is still projected to be approximately 39%, including the full year impact of our fourth quarter 2012 acquisitions. Our effective tax rate is still projected to be approximately 33%. As Linda mentioned earlier, we still expect full year 2012 share repurchase of approximately $200 million subject to available cash, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decisions. Capital expenditures are still projected to be approximately $60 million to $70 million. We still expect approximately $100 million in depreciation and amortization expense. Incremental compliance and regulatory expense is still projected to be in the $10 million to $15 million range. For the global MIS business, revenue for full year 2012 is still expected to increase in the mid to high single digit percent range. Within the U.S., MIS revenue is still expected to increase in the low double-digit percent range, while non-U.S. revenue is still expected to increase in the low single digit percent range. Corporate finance revenue is now projected to grow in the high single to low double-digit percent range. Revenue from each of structured finance and financial institutions is still projected to be flat to slightly up, while public project and infrastructure finance revenue is still expected to increase in the mid-teens percent range. For MA, full year 2012 revenue is still expected to increase in the high teens percent range. Within the U.S., MA revenue is now expected to increase in the high teens to 20% range, while non-U.S. revenue is still expected to increase in the high teens percent range. Revenue growth is still projected in the mid-single digit percent range for research, data and analytics, and in the low 20s percent range for enterprise risk solutions reflecting the December 2011 acquisition of Barrie & Hibbert, as well as growth in the base business. Professional services revenue is now projected to grow by approximately 75%, inclusive of revenue from the late 2011 acquisition of the majority stake in Copal Partners, and growth in MA’s existing financial training and certification business. This concludes our prepared remarks and joining us for the question and answer session is Michel Madelain, President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody’s Investors Service; Mark Almeida, President of Moody’s Analytics. We would be pleased to take any questions you might have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will go first to Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: Thanks, good morning. So, Ray, just a couple of follow up questions starting out on the regulatory environment. So what's your thought in terms of the move to replace ratings in regulations in term of the implications of that. Are you seeing any changes in the portion of debt securities that are issued that are rated versus not rated? That was part one. And then part two, with regard to CRA3, the liability issue seems like it might be the bugaboo. What's your read on how that’s going to play out. Thanks.
Raymond McDaniel: On the ratings in regulation or reliance on ratings, there have been effort both in the U.S. under Dodd-Frank and as part of the some of the European proposals on discussions to reduce or eliminate the use of ratings in regulation. I think from prior calls you know that we are very sportive of that. But frankly the progress on that has not been particularly strong in my view. And there have been probably as many changes in use of ratings in regulation that would seek to increase the use of ratings as there are to decrease the use. So net-net, I don’t think there has been a lot of change. If nothing else, what we would argue for is at least to reduce the mechanistic use of ratings in regulation. So it reduces some of the [core] risk or pro-cyclicality that’s associated with this. And we do have some views on how that can be done. So as I said, we are supportive of the overall effort even if it has not made a lot of progress and we don’t see it having a negative impact on our business. And then with respect to liability, yes, we are playing close attention to the discussions in Europe around liability and obviously we will accommodate our business to make sure that we have the maximum protections we can have depending on what kind of liability regime the Europeans determine for our business. And there are -- again there are ways for us to mitigate those risks but we have to wait and see what the final conclusions are at these three party discussions that go on the fall.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: So you are assuming, Ray, that there will be higher levels of liability in that final version of this thing?
Raymond McDaniel: I think there is a good chance that there will be. The question really is the degree and what we will do operationally to manage that risk back down.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: And then specifically though, are you seeing a change in the percentage of publicly issued debt securities, the rated versus unrated.
Raymond McDaniel: No. I mean except to the extent that there are issues coming in domestic markets that might have previously not been issuers. That’s where we have to make sure we continue to provide coverage. But for both the existing issuer base and for most of the new issues that are coming to market we are providing, we continue to provide very comprehensive coverage.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: And then, Linda, one other thing, in terms of -- could you just talk a little bit about the pipeline in terms of what you guys are seeing currently in terms of issuance. And then on the cost dynamics, the cost growth slowed considerably on a year-to-year basis in the second quarter versus the first. What was the differential?
Linda Huber: Sure Peter. Let me take the pipeline question first. And the information that I am quoting here is coming from Morgan Stanley. Let me talk first about....
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: Oh, how insulting that you are quoting them.
Linda Huber: Sorry about that. Investment grade issuance first, Peter, and then high yield. Year-to-date investment grade volume here in the U.S. is $512 billion which is up 6% from 2011. First half volume, $469 billion, it’s the largest first half on record, 5% more than the first half of 2008 which is recent high, and more than the first half of 2011. The month-to-date volume has been $51 billion and close to the July 2010 record amount of $59 billion, we may have surpassed that. The last week has been okay and the pipeline looked reasonably good. Right now we have historically low interest rates. I just saw before coming up here the 10-year’s at 1.42, so we are sort of back to Eisenhower level long-term rates. So that is helpful to the pipeline. And high-yield year-to-date volume is $187 billion, that’s down 13% versus 2011. The first half volume is $152 billion which is down 25% from the first half of last year. Leverage loans year-to-date volume $136 billion, which is down 30% from 2011 year-to-date. And first half volume was $123 billion which is down 31% from the first half. Now high yield market is grinding tighter. We saw a little bit more activity recently. Bu the pipeline seems to be pretty well constrained right now looking at the $10 billion of visible high yield issuance in the pipeline and $13 billion in leverage loans in the pipeline. And again that’s one where you are going to see a little bit of movement depending on who you source for information. But generally again, high yield pipeline, limited investment grade pipeline, pretty strong. Now on cost costs, Peter, you are correct, we did move down from the first quarter to the second quarter. A couple of things going on there. The first quarter had some unusually high expenses in it. Our big comp quarter is the first quarter and the second quarter has some reductions in that. First quarter obviously was stronger so we had a higher incentive compensation amount and the second quarter was little bit more reasonable. And so that basically is the main driver of what's happened with the quarter-over-quarter expenses.
Operator: We will go next to Jennifer Huang with UBS.
Jennifer Huang - UBS: So as things like debt issuance in Europe look pretty weak in the second quarter year-over-year. And I think your European MIS revenues were down about 5%, which seems rather stable. So can anybody just talk about what are some of the drivers behind this trend that you guys saw in the revenues in Europe in MIS?
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, Europe was softer in the second quarter. And there were a number of lines that saw year-on-year quarterly decreases. But this was mitigated by the fact that we do have a large number of frequent issuer pricing agreements in Europe. And those provide a steadier base of revenue. What we are missing though is the growth opportunity in Europe that comes from issuance and that’s why we would look for whether market tone and sentiment improves in the second half or remains as volatile and choppy as it has been in the first half. Because that would bring more of the speculative grade credit to market and those are the credit that are less likely to be under frequent issuer pricing agreements and would increase our transaction based revenue. Also to the extent that there is a strengthening in market tone in Europe, I would expect that that’s going to be a good news for structured finance issuance, so we would have to keep a close eye on that. And that is transaction-based revenue for the most part.
Jennifer Huang - UBS: Okay. And then in terms of the structured finance products, can you just about the profitability of those deals? Are they still -- I mean are they higher than from the corporate side?
Raymond McDaniel: It’s similar, or there are not market differences in profitability subject to cyclical upturns and downturns. And so we have a downturn in structured finance and an upturn in another area that obviously will be more profitable. But looking through those cycles, I wouldn’t identify any significant differences.
Jennifer Huang - UBS: Okay. And then I just have one more on the expense side. So I think from the first quarter you had mentioned, you expect some ramp in expenses throughout the year to the tune of about $40 million. Is that still your expectation looking at the full year now? And if so, just wondering how much flexibility you have in that, just because it seems like in the second quarter you weren’t able to manage the expenses down quite a bit.
Linda Huber: Jen, it’s Linda. Let me talk about the back half of the year compared to the first half of the year. And let me start by saying that we don’t give quarterly guidance so you are going to have to do the math on some of it. On the revenue side, we expect that or revenue pattern will lay out approximately like it did this last year. With our revenue coming in with a balance towards the first half of the year with a little bit of weakening towards the second half of the year. So the split on that we are thinking is about 52% first half, 48% back half. So we do, at this point, expect revenue in the second half of the year to be a little bit lower. Now on the expense side, you are right, we had talked about $40 million ramp coming off our $377 million first quarter expense number. We did do better in the second quarter. We do expect $40 million expense ramp from $377 million as we get to the fourth quarter. And obviously that was would result in a tick-up in expenses in the third quarter and that will move up in the fourth quarter. Now the reason for that is we have more headcount coming on in the second half of the year. We also have raises that come into play in the back half of the year and some other expenditures that we have to make in terms of IT, particularly to get ready for Dodd-Frank compliance. Many of those are expensed items, so they are changes to existing systems which have to be expensed as opposed to building new systems which are of course capitalized. So, yes, we expect the continued expense ramp. We expect that revenue may weaken a bit and traditionally our pattern has been that the third quarter is the most challenged on the revenue side. So that might make for a little bit of a tougher situation in the third quarter. So that’s how we see it laying out at this point.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will go next to Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: First a couple of cost questions. What was the incentive compensation expense in the quarter?
Linda Huber: Sure, Craig. I think it’s $27.5 million.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: So that was basically flat with the first quarter, correct?
Linda Huber: That’s right. Now last year -- just interestingly, Craig, last year we had a different pattern. Last year we had in first quarter $29.4 million and ramping up to $35 million in the second quarter because of course second quarter was very strong last year. So as I said this year $27.5 million is flat, first quarter to second quarter.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: And then also back on the overall second quarter cost. I remember in your remarks from three months ago about how you thought the cost pattern would go. And also looking at history here, based on what I can see here over the last 10 plus years, you have never had a quarter where costs in the second quarter were down from the first quarter like we had here sequentially. What changed in your mind versus your original budget you talked about three months so that costs were actually down versus the first quarter?
Linda Huber: Sure. Of course we are looking to accrue incentive compensation based on how we view against our forecast. And in the first quarter we put up heavier incentive compensation view because we had a greater amount of completion. So in the second quarter that was a little bit lighter. We also had some other issues involving FX which were a little bit better for us in the second quarter. But generally, we are being careful with expenses. We are being careful with hiring. We are being very thoughtful about how we are managing the business and with the market outlook being as choppy as it is, we have to be very thoughtful about what we are doing and how we are doing it. So I think those would be the main drivers. And I would ask Ray if he had any further comments he would like to make about that.
Raymond McDaniel: No, just to emphasize that I think part of the pattern that you are seeing, this difference in Q1 to Q2, is really explained by Q1 as much as it’s explained by Q2. Because we did have the higher incentive accruals in the first quarter based on the strength of the markets at that time.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Versus your budget you are saying, because it’s the same number in both quarters of course?
Raymond McDaniel: No, exactly, exactly.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Okay. And then let me ask some questions -- with your four main segments within ratings, can you breakout, Linda, the transaction percentage versus non-transaction across the four segments please.
Linda Huber: Sure. The corporate, Craig, we will do as usual, transaction first and relationship second. For CFG, we are running 70:30 transaction relationship, structured is 57:43, FIG is 35:65, and PPIF is 62:38. Total for the rating agency is 60:40. MA is reverse, 20% transaction revenue and 80% relationship. Total for MCO is 47% transaction and 53% relationship.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: And then also breaking out the revenues differently, can you do similar percentages, like within corporate financial, high-yield bank loans, investment grade and then that monitoring CP, medium-term notes. Do that for all the four segments?
Linda Huber: Sure. Starting with corporate finance, Craig. The total number of corporate finance dollar amounts for the second quarter is $191.5 million. Investment grade made up 22% of that revenue in the second quarter. High-yield made up 17% of the revenue. Bank loans 18%, and other accounts 43%. Going on to FIG revenues, total amount of 77.8, again FIG is pretty consistent quarter-over-quarter. Banking 67% of the revenue, insurance 27%, and managed investments 7%. Going on to PPIF, the total number was $81.2 million, and 54% of that came from public finance and sovereigns. Again that was an increase than what we usually see. Munis at 6%, projects and infrastructure at 40%, and again $81.2 million was the total. And then I think we missed structured. Total number of $90.7 million. Asset backed securities 32% of that. Residential mortgage backed securities 24%, commercial real estate 20%, and derivative 24%.
Operator: We will go next to Doug Arthur with Evercore.
Douglas Arthur - Evercore Partners: Yeah, Ray, just on international trends. If Europe stays choppy for the balance of the year, can you talk about trends outside of Europe? In emerging markets, Asia, Latin America and how, if those strengthen or continue to be strong or how you are going to get back to increasing your MIS international revenues?
Raymond McDaniel: Sure. We are expecting the international business outside of the EMEA to be relatively stronger than Europe or EMEA. And the concern will be the extent of any contagion from Europe and what that might do to business confidence and business expansion in other international markets. And, frankly, that’s a tough call to make. So we think that other international is going to perform reasonably well for the second half. It is smaller than our European business but it’s subject to at least some of the choppiness and volatility risk that we see in Europe. And I will ask Michel Madelain, if he has any additional comments he would like to make on that.
Michel Madelain: Thank you, Ray. No, think you know the scale of the business as you see is quite different in Asia and Latin America compared to Europe. But we see that as much more stable and robust than we see the choppiness we see in Europe today.
Douglas Arthur - Evercore Partners: Can you put a ballpark range around the scale relative to Europe?
Michel Madelain: Yeah. Europe, overall of Moody’s Corporation business, Europe represents about 30% and Asia represents about half of that. Asia and Latin America.
Operator: That concludes today's question and answer session. At this time I will turn the conference over to Ray McDaniel for any additional or closing remarks.
Raymond McDaniel: Okay. Before we end the call I just want to announce that Moody’s will host its Investor Day on Wednesday, September 12, in New York City. Attendance is by invitation only and the event will be webcast and further details will be provided on our investor relations website ir.moodys.com. Thanks to all for joining the call today and we look forward to seeing many of you in September.
Operator: This concludes Moody’s third quarter earnings call. As a reminder a replay of this call will be available after 4 p.m. Eastern Time on Moody’s website. Thank you.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Salli Schwartz - Global Head, IR Ray McDaniel - Chairman & CEO Linda Huber - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Peter Appert- Piper Jaffray Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners Doug Arthur - Evercore Jennifer Huang - UBS
Operator: Good day and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody’s Corporation first quarter 2012 earnings conference call. At this time I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for question-and-answers following the presentation. I would now like to turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Salli Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody’s first quarter results for 2012. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Moody’s released its results for the first quarter 2012 this morning. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, President and Chief Executive Officer of Moody’s Corporation will lead this morning’s conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody’s Corporation. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today’s remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the management’s discussion and analysis sections and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 and in other SEC filings made by the company which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I’ll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel: Thank you, Salli. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today’s call. I’ll begin by summarizing Moody’s first quarter 2012 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights and I’ll then speak to recent regulatory developments and finish with comments on our outlook for 2012. After our prepared remarks, we’ll be happy to respond to your questions. First quarter revenue of $647 million increased 12% over the prior year period primarily reflecting increased corporate and public project and infrastructure debt issuance as well as continued solid performance from Moody’s Analytics. All reporting units of both Moody’s Investor Service and Moody’s Analytics grew in the first quarter of 2012 compared to the prior year period. Operating income for the first quarter was $269 million, an 8% increased from the prior-year period. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter of $0.76 increased 13% year-over-year. While the level of issuance activity was strong in first quarter, we remain cautious about market conditions for the remainder of the year. As a result we are reaffirming our 2012 EPS guidance of $2.62 to $2.72, but now expect to be toward the upper end of the range. I will now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our results and other updates. 
Linda Huber: Thanks, Ray. I’ll begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody’s total revenue for the quarter increased 12% to $647 million. The US first quarter revenue increased 14% to $344 million while revenue outside the US grew 10% to $303 million and represented 47% of Moody’s total revenue, down slightly from the 48% in the year-ago period. Recurring revenue of $330 million represented 51% of the total, essentially flat to the prior year period.  Now looking at each of our businesses starting with Moody’s Investor Service, revenue for the quarter was $453 million, a 10% increase year-over-year. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted Moody’s Investor Service revenue by $4 million. US revenue for MIS increased 13% over the prior year period, while revenue outside the US increased 6% and represented 43% of total ratings revenue. Global corporate finance revenue in the first quarter increased 10% from the year-ago period to $201 million. Revenue grew 8% in the US while outside the US revenue increased 15% year-over-year. The growth in global corporate finance revenue reflected stronger investment grade and solid speculative grade bond issuance activity. Global structured finance revenue for the first quarter was $94 million, 5% above the prior-year period. In the US revenue increased 15% year-over-year primarily due to strength asset backed securities and commercial real estate. Most other areas of the US structured finance market remained weak. International structured finance revenue was down 2% reflecting weaker issuance volumes in European asset-backed securities in the first quarter of 2012 as well as demand in the first quarter of 2011 for ratings of outstanding securitization placed with the European Government sponsored facility. Global financial institutions revenue of $79 million increased 2% from the same quarter of 2011. US revenue was essentially flat as compared to the first quarter of 2011 while non-US revenue grew 4%. Global revenue for the public project and infrastructure business rose 23% year-over-year to $79 million. Revenue was up 37% in the US reflecting strength in both public finance and project finance. Non-US revenue increased 4% primarily due to gains in the infrastructure sector in Latin America and Asia. And turning now to Moody’s Analytics. Global revenue for Moody’s Analytics of $194 million was up 18% from the first quarter of 2011. The impact of foreign currency translation was negligible. US revenue grew by 19% year over year to $85 million. Non-US revenue increased by 17% to $109 million and represented 56% of total Moody’s Analytics revenue. Globally revenue from research data and analytics of $120 million increased 9% from the prior-year period due primarily to increased sales of credit research and related data and represented 62% of the total MA revenue. Revenue from enterprise risk solutions formerly known as risk management software of $48 million grew 11% from last year driven by the December 2011 acquisition of Barrie & Hibbert. Due to the variable nature of the project timing, enterprise risk solution revenue remains subject to quarterly volatility. Professional services revenue more than doubled to $27 million reflecting both the acquisition of the majority stake in Copal Partners in November 2011 and growth in our existing training and education business. Turning now to expenses. Moody’s first quarter expenses were $378 million, an increase of 16% compared to the first quarter of 2011. Incremental compensation expense which accounted for over half of the growth was primarily driven by additional headcount in the operating businesses and from the acquisition. Other incremental expenses were largely composed of non-compensation expenses related to the acquisitions including purchased price amortization and IT related costs. The impact of foreign currency translation on first quarter expenses was negligible. Moody's reported operating margin for the quarter was 41.6%, down from 43.3% from the first quarter of 2011. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.1% compared with 33.2% for the prior-year period. Decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to benefits derived from international tax initiatives and tax audit settlement partially offset by miscellaneous discrete items. Now I will provide an update on capital allocation. During the first quarter of 2012, Moody's did not repurchase any shares, but did issue 2.6 million shares under employee stock based compensation plans. Outstanding shares as of March 31, 2012 totaled $225 million representing a 1% decline from a year ago. As of quarter end, Moody's had 900 million of share repurchase authority remaining under its current programs and as we have previously noted, we still expect to repurchase approximately 200 million of Moody's shares over the course of 2012, subject to available cash flow, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation provision. As of March 31, Moody's had $1.2 billion of outstanding debt and $1 billion of additional debt capacity available under our revolving credit facility. Additionally on April 18, 2012 we renewed our $1 billion credit facility for another five-year term. Cash and cash equivalents were $815 million, an increase of $95 million from a year earlier. Approximately 80% of our cash holdings are maintained outside the US. We remain committed to using our strong cash flow to create value for shareholders while maintaining sufficient liquidity. And with that I will turn the call back over to Ray.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I will continue with an update on regulatory developments. Starting in the US, regulatory authorities are moving forward on implementing the various parts of the Dodd-Frank Act. Following the SEC’s summer 2011 common deadline for rule proposals relevant to NRSROs, the SEC revised its timetable and is expected to adopt final rules by year-end 2012. Within the same time, the SEC is also is expected to publish its feasibility study on establishing an alternative system for allocating rating assignments for structured finance products, otherwise known as the Franken Amendment. Turing to Europe, Moody’s was registered in the European Union in late October 2011, and as I have indicated on previous calls, the transfer of oversight of registered credit rating agencies to the European Securities and Markets Authority or ESMA, became effective in July 2011. Our European operations are therefore under the full examination and oversight authority of ESMA and ESMA published its first inspection report in March. ESMA report had not identified any breaches of the current regulation by Moody’s. As discussed on previous calls in November 2011, the European Commission release new regulatory reform proposals for the rating agency industry known as CRA 3 that seek to address among other ideas, the use of ratings and regulation, business models, competition, rotation of rating agencies and liability. If implemented as currently constructed, the Commission suggested measures are likely to have significant negative implications for Europe’s credit markets. Consequently, the debate on CRA 3 which began in the European Parliament and European Council of Finance Ministers in mid-January has involved the growing number of market participants. The focus on the debate has been on the potential negative impact of CRA 3 on the broader European economy and the ability of European insurers to access funds. Because of the tone of the debate thus far, it is possible that during the coming months, the Commission’s proposals will be amended. The next stages of the legislative process include deliberation and potential amendments by both the European Parliament and the Council of European Finance Ministers. Parliament, Council and Commission must also confer and agree on final text. We expect this process to be completed by year-end and we will continue to consult with relevant authorities and market participants as of the impact of the specific proposals. While new rules could entail various changes in our rating processes and operations and require us adapt our business. We will not abandon our fundamental objective to provide the highest quality, independent credit opinions, research and analysis. We will also continue to advocate for globally consistent approaches that align with the G20 statements and directives. I will conclude this morning’s prepared remarks by discussing on full-year guidance. Moody’s outlook for 2012 is based on assumption about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, merger and acquisition activity, consumer borrowing and securitization and the amount of debt issued. There is an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions and if actual conditions differ from these assumptions, Moody’s results for the year may differ materially from the current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency transition at end of quarter exchange rates. As I mentioned earlier, we are re-affirming our 2012 EPS guidance of $2.62 to $2.72 but now expect to be toward the upper end of the range. That we have re-affirmed our EPS guidance, certain components of 2012 guidance have been modified to reflect our current view of credit market condition. For Moody’s overall, the company now expects full-year 2012 revenue to grow in the low double-digit percent range. Full-year 2012 expenses are also projected to increase in the low double digit percent range. Full-year 2012 operating margin is still projected to be approximately 39%, which included the full-year impact of our fourth quarter 2011 acquisitions. Effective tax rate is still projected to be approximately 33%. As Linda mentioned earlier, we still expect approximately $200 million of share repurchase over the course of 2012 subject to available cash flow, market conditions and other on going capital allocation decisions. For the global MIS business, revenue for full-year 2012 is now expected to increase in the mid-to-high single digit percent range. Within the U.S. MIS revenue is expected to increase in the low double-digit percentage range, while non-U.S. revenue is now expected to increase in the low single digit percentage range. The finance revenue is now forecasted to grow in the low double digit percentage range. Revenue from each of the structured finance and financial institution is now projected to be flat to slightly up, while public project and infrastructure finances is now expected to increase in the mid-teens percent range. For Moody’s analytics for full-year 2012, revenue is still expected to increase in the high-teens percent range both inside and outside the U.S. Revenue growth is still projected in mid-single digit percent range for our research, data and analytics and in the low 20% range for enterprise risk solutions, reflecting growth in the core business as well of December 2011 acquisition of Barrie & Hibbert. Professional services revenue is now projected to grow by approximately 80%, inclusive of the revenue from the late 2011 acquisition of a majority stake in Copal Partners and continued growth in our existing training and education businesses. This concludes our prepared remarks and joining us for the question-and-answer session is Michel Madelain, President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody’s Investors Service and Mark Almeida, President of Moody’s analytics. We will be pleased to take any questions you may have. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will hear first from Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert- Piper Jaffray: So Linda, I was hoping you might give us a little more color on what's driving the rate of cost growth. And I ask this in the context of trying to understand why perhaps we’re not seeing a little bit more margin leverage in the ratings business given the strengthened revenues? And the last part of this question is has your thoughts evolved in terms of where you think margins can go in the ratings business over the next couple of years? Thank you.
Linda Huber: Sure Peter, let me try to tackle your question by comparing our margin this quarter which is 41.6% as compared to first quarter of last year which was 43.3%. So our margin is lower in the first quarter of 2012 by 170 basis points. And as we noted in the script about half of that is acquisition related or 90 basis points. Of that, the purchase price amortization for the acquisitions was about half of the 90 basis points or 45. The other piece of that, 80 basis points was IT related costs. And we have a little bit of an anomalous situation here on the IT front as we’re getting ready for Dodd-Frank implementation. Because we are not building permanent systems, but rather making enhancements to our existing systems we have to expense those costs. So our expenses are running a little bit higher on the IT front than they might usually for this couple of quarters. So if you want to think about that you might have certainly a 120 basis points or so that would normally go back to the margins that would not be doing so for the first quarter of this year. Looking forward, I think in the longer term we do expect our margin to be back over 40, but I think we've got to get through this period of expense ramp relating to these regulatory changes we've talked about.
Ray McDaniel: And Peter its Ray, just to add to that, while we are working our way and are fairly well through the Dodd-Frank process at this point and expect that that’s going to be finalized by the SEC this year, we do have the uncertainty around Europe and that’s going to be something we’re going to have to address as the CRA3 deliberation become more clear we hope over the next few months.
Peter Appert- Piper Jaffray: And Ray you think there are some specific cost implications potentially associated with that?
Ray McDaniel: It depends on what the final proposals are, but yes I think we have to assume that there are some cost implications associated with that legislation or legislative proposals.
Peter Appert- Piper Jaffray: And on the regulatory stuff, Ray I think and I am not sure if I heard this correctly, but I thought maybe in your prepared comments you are implying that you are feeling the Franken Amendment is in fact going to happen, am I putting that correctly?
Ray McDaniel: No, I think we’re just following the expected timetable for the SEC to produce its study and we don’t know their findings will be from that study.
Peter Appert- Piper Jaffray: And last thing Ray, any comments on the pipeline in terms of what you are seeing currently in terms of near-term trends and issuance? And then associated with that your revenue performance last several quarters has been very strong obviously and it looks like you maybe picking up some market share relative to other competitors. Can you comment on that please?
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, I would be happy to make some high level comments on pipeline and I think Linda has some information as well. The pipeline, and obviously the first quarter was a strong quarter particularly in the corporate and public project in infrastructure finance areas. We do believe that that has incorporated some pull-forwards, so issuance that we were expecting later in the year has been pulled into the early part of the year. So for Moody’s Investor Service, I think at this point we now expect to see a stronger first half than second half of the year. For Moody’s Analytics, we would still expect to see a stronger second half than first half of the year. That being said, most of the activity we’ve seen has been refinance and so we have not seen an active market particularly in the corporate area around mergers and acquisitions, base financing, share repurchase, business investment spending. And depending on how confidence evolves throughout this year, we may have a stronger second half than would be implied from a more purely refinance based environment. Before turning this over to Linda on what the pipeline, it looks like the only other comment I would make here is that as we’ve seen over the last 18 months, we expect to see periods of optimism and pessimism really related to the macroeconomic condition and the European sovereign debt crisis. So the pipelines are going to be subject to whether those periods of optimism, pessimism are causing investors to move away from risk and so just expect some volatility in issuance, both positively and negatively.
Linda Huber:  Peter, its Linda, let me give you some specifics and I want to speak first to the US high grade market and then I am going to speak to the high yield market. As you know we’ve just come off a gang-busters first quarter in which average monthly US high grade volume issuance was about $95 billion. Then we came into April and the April high grade volume is expected to be about $30 billion for the month. If we look at recent trends, we would have expected $42 billion that would be the 10 year average for April. So April is running light. Last week we saw about $5 billion of issuance. This week we have seen $5 billion to $10 billion of issuance. So April’s saw quite a bit of softening coming off a very strong first quarter. May, is calling for $70 billion to $ 80 billion of high grade issuance and we’re starting to see pipelines we build, but again we are concerned about the situation in Europe and any sort of week that auctions coming out of Europe can grow a range into the process pretty quickly. 2012 quoting from some of the banks here we’re still looking at $850 billion of issuance, that’s up 15% from last year, but as Ray said, we have seen some pull-forward so it’s going to be interesting to see what happens for the rest of the year. And turning to high yield, a bit of a different story and this is actually quite interesting because the high yield pipeline is still reasonably strong. For second quarter of 2011, the entire leverage market, about $27 billion of pipeline, high yield financing is about $6 billion of that, leverage loans about $21 billion. That’s the next highest after second quarter of last year where we saw $64 billion of pipeline. So high yield looks pretty good and if it all keeps coming that will be pretty helpful to us. But again, as Ray mentioned, we are very, very conscious about the risk on, risk off sort of phenomenon that we’ve been seeing.
Ray McDaniel: And with respect to your market share question Peter, I think it's as much a mix issue as anything else. Some areas in the market where Moody’s is particularly strong have been active such as the commercial real estate area in the US, but there are some other areas where our coverage has been weaker such as in European structured finance, where some of the rating actions that relate to sovereigns and how that impacts the structured portions of the structured market have not been helpful to share.
Operator: We will take our next question from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Linda, can you give us what the incentive compensation was in the quarter?
Linda Huber: Yeah. Hang on, just one second while we get that for you, Craig. Incentive compensation was $27.5 million, that was 11% of total compensation and total comp expenses for the first quarter are running about $250 million Craig.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Then also within the MIS, could you breakdown on percentage basis transaction versus non-transactions that typically ask you cross structured finance, corporate finance and PPIF?
Linda Huber: Okay, so for first quarter for corporate finance we are looking at 73% transaction and 27% relationship, so quite heavy on the transaction side for the first quarter given the way the markets have been running. Structured finance is 56% transaction and 44% relationships, financial institutions 38% transaction and 62% relationships and public projects and infrastructure 62% transactions and 38% relationship. So total MIS is 62 and 38. Moody’s Analytics of course runs sort in reserve of that 20% transaction and 80% relationships. So for the company as a whole first quarter 2012, 49% transaction and 51% relationships.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Another question, if you could breakdown on percentage basis, like within structured finance, ABS or MBS et cetera due to say for corporate finance (inaudible) and PPIF?
Linda Huber: Sure, just a second okay. In terms of corporate finance revenue, investment grade and again as we have said earlier in the call we’re looking at a total line of $200 million for corporate for the first quarter 2012. Investment grade was 22% of that or $44 million, high yield was 26% of that or $51 million, bank loans 17% at $34.7 million and other to 35% or $70 million. Again the dramatic swing for us was the change in high-yield revenues for example the fourth quarter of 2011 which was only $15 million. So $36.5 million increase in high yield is obviously very helpful to us. Let me go on to structured and see if we can get those for you. So the total structured line was $94.3 million, asset backs 29% of that revenue or $27 million, RMBS was 25% at $23.3 million. Again that does include cover bonds, commercial real estate 26% or $24 million and derivative 21%, $19.6 million and we are seeing some good interest and good pipelines around CLOs which would be another of the bright spots in structured finance?
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: Can you do it for financial and PPIF if you would?
Linda Huber: Sure for saving, total line was $78.8 million, banking was $55.9 million of that or 71%. Insurance was $18.1 million or 23% and managed investments almost $5 million or 6% and for public project and infrastructure, public finance and sovereigns $39 million which was 50%, munis just about $5 million which was 6% and project infrastructure $35 million which was 44% of the PPIF revenue line. As we had noted earlier again nice pick up in the project and infrastructure line.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partners: And then lastly if I could, I wonder if you could just update us on (inaudible) various losses out there, please? Thanks.
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, sure. In terms of just an overview in ratings related litigation, we still have 20 open cases in the US and a little over 30 cases have been closed, dismissed or withdrawn. Outside the US, we have about a dozen open cases and about a half dozen cases that have been closed. As far as probably the most notable litigations, the CalPERS case, we filed an appeal to the court’s decision on the anti-SLAPP statute in March. When that appeal will be argued or decided and in Abu Dhabi, we have filed, well first of all the discovery has been completed in Abu Dhabi and we filed a motion for some re-judgment in January, but again we don’t know when that will be argued or decided?
Operator: We will hear next from Doug Arthur with Evercore.
Doug Arthur - Evercore: Just a quick question on public finance in the quarter. Ray, do you think that's more of a one-off in the sense that last year the market was sort of paralyzed over bankruptcy concerns and so this is just sort of a snap back and then going forward, things will settle down or do you think with state finances improving, you could have a pretty good run here for the rest of the year, particularly in the US?
Ray McDaniel: We think public finance is showing and it is probably going to be a fairly study for the rest of the year. We did have a good first quarter, but we are not anticipating a big drop-off for full year. 
Doug Arthur - Evercore: And project infrastructure is the general source of the strength?
Ray McDaniel: Now well project and infrastructure has been strong, but we have also seen an increase in issuance at the regional government level, below the state level. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will hear next from Jennifer Huang with UBS.
Jennifer Huang - UBS: I was wondering if you could follow up to Peter’s question on expenses, may be just for the rest of the year in terms of the guidance, how much of that do you think is driven by meeting investments into the Moody's and over there particularly enterprise service solutions business versus the credit rating business.
Linda Huber: Sure Jen I will take a shot at that. As we said before, we expect our expenses to ramp up by about $40 million over the course of the year. And we will continue to expect that to happen and the ramp maybe a little bit deeper in the second and third quarters than some of the analysts have noted, so just something to look at in terms of the quarter-by-quarter spread on that. And so there are a number of things we are doing in terms of our investments and more than half of the growth in those expenses are due to headcount growth and those are in the revenue area as we noted, for the rating agency its corporate finance, public projects and infrastructure and for Moody’s Analytics in enterprise with solutions and sales. So the expense growth that we are projecting about half of it is headcount growth to drive the revenue lines in those growing businesses. About $7 million is acquisition related costs, some of that is the amortization of the intangibles. We mentioned this on the last quarter call. We said this would be something that we would be working, that would take our expenses. And then lastly as I mentioned to Peter, we are seeing a bit of a bump up in the expense side of our IT budget, running a little bit more heavily towards expense ramp and capitalization as we get things ready for Dodd-Frank so that would explain the majority of the cost ramp coming in 2012. Does that help you?
Jennifer Huang - UBS: Yeah, and maybe just a quick follow-up on the headcount growth, and maybe if you could provide some color; to what extent you can or in terms of the employees maybe switch from, allow them to switch from one area of credit rating to another. So for example from pay structure finance to public to the PIP area or is that possible at all?
Linda Huber: Ray will answer that part and then I’ll talk more generally about headcount additions. Go ahead.
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, there is some ability to move our professional staff between areas in MIS, but I would note that all lines of business are growing and so that does provide a constraint in terms of at least the financial ability to make the moves as opposed to for just developmental purposes. And the other thing I would just note is that a good portion of the headcount increase obviously is related to the acquisitions that we did make. So we have increase in headcount for the existing businesses that are themselves growing, but then as well from the acquisitions.
Linda Huber: Yeah, let me just give you some quick details. This first quarter ‘12 first quarter ‘11 we’ve added about 430 people in the existing businesses; about 200 of those Moody’s Analytics, again to put sales effort, the Enterprise Risk Solutions business and some of the other things you’ll note that the top-line growth in Moody’s Analytics has been quite stellar and we do need people to support that. In the rating agency, we’ve added a 156 people; we’re supporting the higher volumes particularly as I said in corporate and PPIF, we’ve not added heads in structured finance. We have added few people as we get ready for Dodd-Frank and some of the regulatory functions. For Shared Services we have about 70 headcount and some of those folks are compliance, business support initiatives and we recruiting. So we’re cautious to add people on the revenue driving side and we think that we’re seeing on the top-line reflects that we’ve invested pretty well in order to have that happen.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take a question from Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert- Piper Jaffray:  So Linda, I was just wondering specifically if there is any reason you chose not to buyback stock in the first quarter?
Linda Huber: Sure Peter. As, I think we said we had $815 million of total cash at the end of the quarter; 80% it is offshore and a lot of that is permanently reinvested offshore. We do that because it’s brought down our tax rate nicely from above 40% a bunch of years ago to, we are guiding to 33% for this year. We have made real progress on the tax line which helps the shareholders quite a bit. Perhaps the other side of that is we have about a $180 million in cash in the US here, and the first quarter, as you heard from (inaudible) earlier in week are seasonally heavy cash out flow quarter. We have bonuses to pay, we have taxes to pay and we have dividends to pay. So it’s something more than the available cash and we are looking to get back into the market as Ray said to do 200 million of repurchases for the rest of the year.
Operator: We will take a follow-up question from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.
Craig Huber - Huber Research Partner: Yes. I am back for the MIS for the second term, you guys are up internationally 6% during the quarter, can you break a point how Asia did there versus how Europe did, please?
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, we can talk generally about Europe versus other international. I won’t be able to give you a detail break-out within Asia, but Europe for the first quarter overall was down about 4% and other international was up about 30% so the overall was up about 6% for MIS outside the US.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. I just like to thank everyone for joining us and we will talk to you after the second quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes Moody’s First Quarter Earnings Call. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 03:30 PM Eastern Time on Moody’s Investor Relations website. Thank you. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-08 11:30:00) =====
Executives:  Salli Schwartz – Global Head, IR Ray McDaniel – Chairman and CEO Linda Huber – SVP and CFO Mark Almeida – President, Moody's Analytics
Analysts:  Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray William Bird – Lazard Capital Michael Meltz – JPMorgan Douglas Arthur – Evercore Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners Edward Atorino – Benchmark 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Moody’s Corporation Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year End 2011 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I’d like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company we will open the conference for questions and answers following the presentation. I would now like to turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Salli Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody’s results for 2011. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Moody’s released its results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2011 this morning. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our Web site at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Moody’s Corporation, will lead this morning’s conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody’s Corporation. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today’s remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the management’s discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 and in other SEC filings made by the company which are available on our Web site and on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Web site. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I’ll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel: Thank you, Salli. Good morning and thank you, everyone, for joining today’s call. I’ll begin by summarizing Moody’s fourth quarter and full year 2011 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights and I’ll then speak to recent regulatory developments and finish with comments on our outlook for 2012. After our prepared remarks, we’ll be happy to respond to your questions. Fourth quarter revenue of $567 million was flat as compared to the fourth quarter of 2010. With strong performance by Moody’s Analytics and global structured finance offsetting a decline from the strong prior year period in corporate finance. Operating income for the fourth quarter was $172 million, a 12% decrease from the prior year period. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter of $0.43 decreased 26% year-over-year. For full year 2011, Moody’s revenue of $2.3 billion was a 12% increase from full year 2010. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted Moody’s Investors Service revenue by $28 million and was negligible for Moody’s Analytics. Operating income of $888 million increased 15% from a year ago and included a $4 million favorable impact from foreign currency translations. Revenue at Moody’s Investors Service was $1.6 billion, an increase of 12% from last year. Moody’s Analytics revenue was $712 million, 14% higher than the prior year. Diluted earnings per share of $2.49 for 2011 increased 16% and included a legacy tax benefit of $0.03 in the second quarter of 2011 as well as other tax benefits of $0.09 in the second and third quarters of 2011 resulting from a favorable tax ruling in a settlement of state tax audits. I will now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our results and other updates.
Linda Huber: Thanks, Ray. I’ll begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody’s total revenue for the quarter was essentially flat at $567 million. The impact of foreign currency translation was negligible. U.S. fourth quarter revenue decreased 3% to $286 million, while revenue outside the U.S. grew 4% to $281 million and represented 50% of Moody’s total revenue, up from 48% in the year ago period. Recurring revenue of $318 million represented 56% of the total, compared to 52% in the prior year period. And looking now at each of our businesses, Moody’s Investors Service revenue for the quarter was $367 million, a 4% decrease year-over-year. U.S. revenue decreased 9% over the prior year period, while outside the U.S. revenue increased 2% and represented 44% of total ratings revenue. Global corporate finance revenue in the fourth quarter decreased 14% from the year ago period to $141 million. Revenue was down 13% in the U.S. while outside the U.S. revenue was lower by 16% year-over-year. The decline in global corporate finance revenue reflected weaker issuance, primarily in speculative grade bonds and loans in both the U.S. and Europe. Global structured finance revenue for the fourth quarter was $87 million, 14% above the prior year period. In the U.S., revenue increased 13% year-over-year primarily due to strength in asset-backed securities. Most other areas of U.S. structured finance market remained weak. Non-U.S. structured finance revenue rose 15%, driven primarily by European asset-backed and residential mortgage backed securities, as well as covered bonds in Europe and Asia. Global financial institutions revenue of $67 million increased 2% from the same quarter in 2010, with U.S. revenue declining 7%, while non-U.S. revenue grew 7%. Global revenue for public, project and Infrastructure declined 6% year-over-year to $72 million. Revenue decreased 14% in the U.S., reflecting a reduction in new financing for projects and infrastructure programs. Non-U.S. revenue increased 14% primarily due to gains in the infrastructure sector. And turning now to Moody’s Analytics, global revenue for Moody’s Analytics of $200 million is up 10% from the fourth quarter of 2010. U.S. revenue grew by 15% year-over-year to $81 million. Non-U.S. revenue increased by 7% to $119 million and represented 60% of total Moody’s Analytics revenue. Globally, revenue from research, data and analytics of $115 million increased 6% from the prior-year period due primarily to higher customer retention rates and represented 58% of total MA revenue. Revenue from risk management software of $56 million fell 3% from last year’s record revenue in this segment. Due to the variable nature of project timing, risk management software revenue remained subject to quarterly volatility. The December 2011 acquisition of Barrie & Hibbert had a negligible impact on software revenue in the fourth quarter of 2011. Professional services revenue doubled to $29 million reflecting both organic growth and the acquisition of a majority stake in Copal Partners in November 2011. Moody’s fourth quarter expenses were $395 million, an increase of 7% compared to fourth quarter 2010. The impact of foreign currency translation on fourth quarter expenses was negligible. Moody’s reported operating margin for the quarter was 30.3%, down from 34.8% in the fourth quarter of 2010, primarily due to increased head count and technology investments to support growth initiatives, as well as acquisition related costs. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 37% compared with 19.5% for the prior-year period. The increase in effective tax rate was primarily due to utilization of foreign tax credits and lower state taxes in 2010. Now I’ll provide an update on capital allocation. Moody’s increased its quarterly dividend on December 14 by 14% to $0.16 per share of common stock. During the fourth quarter of 2011, Moody’s did not repurchase any shares, but did issue 0.4 million shares under employee stock based compensation plans. For the full year 2011, Moody’s repurchased 11 million shares at a total cost of $334 million for an average price of $30.30 per share and issued 2.9 million shares under employee based stock compensation plans. Outstanding shares as of December 31, 2011, totaled $222 million, representing a 4% decline from a year earlier. As of year-end, Moody’s had $0.9 billion of share repurchase authority remaining under its current program. As of December 31, Moody’s had $1.2 billion of outstanding debt and $1 billion of additional debt capacity available under our revolving credit facility. Cash and cash equivalents were $760 million, an increase of $100 million from a year earlier. Approximately 70% of our cash holdings are maintained outside the U.S. We remain committed to using our strong cash flow to create value for shareholders while maintaining sufficient liquidity. Share repurchase remains subject to available cash flow and other capital allocation decisions. And with that, I’ll turn the call back over to Ray.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I’ll continue with an update on regulatory developments. In the U.S., regulatory authorities are moving forward on implementing the various parts of the Dodd-Frank Act. Following the SEC’s summer comment deadline for rule proposals relevant to NRSROs, the SEC recently revised its timetable and is expected to adopt final rules by year-end 2012. It is also expected to publish its feasibility study on establishing an alternative system for allocating rating assignments for structured finance products, otherwise known as the Franken Amendment, by about the same time. Both banking and securities regulatory authorities are in the process of reviewing their use of ratings and regulation and considering alternative measures as replacements. Turing to Europe, Moody’s was registered in the European Union in late October 2011, and as I have indicated on previous calls, the transfer of oversight of registered credit rating agencies to the European Securities Markets Authority, ESMA, became effective in July 2011. Our European operations are therefore under the full examination and oversight authority of ESMA and we expect ESMA to publish the first report on its review of the industry sometime in the second quarter of 2012. In addition, the European Commission has proposed a new round of regulatory measures for the rating agency industry. Specifically, the suggested measures address, among other ideas, the use of ratings and regulation, business models, competition, rotation of rating agencies and liability. The various concepts the Commission has introduced in its proposal focus on how and to what extent rating agencies operate in the EU. If implemented as currently constructed, however, the Commission suggested measures may have significant and negative ramifications on the European credit markets. Consequently, the debate on CRA 3 has been active and ongoing since its formal release by the Commission. In particular, on January 24, the European Parliament held a hearing through which it solicited views from a broad spectrum of market participants who generally sounded a cautionary note. Because of the tone of the debate thus far, it is possible that during the coming months, the Commission’s proposals will be amended. The next stages of the legislative process include deliberation and potential amendments by both the European Parliament and the Council of European Finance Ministers. The Parliament, Council and Commission must all confer and agree on a final text. We expect this process to take anywhere from 4 months to 8 months during which time we will continue to consult with relevant authorities and market participants as to the impact of the specific proposals. While new rules entail various changes in our rating agency processes and operations and require us to adapt our business, we will not alter our fundamental objective to provide the highest quality independent credit opinions, research and analysis. We will also continue to advocate for globally consistent approaches that align with the G20’s statements and directives. Before concluding today’s remarks by reviewing our 2012 outlook, I’ll briefly comment on our acquisitions of a majority stake in Copal Partners and of Barrie & Hibbert during the fourth quarter of 2011. Copal is an India-based, outsource research and consulting business that strongly complements the research, analysis, and professional services offerings of Moody’s Analytics. The acquisition of Barrie & Hibbert, a Scotland-based, leading provider of analytical tools for the global insurance industry, is consistent with our ongoing commitment to build a comprehensive suite of enterprise risk management solutions for financial institutions. Together, these acquisitions are expected to be accretive to EPS in 2012. I will conclude this morning’s prepared remarks by discussing our full year guidance for 2012. Moody’s outlook for 2012 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, merger and acquisition activity and consumer borrowing and securitization. There is an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions and if actual conditions differ from these assumptions, Moody’s results for the year may differ materially from the current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. We expect business conditions to remain challenging, particularly early in the year, but still project growth across most areas of our business in 2012. For Moody’s overall, the company expects full year 2012 growth to grow in the high single-digit to low double-digit percent range. Full year 2012 expenses are also projected to increase in the high single to low double-digit percent range. Full year 2012 operating margin is projected to be approximately 39%, which includes the full year impact of our fourth quarter 2011 acquisitions. Our effective tax rate is projected to be approximately 33%. We continue – we expect to continue share repurchase subject to available cash flow, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decisions. The company expects diluted earnings per share for the full year 2012 in the range of $2.62 to $2.72. For the global MIS business, revenue for the full year 2012 is expected to increase in the mid-single digit percent range. Within the U.S. MIS revenue is expected to increase in the low double-digit percent range while non-U.S. revenue is expected to be about flat. Corporate finance revenue is forecasted to grow in the high single digit percent range. Revenue from each of structured finance and financial institutions is projected to be flat to slightly down while public, project and Infrastructure finance revenue is expected to increase in the low-teens percent range. For Moody’s Analytics, full year 2012 revenue is expected to increase in the high teens percent range both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. Revenue growth is projected in the mid single digit percent range for research data and analytics and in the low 20%s range for risk management software, reflecting growth in the core business as well as the December 2011 acquisition of Barrie & Hibbert. Professional services revenue is projected to grow by approximately 70%, inclusive of revenue from the late 2011 acquisition of a majority stake in Copal Partners and continued growth in our legacy businesses. This concludes our prepared remarks and joining us for the question and answer session is Michel Madelain, President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody’s Investors Service; and Mark Almeida, President of Moody’s Analytics. We’d be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And we’ll take our first question from Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Thanks. So, Linda, I was hoping you could give us a little more color on the drivers of cost growth, why the acceleration in the fourth quarter?
Linda Huber: Sure, Peter, happy to talk about that. I think first, though, we should note that 2011 was a year of record revenue for Moody’s and we’re back above our 2007 high. So we think we should get that into the mix, Peter. Let me talk a little bit about fourth quarter 2011 as compared to fourth quarter of 2010. And the fourth quarter of 2010 we put up $0.58 and the number is $0.43 for the fourth quarter of 2011. The main bridge that gets you there is just a difference in the tax rate. We had an abnormally low tax rate in fourth quarter of 2010. As we had said earlier, the tax rate for 2010 was about 19% and we’re running about 37% for the fourth quarter of 2011. So basically we have a doubling of the effective tax rate for the quarter. That change gets you about $0.12. And then the remainder of the $0.03 to get to the bridge, we have some deal costs from these acquisitions we’ve done in the fourth quarter. We had some other expenses including a sales tax matter and a contribution to our foundation. And then we’ve got some other things in terms of bringing some IT costs and other systems online. So the main driver in the difference for the fourth quarter of 2011 is really the tax rate and there’s not much more to it than that.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: I guess, I was focused, Linda, on the operating expenses, which were up about 7.5% year-to-year versus 3.4% growth in the -?
Linda Huber: Sure. Let me try to do that bridge for you also, Peter. For the fourth quarter of 2010, expenses were $367.7 million and then they were $395 million for the fourth quarter of 2011. So we’re looking at about a $28 million increase over that period. Basically, it splits, as I’ve mentioned, about a third, a third, a third in terms of deal costs. The two deals that we did in the fourth quarter were expensive to get done. We had a success fee in the Copal deal, which is unusual for us to pay, so take $9-ish million on deal costs and other things related to those acquisitions. Another third of it, another chunk of it would be, as I said, another tax matter, which revolves around sales tax and a donation to our foundation, the sort of two costs in the other category. And then thirdly, we have these systems we’re bringing online and some consulting fees mainly to get ready for Dodd-Frank. So basically those are the three components of the $28 million of expense difference between this year’s fourth quarter and last year’s fourth quarter.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Got it. And then could you just – while we’re on the expenses, tell me what the incentive comp accrual was in the fourth quarter?
Linda Huber: Sure. Incentive comp accrual was actually down from last year, and as we had said, last year’s fourth quarter, we finished very strong in the fourth quarter last year, it was $42.8 million. This year it was only $30.3 million. That was still up sequentially, though, from the third quarter’s $25 million, but more even over the quarters of 2011.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Got it. I guess the – really the important issue, Linda, is just I’m interested in your perspective on what we could anticipate in terms of long-term margin. You’re guiding to flat margin next year. Are you basically retreating on your expectation that perhaps we could get back to low 40% margins?
Ray McDaniel: Peter, this is Ray. But for the acquisitions that we made in the fourth quarter of 2011, I think we would have been projecting approximately a 40% margin this year.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Okay. But what about next year, Ray?
Ray McDaniel: Again, subject to whether we engage in additional acquisitions, I would still say that our outlook is to have 40% plus margin and a double-digit growth on average for the firm.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Okay, great. And then, last thing, I will get off, the strength in structured finance, you mentioned specifically I guess the international business, yet the guidance is somewhat cautious and – with regard to structured finance for 2012. What’s going on in that market? And I guess a corollary to that, you’d mentioned in the past that perhaps you’re gaining a little bit of market share relative to the competition. Do you think that’s still the case?
Ray McDaniel: Well, let me start with 2011 because I did comment during the year, last year that we had what I consider to be some one-off activity in the early part of the year and we that we expected the run rate on that business to decrease. We didn’t – as it turned out, we really didn’t see that. The business held up throughout the year better than I had anticipated and we are currently looking at that run rate to continue through 2012. Obviously, there are going to be areas of relative strength and relative weakness in structured finance. For example, we still don’t see any significant RMBS activity here in the U.S. and we will have to see what the impact in Europe is of some of the one-time items that were driving business last year. But the ABS market in particular, both in the U.S. and in Europe, has held up well. And to the extent that there is a willingness to – well, to the extent that there are interest rates and spreads that make securitization attractive, there is potentially some upside to that business. But right now, we would say that we expect the run rate from 2011 to be reflected in the business in 2012. As to share, I think that’s more – probably more driven by which parts of structured finance happen to be active or inactive at any given point in time. There are some areas where we have strength relative to our competitors in terms of our analytic framework and there are some other areas where issuers and investors may prefer the business from our competitors. So it really is driven by which areas are active from quarter-to-quarter.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Thanks, Ray and Linda.
Operator: Thank you. And we’ll take our next question from William Bird with Lazard Capital.
William Bird – Lazard Capital: Good morning. Ray, I was wondering if you could just talk a bit about the pipeline. What are you seeing in terms of how issuance is developing and kind of as you look at the year, I guess how do you see growth developing in MIS?
Ray McDaniel: Sure, happy to talk about that. You can see from our guidance that we’re expecting both the financial institutions and structured finance areas to be flat, perhaps slightly down, but essentially flat. We do expect to see growth in the public, project and infrastructure finance area and we expect to see that all the way through the year. The – probably the most interesting area is corporate finance and I think right now the pipelines could be characterized as steady, but probably not more than steady. A little bit of an uptick in high yield recently. But what we’re seeing, and this is very recent, is an improvement in market tone, volatility has come down, spreads have been coming in, and those are all leading indicators of what helps build the pipeline. So early January, I would say we were pretty cautious about how the pipelines looked and what that meant for the business. As I said, more recently, some of the leading indicators are more promising. We do still expect that the second half of the year is going to be the stronger half. We do not expect this year to look like last year. So we would not anticipate having strong growth in the first half this year in the corporate area, off of what we saw last year because it was so strong last year.
William Bird – Lazard Capital: Ray...
Linda Huber: So – it’s Linda. I just wanted to give you some more details on January and February issuance. January investment grade issuance is on track with 2011, about an $80 billion issuance month for the month of January. Interestingly, there are seven deals in the market today and activity has been very active in February so far. What’s interesting is if you look at the forward calendar for high yield, we see 13 high yield deals in the pipeline, which is better than we’ve seen for quite some time. Spreads are sort of around 650 basis points or over for high yield right now. If we can get under 600 basis points, we think we’re going to start to see a lot of those deals coming. So conditions are for this moment, and again to follow-up on what Ray said, can change it any moment, but for this moment conditions are looking relatively good and you’ll see a lot of companies coming to market getting record low all-in financing costs, which obviously is very helpful to our business.
Ray McDaniel: And we still think that 2012 is going to be characterized or going to reflect at the macroeconomic conditions and to the extent that there are orderly resolutions of some of the stresses in Europe in particular, that should build confidence. If those resolutions are more disorderly, I think we would see a movement away from risk. So macroeconomics continue to play a big part of the story.
William Bird – Lazard Capital: Ray, is MIS likely to have positive revenue growth in the first quarter?
Ray McDaniel: Well, we don’t want to try to provide quarterly guidance, but I think what we’re seeing in the first quarter of this year is at this point reflective of what we were seeing in the second half of last year with momentum building slowly throughout the year. So it’s really the second half of this year that I think we’re going to see revenue growth as opposed to the first half.
William Bird – Lazard Capital: And then, Linda, I was just wondering if you’d talk a little more about expenses, just prospectively, just trying to understand why the flat margins on expected high single-digit, low double-digit revenue growth?
Linda Huber: Sure. I think what Ray was trying to say is our margins would be at 40% and we would have margin expansion but for the interesting effect of accounting for the acquisitions that we’ve done. So we have to report by GAAP and we report with those acquisitions in, so it appears that the margin is flat. Let’s talk about expenses for 2012. I think you ought to start the year at about $370 million for the first quarter for expenses, and then I think similar to what we advised you in previous years, you should ramp expenses probably by about $40 million over the course of the year. Our expenses tend to move up in the fourth quarter as you’ve obviously adjusted your – so that would be the way to lay it in for your modeling for 2012.
William Bird – Lazard Capital: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we will now hear from Michael Meltz with JPMorgan.
Michael Meltz – JPMorgan: Thank you. I think two or maybe two-and-half questions for you. On the question that Bill asked, can you just speak a bit more about earnings progression? I guess, Linda, what you’re saying is costs are going to be up pretty big in the first quarter. And I assume revenues will – even talking first half, if you want to talk that way. But you’re assuming probably pretty low to no revenue growth in the first half, costs up low double-digit, so earnings down pretty big in the first half and then ramping in the second half. Is that the way to think about it?
Linda Huber: Michael, the calendarization of this year is particularly challenging and I may ask Ray to speak to this as well. It’s very hard to know because frankly we were a little more pessimistic about the first quarter, now we’re feeling a bit more optimistic about the first quarter. So we’re going to have to see if these conditions hold. If they do, I think we would feel a little bit better. But I think your view is generally correct that we would expect, as Ray said, the second half to be the stronger half. Ray, anything further?
Ray McDaniel: Yes, in addition to saying that the second half is going to be stronger, I think what you see is the steady progression of expense growth, although not to the same degree as we had in 2011. So that $40 million expense growth should be straight-lined through the year, but revenue stronger in the second half, and again, I would expect that we’re probably going to have the lightest revenue in the first quarter.
Michael Meltz – JPMorgan: Okay. And then in terms of your MIS guidance for the year, the 4% to 6%, does that essentially imply mostly pricing and little to no volume growth? Can you talk about that?
Ray McDaniel: It’s – I mean, we do have some pricing included in that. We do expect to have growth in several areas. Where we probably will not see growth is in Europe and if there is an orderly, as I said, an orderly resolution in Europe and a return of confidence, that would provide some upside against our current projections. So we expect to see a stronger profile in the U.S. and in our non-Europe international business at this point.
Michael Meltz – JPMorgan: Okay. And then my last question. The – can you speak broadly about what’s in your guidance in terms of regulatory impact? I don’t know if there is any – it’s probably too early for any top line impact, but is there – where are regulatory costs trending year-on-year in 2012, please?
Ray McDaniel: Yeah. While I would have hoped that we would have stabilized the incremental increase in costs associated with regulation and compliance in 2012, I don’t think that that’s the central case at this point. I think we are going to have incremental compliance and regulatory expense again this year. I think it will be less than we were forecasting for last year, so perhaps in the $10 million to $15 million range as opposed to the $15 million to $25 million range that we were talking about last year.
Linda Huber: And, Michael, a caution on that would be we can’t forecast CRA 3, obviously, but we would see that the earliest that would come into effect is fourth quarter of 2012, but that’s probably a 2013 matter for the most part.
Michael Meltz – JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you for your time.
Ray McDaniel: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And Doug Arthur with Evercore.
Douglas Arthur – Evercore: Yeah, Ray, I just wanted to follow-up on your expectation for flat non – I believe it’s for flat non-U.S. ratings revenue growth in 2012, I think you started to answer that in the last question. Is that mostly because of caution on the European situation?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. That is the big driver of our expectations on the international ratings side, the European situation. We do expect to see growth in other international, Asia, Latin America.
Douglas Arthur – Evercore: Because this – I mean you got several boosts to that business in 2011, one you mentioned on the structured side, which lasted longer than expected. The other boost seemingly was from the sort of slow, inevitable move towards disintermediation where more companies are now getting ratings that previously were dependent on bank loan financing and they’re now worried about that pipeline or access. So is that – you don’t expect that to continue or is it going to level off?
Ray McDaniel: We do expect the disintermediation trend to continue. That I believe is a long-term, secular trend, not only for Europe, but elsewhere internationally. For 2012, the – we think that both the structured finance business internationally and the financial institutions business internationally are going to be down and the principal reason in both cases is because of our expectations for Europe. So we expect to have a decline in European financial institution revenue and European structured finance revenue compared to 2011. But we expect to have that in both cases largely offset by growth in the U.S.
Douglas Arthur – Evercore: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners, your line is now open.
Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners: Yes. Hi. A couple things. First, can you update us on the CalPERS, Abu Dhabi court cases first?
Ray McDaniel: Yeah. Sure, Craig. The – starting with the CalPERS case, I think as you know that the second part of the anti-SLAPP motion was decided earlier in the year. And while we won the first part of the motion, we lost on the second part of the motion, which allows CalPERS to proceed with some discovery. What’s unusual about this is that this decision is immediately appealable and we will be doing so and the case will be stayed until that appeal has been determined. With respect to Abu Dhabi, discovery was completed in December and we filed a motion for summary judgment in January in that case.
Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners: Okay. Then a housekeeping question here. Linda, can you break down, on a percentage basis, transaction versus non-transaction related revenues within structured finance, corporate financial and PPIF, please? I have a follow up.
Linda Huber: Yes, sure. For the fourth quarter 2011, Craig, for the rating agency, first let me go through CFG, transaction was 65% and relationship was 35%; for structured, 54% transaction and 46% relationship; FIG, 23% transaction, 77% relationship; PPIF, 60% transaction, 40% relationship; rating agency as a whole was 54%, 46%; and total for Moody’s Analytics, 26% transaction, 74% relationship; the balance for the company, 44% transaction and 56% relationship.
Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners: I’m sorry, did I miss the corporate line there?
Linda Huber: If you did, it’s 65%, 35% transaction and relationship.
Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners: Okay. And then the other housekeeping question I’d like to ask, can you break down the percentages by sub segment within the same four, if you would, ABS versus RMBS, CREF, derivatives and just the other three areas, too, please?
Linda Huber: Yes.
Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners: Thank you.
Linda Huber: For Corporate, the revenue split for fourth quarter 2011 were as follows: investment grade was 25% of the revenue, high yield 11% of the revenue, bank loans 15% and other was 49%. For structured, for the fourth quarter of 2011, ABS was 34%, RMBS 27%, commercial real estate 17% and derivatives 23%. Going on to financial institutions, banking was 71% of revenue in the fourth quarter, insurance was 24% and managed investments were 6%. And then finally for PPIF for the fourth quarter, public finance and sovereign were 52% of revenue, munis 8%, project and infrastructure 39%.
Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners: Appreciate that. And then also can you talk about these two acquisitions a little bit further, what we should expect, I mean can you size them for us for this new year and also what the D&A impact is for 2012?
Linda Huber: Sure Craig. I’ll give you the total D&A number first and let Mark get warmed up to explain the acquisitions that we’ve done because I think as a group we feel the analyst community is a little bit light on what we’re trying to accomplish here. The D&A number you should use for 2012 going to be about $100 million. Some of that obviously is partially due to these acquisitions and partially because we’re bringing some more systems online. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Mark and he’ll give you details.
Mark Almeida: Sure. Craig, just to give you a sense of what we’re doing, as Ray described, we acquired Copal Partners in November and that’s I think an important extension of what we’re doing in the RD&A space. Copal serves substantially the same customer set that we serve with our research and our data and our other related services. So we see this as a very nice synergistic opportunity to expand our footprint with those customers. And then on the – with the Barrie & Hibbert acquisition that we closed in December, that’s just a market extension within the software business and it allows us to have a much more compelling offering for insurance companies and will let us take advantage of what we see as a very robust opportunity associated with the Solvency II and related regulations that are being imposed on insurance companies. So we see both of those as very nice fits with various parts of the Moody’s Analytics business. In terms of the scale, I think we’d indicated before that about half of our revenue growth in 2011 was organic and about half was from acquisitions that we made, primarily the CSI acquisition that we made in late 2010. And that can – that’ll be – those proportions will be the same, roughly the same in 2012. So again, you should expect that about half of our revenue growth in 2012 will be organic and about half from these recently acquired businesses.
Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners: And then lastly, if I could slip one more in here. Ray, your optimism for PPIF for 2012, up low-teens, I think you said in your press release, obviously 2011 was up about 2% give or take for your company. Is part of it just making up for that, but also is this the way the calendar falls for the debt maturity to that area 2012 give you the optimism or is there something else going on?
Ray McDaniel: No. I would say the only thing I would add to how you’ve already sized it up, Craig, is that remember early last year there was a pretty significant concern around the public finance sector, the municipal sector here in the U.S. and so we had relatively light performance in U.S. municipals early in the year, which we do not expect to be replayed this year. Other than that, it’s really the global infrastructure story, which is going to be supporting the growth in that business.
Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions) And we’ll now go to Edward Atorino with Benchmark.
Edward Atorino – Benchmark: I apologize, would you repeat the cost question, was it $40 million and then throughout the year up?
Linda Huber: Sure. Ed, I assume you’re talking about what’s the 2012 -?
Edward Atorino – Benchmark: Right.
Linda Huber: Okay, yeah I ask that everybody –
Edward Atorino – Benchmark: $370 million and –
Linda Huber: $370 million and then ramp it up $40 million to get to the fourth quarter.
Edward Atorino – Benchmark: Okay. Thanks.
Linda Huber: Sure.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Ed.
Operator: Thank you. And Michael Meltz with JPMorgan.
Michael Meltz – JPMorgan: Hey. I just wanted one clarification. Linda, I think you just helped us on the cost side here, so you’re saying D&A is going to be up $20-something million year-over-year. That’s about a 100 bps to the margin. Correct?
Linda Huber: Yes.
Michael Meltz – JPMorgan: Okay. And what about on – when we think about free cash flow, how’s CapEx going to trend in 2012 versus 2011?
Linda Huber: Hang on a second. Let me get that for you. I think CapEx for 2011, you probably want to use $60 million to $70 million, Michael.
Michael Meltz – JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Linda Huber: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And we have no additional questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Ray McDaniel: I just want to thank everyone for joining the call today and we look forward to speaking to you again in April. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today’s conference. We thank you for your participation and have a great rest of your day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 11:30:00) =====
Executives:  Salli Schwartz - VP, IR Ray McDaniel - Chairman and CEO Linda Huber - CFO Michel Madelain- President & CEO, Moody’s Investor Service Mark Almeida - President, Moody’s Analytics 
Analysts:  William Bird - Lazard Michael Meltz - JPMorgan George Tong - Piper Jaffray Craig Huber - Access 342 Edward Atorino - Benchmark Douglas Arthur - Evercore Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good day and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the Moody’s Corporation’s Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Salli Schwartz, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma’am. 
Salli Schwartz: Thank you. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody’s third quarter results for 2011. I am Salli Schwartz, Global Head of Investor Relations. Moody’s released its results for the third quarter of 2011 this morning. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Moody’s Corporation, will lead this morning’s conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody’s Corporation. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today’s remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the management’s discussion and analysis section, and the risk factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website. These together with the Safe Harbor statement set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I will now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel. 
Ray McDaniel: Thank you, Salli. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today’s call. I’ll begin our remarks by summarizing Moody’s third quarter 2011 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. I will then speak to recent regulatory developments, comment briefly on one of our litigation matters and finish with an update of our outlook for 2011. After our prepared remarks, we’ll be happy to respond to your questions. Third quarter revenue of $531 million increased 4% over the prior year, with strong performance by Moody’s Analytics offsetting a modest revenue decline at Moody’s Investors Service. Operating income for the third quarter totaled $196 million, also 4% above the prior year period. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter of $0.57 increased 2% year-over-year and included a benefit of $0.03 from the favorable resolution of a state tax matter. While volatile market condition in US and Europe may continue, we are reaffirming our 2011 EPS guidance of $2.38 to $2.48 and we expect to beat the upper end of the range. Turning to year-to-date performance, revenue for the first nine months of 2011 was $1.7 billion, a 17% increase from the first nine months of 2010. Expenses were $997 million, up 12% and operating income of $716 million increased 24% from the prior year period. Revenue at Moody’s Investor Service for the first nine months of 2011 was $1.2 billion, an increase of 18% from a year ago. Moody’s Analytics revenue was $512 million, 15% higher than the prior year period. I will now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our results and other updates. 
Linda Huber: Thanks Ray. I will begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody’s total revenue for the quarter increased 4% to $531 million. Excluding the favorable impact of foreign currency translation, revenue grew 1%. US third quarter revenue decreased 1% to $274 million while revenue outside the US grew 9% to $257 million and represented 48% of Moody’s total revenue, up from 46% in the year ago period. Recurring revenue of $314 million represented 59% of the total compared to 55% in the prior year period. Looking now at each of our businesses, Moody’s Investor Service revenue for the quarter was $351 million, a 2% decrease year-over-year. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, revenue was down 5%. US revenue decreased 4% over the prior year period while outside the U.S. revenue increased 1% and represented 43% of total ratings revenue. Global Corporate Finance revenue in the third quarter decreased a 11% from the year ago period to $129 million. Revenue was down 11% in the US, while outside the US revenue was lower by 10% year-over-year. The decline in global corporate finance revenue reflected weaker issuance primarily in speculative grade bonds in both the US and Europe. Global Structured Finance revenue for the third quarter was $82 million, 17% above the prior year period. In the US, revenue increased 20% year-over-year primarily due to strength in commercial real estate. Most other areas of the US structured finance market remained weak including residential mortgage backed securities. Non-US structured finance revenue rose 14%, driven part primarily by European covered bonds and residential mortgage-backed securities in Europe and Asia. Global financial institutions revenue of $72 million decreased 2% from the same quarter of 2010 with US revenue declining 1% while non-US revenue fell 3%. Global revenue for the public project and infrastructure finance business declined 2% year-over-year to $68 million. Revenue decreased 8% in the US reflecting a reduction in new financing for projects and infrastructure program. Non-US revenue increased 13% primarily due to gains in the infrastructure sector. Turning now to Moody’s Analytics, global revenue from Moody’s Analytics of $180 million was up 16% from third quarter of 2010. The impact of foreign currency translation was negligible. US revenue grew by 6% year over year to $76 million. Non-US revenue increased by 24% to $104 million and represented 58% of total Moody’s analytics revenue. Globally revenue from research data and analytics of $115 million increased 9% from the prior year period and represented about 64% of total MA revenue as we continue to see good demand for products across our portfolio. Revenue from risk management software of $48 million increased 12% over last year’s third quarter performance. Due to the variable nature of project timings, risk management software revenue remained subject to quarterly volatility. Professional services revenue more than doubled to $117 million primarily reflecting the acquisition of CSI Global Education in November 2010. Turning now to expenses Moody’s third quarter expenses was $335 million, an increase of 3% compared to third quarter of 2010 or 1% increase excluding the impact of foreign currency translation. Moody's reported operating margins of the third quarter was 36.9% essentially flat to the third quarter of 2010. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 28.5% compared to 24.4% for the prior year period. The increase in effective tax rate was primarily due to a tax benefits associated with foreign earnings in 2010 partially offset by a tax benefit from the settlement of state tax audits in the current period. Now I’ll provide an update on capital allocation and stock buyback. During the third quarter of 2011, Moody’s repurchased 6.8 million shares and issued 0.1 million shares under Employee stock based compensation plan. Outstanding shares as of September 30th totaled 222 million representing a 5% decline from the year earlier. As of quarter's end, Moody’s had 0.9 billion of share repurchase authority remaining under its current program.  As of September 30, Moody’s had $1.2 billion of outstanding debt and $1 billion of additional debt capacity available under a revolving credit facility. Cash and cash equivalent were $854 million, an increase of $61 million from the year earlier. Approximately 80% of our cash holdings are maintained outside US.  We remain committed to using our strong cash growth, create value for shareholders for maintaining sufficient liquidity. Share repurchase remained such as to available cash flow and other capital allocation decision. With that, I will turn the call back to Ray.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks Linda. I will continue with the update on regulatory and litigation developments. In the US, following the SEC’s August common deadline for ruler proposals relevant to NRSROs under the Dodd-Frank Act. The SEC is expected to adopt final rules by June 2012. Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act regulatory authorities have begun resuming their user ratings and regulations and considering alternative measures this replacements.  In September, a separate SEC common period closed regarding a Dodd-Frank mandated study about, among other matters, feasibility of establishing an alternative system for allocating credit ratings, assignments for structure finance products. The study which the SEC expect to complete by December 2012, stems from what’s known as the Frankin Amendment. Also in September, the SEC released its first annual reports summarizing its examination of NRSROs as mandated by the Dodd-Frank act. It did not determine that any finding discussed in the report constituted a material regulatory deficiency.  Turning to Europe, transfer of oversight of registered credit rating agencies to the European Securities and Markets Authority or ESMA became effective in July. We expect the decision on Moody’s registration application of our EU based entities to be made before year end. As many of you know, the European Commission is expected to for its new rules for credit agency industry, drafts of which have been commented on by the media and some European officials. We also understand that the commission intends to release a formal proposal by mid to late November. Once the proposal is published it will then be debated among members of the European parliament, the commission and members of the European Council of Finance Ministers. The suggested measures that have been imported on by the media address sober ratings, the use of ratings in regulation, business models, rotation of rating agencies, liability and competition. We will continue to consult with relevant authorities and others as to the specifics of these drafts proposals. While new rules globally entail various changes in our rating agencies processes and operation and require us to adept a business who not only taught fundamental business objective to apply the highest quality independent credit opinions research and analysis. We will also continue to advocate for globally consistent approaches that are aligned in the G-20 statements and directives.  Finally, as some of you may now, a hearing is scheduled for tomorrow in one of our litigation matters, a case brought in California by Telpers regarding certain of our salable SIV ratings. At that hearing the judge is expected to rule whether the case should be dismissed under California anti-SLAPP statute, which defends free speech on matters of public interest. While we don’t know how the judge will rule, we are obviously hopeful that we will prevail on our motion at which point the case would be dismissed. Even if they do not openly on our motion under the anti-SLAPP statute there will be further opportunities to seek dismissal. I conclude this morning prepared remarks by discussing our full-year guidance. Moody’s outlook for 2011 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, corporate profitability, and business investment spending, merger and acquisition activity, and consumer borrowing and securitization. There is an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions, and if actual condition is different from these assumptions Moody’s results for the year may differ materially from the current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end-of-quarter exchange rates. As mentioned earlier, we are reaffirming our EPS guidance for the full-year of 2011 of $2. 38 to $2.48, and we now expect to be at the upper end of the range. For Moody’s overall, the company now expects full-year 2011 revenue to grow in the low double digit percent range. Full-year 2011 expenses are now projected to increase in the high-single-digit percent range. Full-year 2011 operating margin is now projected to be approximately 39% due to the planned increase in expenses and lower expected revenue in the fourth quarter. The effected tax rate is now expected to approximately 31%. Share repurchase remain subject to available cash flow and other capital allocation decisions. At Moody's Investor Service revenue for full-year 2011 is now expected to increase from a high-single-digit percent range. Within the US, MIS revenue is now expected to increase in the mid single-digit percent range, while non-US revenue is projected to increase in the low-teens percent range. Corporate Finance Revenue is now forecast to grow in the low-double-digit percent range. Revenue from Structured Finance is now projected to increase in the mid-teens percent range. Financial Institution is now forecast to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range, while public project and infrastructure finance revenue is still expected to be about flat. For Moody’s Analytics full-year 2011, revenue is still expected to increase in the low-double-digit percent range. Revenue growth is still projected in the mid-single-digit percent range, while research, data, and analytics, and in the low-to-mid-single-digit percent range for risk management software. Professional services revenue is still projected to more than double, primarily reflecting revenue from the late 2010 acquisition of CSI Global Education and very strong performance in the risk management advisory business. Moody’s Analytics revenue is now expected to increase from the high-single-digit percent range in the US and in the mid-teens percent range outside the US. That concludes our prepared remarks. And joining us for the question and answer session is Michel Madelain, the President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody’s Investor Service, and Mark Almeida, President of Moody’s Analytics. We will be pleased to take any questions you might have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We’ll go first to William Bird with Lazard.
William Bird - Lazard: Looks like your guidance implies a further step-down in MIS Q4. Just wanted to understand if you're seeing this in pipeline or if it just being conservative driven the world we live in?
Ray McDaniel: Well I think its mix, Bill. Where were we see good pipeline but uncertainty I would say is in the corporate finance are particularly that high yield sector. And I think that good pipeline is going to be whether its executed on in the fourth quarter is going to be subject to whether there are some additional spread contraction and may be some additional economic activity to the extent that there is greater confidence in growth both in the US and in Europe. I think its worth noting also that structured finance area where we had strength throughout year in crucial real-estate sector and we do think that that pipeline is a little lighter for the fourth quarter then what we have seen earlier in the year. So that's an area where we would expect decline as well.
William Bird - Lazard: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about just the cost. What was the incentive comp accrual in Q3 and what will your cost profile look like in Q4? Is there anything anomalous in cost in Q4?
Linda Huber: Sure, Bill, its Linda. The incentive compensation accrual for third quarter was $25 million which was down from $35 million in the second quarter of last year, and that's probably a reasonable number to use for the fourth quarter if we come in as we expect. Now, if we do of course have higher particularly operating income then we have got it to of course incentive compensation might move back up, but sequentially we are expecting relatively flat unless which applies to the upfront.
Operator: We go next to Michael Meltz with JPMorgan.
Michael Meltz - JPMorgan: Ray, Can you speak of the more about -- I appreciate you comments on regulation and what's happening in Europe. The press accounts have been inconsistent but they are you know talking about some a lot of the changes. Can you talk about some of the things that are out there and perhaps its premature, but I am just interested here more of your views on that regard. And then also, Linda, on the tax rate, this is tax rate has been jumping around. What do you consider your run rate tax rate that specifically at this point what should we be modeling for next year?
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, sure, Michael. I will start. With respect to the regulation, particularly in Europe, we are fully aware of some draft proposal that have been made. We haven’t seen any formal proposals at this point. But I would say that the issues being addressed in the proposals in Europe are very similar to what we have been dealing with over the last few years in the US and in some other jurisdictions around competition and conflicts of interest, the issue about over-reliance on credit ratings by market participants, enhanced transparency in the system, whether the liability standards for assigning credit ratings are appropriate or should be changed. So, its not a change in the topics there being debated in the regulatory area. Although from what I understand some of the proposals in Europe would for how to address those issues would be different in what we have seen for example in the US. I don’t think, I can go into a whole lot of detail on this at this point, because again we haven’t seen any formal proposals introduced and we don’t know what any formal proposals ultimately going to look like. But from what I understand are some things that we would believe are good ideas and some things that we would think are probably not such good ideas. Included in the former category would be reducing over reliance on rating agencies and improving information transparency. I think those are workable ideas. I think, they can develop some useful solutions in those areas. Some of the ideas that we probably wouldn’t be a supportive of, I think are also probably more unworkable. 
Linda Huber: Michael, let me take a shot at your tax question and we apologize for our bounty tax rate. For the third quarter, as we said our GAAP view of deducted tax rates was 28.5% and for the year were at 29.9% year-to-date and for the full year guidance we're guiding to 31%. The issue for us as is we are not always sure. Well, we don’t know when separate state audit matters will be resolved which is what causes the uncertainty. It frankly makes it very difficult to predict where the tax rate is going. I would be particularly hesitant to comment on 2012 tax rates because as you know there are some pretty significant proposal splitting around out there in terms of changing the entire corporate tax structure for the US. But I think it would be pretty draconian of us to try to look it where our tax rates are going to go for next year, before we have some grater clarity on the overall federal corporate rate. So, I think its enough to wait till February when we give guidance for the year to get more information on that, sorry about that.
Michael Meltz - JPMorgan: May be I will ask it this way, I think your guidance implicitly to get the $31 million for the year its perhaps $35 million in the fourth quarter, is that fair?
Linda Huber: Yeah, I think we are looking forward to take up in the fourth quarter, but again 31 is our rate for the year and it will have to be how we do in some timing (inaudible).
Operator: We will go next to Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
George Tong - Piper Jaffray: Hi this is George Tong for Peter Appert, thanks for taking my questions. Could you give us some color on NYSE market share performance versus S&P?
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, this is Ray and I will make some preliminary remarks but Michel Madelain may want to offer some comment as well. We have not seen any significant changes in market coverage. We continue to provide broad comprehensive ratings coverage both in the US and internationally. So, I mean there are areas in certain asset classes on a certain geographies where that is not the case I have mentioned in previous calls. Based on our credit analysis, we have generally not been rating the junior trances of collateralized as known obligations, for example. So, there are some areas where we don’t have the broad conference of coverage that I think characterizes our global business. But I also would say that we have not seen significant changes globally in market coverage. And Michel, if there is anything we should add to that please weigh in.
Michel Madelain: No, I mean the only thing I would add is a full set of segment, the volume of transaction is very richly limited, and therefore you may see changes from quarter-to-quarter that are really not meaningful, but apart from that I can't confirm where there is no real no change like that in taking place in this quarter.
George Tong - Piper Jaffray: Got it. And how would you characterize the sustainability of Moody’s margins environment with little to no revenue growth?
Linda Huber: Well, George, its Linda, let me take a shot of that. As usual, two components that we want to look at on margin for the rest of the year. The first component is revenue where frankly we have the most uncertainty and obviously we are guiding down on revenue you can get it from the math for the fourth quarter, and three out of four the business lines in Moody’s Investor Service, so we expect could come off in the fourth quarter. Moody’s Analytics however we expect to be moving upward in the fourth quarter. Now expenses, we started the year at $327 million in the first quarter and we told everyone we would ramp expenses around $40 million over the course of the year. And that looked to be about right. And actually, expenses will be down we think perhaps a little bit from where we were fourth quarter last year. Then we're watching our expenses. We did a pretty good job with expense control in the third quarter. We'll continue to work on that again, uncertainly around the incentive compensation fees. But we would expect in the fourth quarter margin if you do the math it’s probably going to be in the low 30s given what we are expecting right now. Now we do have unusual uncertainty for the fourth quarter of the year. We could see revenue come off further which would obviously be hurtful to the margin. We could see revenue move up by a similar amount. Our guidance incorporates that we could see as much of the $40 million swing to the downside and still hit the bottom end. We could see that swing to the upside, and obviously we might do better but it’s just extremely difficult to tell at this time. So, margin, we have got it $38 million to $40 million and we have got it for the year, and we have been pretty thoughtfully about that.
George Tong - Piper Jaffray: Got it, that’s very helpful. Going back to the Analytics business, could you provide some details on what’s driving that growth and how sustainable that growth is going forward?
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, why don’t I ask Mark Almeida to comment on that, if you would, Mark?
Mark Almeida: Sure, we are seeing good strength across all of the Moody’s Analytics businesses, particularly research, data, and analytics. That business has firmed very nicely throughout the course of this year, so we are getting very good growth from RD&A, and off course that’s the largest segment within Moody’s Analytics. The software business continues to perform very well. We like what’s been happening there and we expect to see continued good growth in software, but of course that is a lumpy business. And so, we are going to see some volatility from quarter-to-quarter. You will recall that the fourth quarter of 2010 was very, very strong in software, and it’s going to be quite a challenge for us to keep up with that in the fourth quarter this year. And then finally, we are seeing a nice boost from the acquisition of CSI Global Education which we closed last November. So, I guess the long story short, we have had very solid organic growth in the business aided by the acquired revenue from CSI this year.
George Tong - Piper Jaffray: Got it. And then, last question on a very preliminary basis, how favorable do you think the operating environment in 2012 will be the generating revenue growth acceleration?
Ray McDaniel: Well, to follow-up on Linda’s comment, we do feel that we are in a period of relatively high uncertainty, but high uncertainties does not mean that we don’t see the opportunity for revenue growth in 2012. We have got some parts of our business that are more subject to capital market activity and issuance trends. And some parts of the business, particularly over in Moody’s Analytics side which are relatively immune to issuance cycles. I'd just add that we have been in a period of low issuance for the last few months, and as you can tell from our guidance for the full-year 2011, we are not excepting a large pickup in the fourth quarter. But I also commented that the pipelines, particularly in corporate finance are pretty strong. And that is issuance activity that is looking for an opportunity which spreads narrowing to get into the market. So, there is reason to feel good about the future. It’s just predicting exactly which quarter is that going to happen that we are finding the difficulty with.
Operator: We'll go next is Craig Huber with Access 342.
Craig Huber - Access 342: First off, Linda, I'd like to a typical question. I'd like to ask, your transaction versus non-transaction breakdown for your four areas, could you go through that with us please?
Linda Huber: Sure, the third quarter starting with the rating agency as the whole, we have 52% transaction and 48% relationship for the whole business, and let me break that down with the CFG first, 62% transaction and 38% relationship, for structured 49% transaction and 51% relationship, for FIG 30% transaction and 70% relationship, and for PPIF 58% transaction and 42% relationship, and for MA were are at 19% transaction and 81% relationship, and for the whole company 41% transaction and 59% relationship just 41% and 59%.
Craig Huber - Access 342: And then my other housekeeping question. Linda, can you just revenue breakdown in corporate finance (inaudible) high-yield bank loans etc to a financial institutions too, if you would please?
Linda Huber: Sure. For investment period, 21% of the total $100 million and $29 million was investment, Craig. Now the place where we have, there are two places where we have challenges here which is interesting to look at Craig for. Basically, we are running at 12% of the whole CFG line in high-yield and that compares if you want to look at it sequentially in the second quarter of last year we were at 23% of that line running high-yield. The numbers in terms of the absolute number is $15 million for third quarter down from $45 million in the second quarter. So that is where we have a revenue issue. Bank loan is similarly, 16% of overall CFG issuance at $21 million, and if you look at the second quarter it was 22%. So the absolute number was $43.6 million in the second quarter. So again, we have had a considerable job in bank loan ratings. Other accounts, 51% for this quarter versus 37% and that’s looking a little bit flatter from second quarter to third quarter. So again, from $200 million second quarter to a $129 million in third quarter that’s the tricky part of what we are wrestling with here and that’s why it makes it more difficult to know where we are going for the fourth quarter. Let me give you structured, you want structured as well as FIG.
Craig Huber - Access 342: Yes, all three please.
Linda Huber: Okay. So, $82 million for all structured finance for third quarter, 29% is asset-backed, 25% is RMBS, 23% is real estate, and 23% is derivative. And then, for FIG a total line of $72 million, 70% of that is banking, 26% is insurance, and 5% is managed investment.
Craig Huber - Access 342: And then, for PPIF if you would.
Linda Huber: Sure. You are very thorough Craig.
Craig Huber - Access 342: Every quarter my friend.
Linda Huber: Every quarter, well, we're always prepared. We have a total of $68.3 million and 50% is PFG and sovereign, 7% is munis, and 42% is project and infrastructure.
Craig Huber - Access 342: Okay. And then, Ray, comment little bit further if you would on structured finance. Well, this year certainly seems like its done a lot better than you can originally expect it nine months ago, say can you talk little bit about that what you are seeing out there and plus what your kind of outlook in next six months say?
Ray McDaniel: Sure, you are right. It has been stronger than we anticipated and I think even after the first quarters we were fairly cautious about the remainder of the year because of the one off activity in the first quarter. We had seen strength throughout the year in both CMBS and in covered bonds. And we have seen strength in European RMBS including covered bonds. That is we do not expect either from comments for the closure real estate area to continue at the phase that it that it has earlier in the year if we have some upside surprise it might come from there. I am a bit more optimistic about the run rate for structured finance than I was, because of what we have seen in the second and third quarters. But, we do not think that it’s going to be as strong in the fourth quarter as what we’ve seen in Q2 and Q3. Nonetheless, I would point to that area for the potential of some upside.
Craig Huber - Access 342: And my last question, what was the percent change of or your revenues for your Asia operation for ratings, and also that number for Europe please?
Ray McDaniel: In the third quarter?
Craig Huber - Access 342: Yes.
Ray McDaniel: Well, our growth in Europe in third quarter for Moody’s overall was 5%. And for other international it was about 18%.
Operator: We'll go next Edward Atorino with Benchmark.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark: Hi, covered bonds, those came in a less field. Or could you talk more about whether that’s a one time event or is that the only way Europe is financing its banking system these days.
Ray McDaniel: Ed, this the perfect question for me to turn over to Mitchell Madeline and I’m going to do that.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark: Well, it was scripted.
Mitchell Madeline: Thank you, Ed. I think what is happening in covered bond is the two things. One is that we see that an increased number of programs we’re rating and that’s the long term trend we’ve seen now for many months. So we’re benefiting from that. We have a very strong market position. In term of Asia, the Asians has actually been adversely impacted by the macro trends that have been impacted grossly markets in Europe. So the actual issuance has been down. But that has been largely offset by the increased number of programs we’re rating and our market position.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark: So the dollar amount was down but the number of programs was up?
Ray McDaniel: It's about the issuance.
Michel Madeline: Yeah.
Ray McDaniel: That’s quarter on quarter.
Michel Madeline: Quarter-over-quarter.
Ray McDaniel: Year on year it has been up significantly. Yes because of the first part of the year actually the issuance was actually quite reversed.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark: Europe is frozen. Can they do covered bond issuance in this environment in the fourth quarter?
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, actually I would be pretty optimistic about the future of covered bond issue and because it is considered a safer form of financing. They have backing of the financial institution and the collateral. So it’s a secured form of financing and is particularly useful for institutions that need equity. So in a stressed environment I think its going to continued to be a favored instrument class.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark: I understand some regulatory proposals or whatever to get covered bonds into the U.S or where is all that stuff right now.
Ray McDaniel: Well you have the proposals for the immediate future. I would not anticipate that that would become a significant market. US institutions are generally in good position from a liquidity standpoint and this form of financing is probably most effective if there is a risk of worse environment or a liquidity mending environment.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark: And how does the rest of the structured world look these days, any light on the horizon?
Ray McDaniel: Yes, there are I would say several lights on the horizon. There are also areas of darkness. I think the CLO market has both in showing signs of life and the economics that support that market in terms of spreads. I think I have an opportunity to encourage issues going forward particularly if Spreads come in. The commercial real estate market although as we said we’re not expecting a strong year end still has a great deal of real estate financing that needs to occur and the other receivable sector has been strong throughout. Some areas where issuances is more in doubt, we’re going to all be waiting for more permanent resolution of US residential mortgage backed securities. What role the project market will play in that sector and also you know areas such as credit card and student loans had been under more pressure mainly because of the performance of the asset class because of changes in regulation.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark: I know if I miss this, could you give an update generally on issuance saying how you yield corporate in October, we’re almost through with October, I think my calendar’s right. It’s still depressed I presume.
Linda Huber: It's Linda; let me take a shot at that. Yes, through October it has been depressed. There is a pipeline out there and there are a couple of different things that we watch. We watch the VIX index which is Orchit Express which had been as high as 60 and is now come down to 30 when we were doing strongish ones in high-yield that was done to 15. We would like to see that come in a little bit, hopefully we’ll get there. The other thing is we need to spreads to come in probably 75 to 100 basis points, and today looks better in the markets. We are noticing 7 deals in markets this morning none of them high-yield that I can see yet but we need spread to come in. We need people to get back into more of a risk-on mode and we’ll see what happens but you know our revenue is sensitive to what happens in high yields and bank loans and you know those two can swing up in one direction or another.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark: Can you talk about what’s been driving Analytics at a fantastic track record in the last couple of quarters?
Linda Huber: Thank you. Maybe we'll let Mark do that.
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, Mark you want to take that?
Mark Almeida: Sure. Eddy it’s a – as we said earlier that the research business is firmed very nicely, so that's helping us software’s is been performing well and so organically that the business is firing on all cylinders to be honest. And then we've also got the additional revenue from CSI which we've acquired last November.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark: But you give an organic growth rate that I miss out to the quarter?
Mark Almeida: We did not.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark: Would you give one?
Mark Almeida: We had not disclosed that.
Operator: Well our next question from Douglas Arthur with Evercore.
Douglas Arthur - Evercore: Yeah, Linda, I am sorry, can you go back over the breakdown of quarter finances? It sounded for a second that you are moving dollars and percentages around.
Linda Huber: I think what I was trying to do was to explain little bit about what the different before second quarter to third quarter which we think is instructive for everyone. So, let me run through this again let me look at the big dollar changes because I think that would be helpful. So in second quarter of 2011 obviously, issuance was very, very strong. We had a record quarter in corporate finance of $200 million of issuance. For corporate finance for this quarter, third quarter we down to $129 million so we lost about $70 million. Now investment trade didn’t suffer quite as much. We went from about $38 million to about $27 million, but again the high yield business went from $45 million to $15 million and the bank loan business went from almost 47 to $21 million. Other accounts a little bit more stable as well from sort of $74 million to $66 million. So of the $70 million difference of the change is attributable $52 million that is high yield in bank loans. So, again we like to see those too such as comeback. And again, we would see a revenues swing to the upside or we could see revenue swing to the downside depending on what happens in the fourth quarter. Particularly with the corporate business, it is the toughest one for us to forecast right now because markets are obviously choppy. We have weeks which are very strong in terms of issuance we have weeks which are almost closedown in terms of issuance. The general view in November we’ll hearing for just high grade. Expectations running $80 billion of issuance for high grade, which should be about $20 billion a week which is good. But we are also cognizant that we only got sort of six more weeks to the year to go here obviously we are moving into the holiday period so we’re trying to be thoughtful about this but it’s pretty tricky to forecast. 
Operator: We’ll go next this one Sloan Bohlen with Goldman Sachs.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Hi there. Just a follow-up question with regard to issuance particularly with investment grade. How should we think about the upcoming maturity schedule specifically if it means to refis now that corporate balance sheets of yours is flushed with cash has ever been, should we think about the amount of that issuance relative to what’s maturing coming down as cash is used to delever, and how do you think about that for projecting your turn?
Linda Huber: Sloan, I don’t have that information right in front of me. I would urge you to look at our third quarter investor deck which we’ll be putting up after we file the 10-Q which will be sort of middle of next week I think, and we’ll have that chart in there, which you might want to take a look at it.  The turn would be while we saw post forward in the first week, second quarter we saw an air pocket or sort of a stalling out in the third quarter and you can tell by the numbers that I just gave to Doug and to Craig about what the magnitude of that was. We’re hoping as we said that we’ll get back to a more typical high grade issuance month of $80 billion for the month of November running about $20 billion a week but again we have to wait and see. What we’ve seen as the markets open up opportunistic strong issuers jump back in and they are continuing to finance. Given that many corporates have a lot of cash offshore we think that people are still looking to finance and we see some cases of people financing for share buybacks, also for CapEx and to a lesser extent it’s still there for M&A activity. The role of refinancing still exists but take a look at that next week when we put up the new investor deck.
Ray McDaniel: Sloan, just to add a little bit of on Linda's comments. There is a very significant amount of refinancing that we can see having to occur over the next three to four years. It has been pushed out from the height of the wall is lower in 2012 than it was early this year and that’s not surprising. So what I think we would describe this as the refinancing that is going to occur is going to have an opportunistic flavor to it and if rates come in and there is an opportunity to refinance early at good spreads that’s going to be done. What we are also looking to is the degree of financing that is going to occur out of the refi market as a result of M&A activity capital raising for general corporate purposes, share repurchase and the like and that’s what we will associate with issuance activity in a reinvigorated economic environment. So, its trade-off between the very low rate that we might see in a more of a refi and environment and perhaps higher rates but more narrow spreads in a stronger overall economic environment that would drive financing for different reasons other than just refi.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Okay, that’s all very helpful, and I think that one other bit of my question will be though, as we look at the wall of financing as we look at those numbers about what’s an assuring in each of the upcoming years. Should we think about the ratio being one-to-one, so if say a $100 was maturing should a $100 be issued or you think there can be something less than that as company delever?
Ray McDaniel: I think its going to depend on how companies feel about the overall economic environment and business expansion at the end of the day. I don’t think they are going to be delivering if they are in a business expansion mode and we would see more of a one-to-one. If they continue to feel that risk is bad, as they did in August and September then we may very well see them using some of their cash to delever. I think also, that a lot of finance executives that have come through this period are thinking about having more cash on hand on a permanent basis then they would have before the financial crisis. And so, I don’t think that a return to historical cash on hand level is necessarily the central case.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Okay that’s helpful. And then, just one other question on the Moody’s analytics, as one of you guys could touch on the Wall Street cost cutting potential headcount reduction, and what impact that might have in that segment?
Ray McDaniel: Sure, I think I am going to let Mark add color to the remarks I have or correct them if I misspeak. But, I think there are two things that act in somewhat offsetting ways, one is if there is a good headcount at our customers fewer number seats that may limit the number of licensees that we have for those seats and reduction in users per customer. On the other hand, the reduction in work force at firms impacts what they were able to do they themselves, and they go outside and look for expertise in risk management, risk modeling, risk metrics that we provide and that provides a very good sales opportunity for us and I think we would characterize the second factor as being more powerful than the first. 
Mark Almeida: Ray, it's Mark, I agree with that, I think that’s correct characterization of where we are. Thus far we haven’t see the head count reductions that it had been announced at the banks, have not affected the business. We haven’t seen any kind of a material pull back on spending at our big financial institutions customers. Certainly the stories we were reading in the press and hearing about the large numbers of staff reductions and what appears to be more emphases on expense management that doesn’t make us feel great, but it’s a practical matter, it has not yet presented itself or manifested itself in undermining any of our sales activity.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And Mark is there a time seasonally when we would expect that to through if it did?
Mark Almeida: Well, I mean I would reflect back on what we went through in late 2008 and through most of 2009. I don’t think that was seasonal, that was more event driven, you had the aggressive pull back post Lehman and so forth. Certainly as we move in to 2012, people are now putting their budgets together and making their spending commitments for next year. If we saw a short pull back, we would start seeing it now, and as I said, we have not yet seen that, but obviously it’s something we are going to look at very closely over the next couple of months. 
Operator: Thank you, at this time I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Ray McDaniel for any additional or closing remarks.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. This concludes the third quarter earnings call. As a reminder a replay of this call would be available after 3.30 p.m. Easter Time on Moody’s website. Thank you very much everybody.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentleman for your participation, this will conclude today’s conference call.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-27 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Raya Sokolyanska – Vice President, Investor Relations Ray McDaniel – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Linda Huber – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray William Bird – Lazard Michael Meltz – JPMorgan Craig Huber – Access 342 Doug Arthur – Evercore Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs Edward Atorino – Benchmark Company Bill Clark – KBW
Operator: Good day, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen to the Moody’s Corporation’s Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Raya Sokolyanska, Vice President Investor Relations substituting for Salli Schwartz. Please go ahead ma’am.
Raya Sokolyanska – Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody’s second quarter results for 2011. I am Raya Sokolyanska, Vice President of Investor Relations substituting for Salli Schwartz. Moody’s released its results for the second quarter of 2011 this morning. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Moody’s Corporation will lead this morning’s conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody’s Corporation. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today’s remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the management’s discussion and analysis section, and the risk factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website. These together with the Safe Harbor statement set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I will now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Raya. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today’s call. I’ll begin our remarks by summarizing Moody’s second quarter 2011 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. I will then speak to recent regulatory developments and finish with comments on our outlook for 2011. After our prepared remarks, we’ll be happy to respond to your questions. Second quarter revenue of $605 million increased 27% over the prior year, reflecting gains across the ratings business particularly for corporate debt and continued strong performance from Moody’s analytics. For all reported units within Moody’s Investors Service and Moody’s Analytics grew in the second quarter of 2011 from the same period in 2010. Operating income for the second quarter totaled $270 million, 42% above the prior year period. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter of $0.82 increased 61% year-over-year and included a benefit of $0.06 resulting from a foreign tax ruling. Based on second quarter performance, we are raising our full year 2011 EPS guidance to a range of $2.38 to $2.48 from the prior range of $2.22 to $2.32. However, we expect more challenging debt issuance conditions in the U.S. and Europe in the second half of the year as compared to the first half. Turning to year-to-date performance, revenue for the first six months of 2011 was $1.2 billion, a 24% increase from the first half of 2010. Expenses were $662 million, up 17% and operating income of $520 million increased 34% from the prior year period. Revenue of Moody’s Investor Service for the first six months of 2011 was $851 million, an increase of 28% from a year ago. Moody’s Analytics revenue was $332 million, 14% higher than the prior year period. I will now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our results and other updates.
Linda Huber – Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Ray. I will begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody’s total revenue for the quarter increased 27% to $605 million. Excluding the favorable impact of foreign currency translation, revenue grew 23%. U.S. second quarter revenue increased 20% to $315 million while revenue outside the U.S. grew 34% to $290 million and represented 48% of Moody’s total revenue. Recurring revenue of $309 million represented 51% of the total compared to 59% in the prior year period. Looking now at each of our businesses, Moody’s Investor Service revenue for the quarter was $438 million, a 33% increase year-over-year. Excluding the favorable impact of foreign currency translations, revenue grew 29%. U.S. revenue was up 26% over the prior year period while outside the U.S. revenue grew 44% and also represented 44% of total ratings revenue. Global corporate finance revenue for the second quarter was $86.3 million, 18% above the prior year period. In the U.S. revenue increased 8% year-over-year, primarily due to strong issuance growth in commercial mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. Other areas of the U.S. structured finance market including residential mortgage backed securities remained weak. Non-U.S. structured finance revenue rose 28%, reflecting higher issuance volumes in European asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities, including covered bonds. Global financial institutions revenue of $79 million increased 25% from the same quarter of 2011. U.S. financial institutions revenue increased 27%, driven by increased banking and insurance issuance from smaller-sized institutions, while non-U.S. revenues increased 24% supported by stronger banking activity in all regions. Global revenue for the public, project and infrastructure finance business grew by 13% year-over-year to $73 million. Revenue increased 7% in the U.S. reflecting growth in infrastructure finance partially offset by continued weakness in public and project finance issuance. Non-U.S. revenue increased 25%, primarily driven by growth in infrastructure finance. And turning now to Moody’s Analytics, global revenue for Moody's Analytics was $167 million, was up 12% from the second quarter of 2010. The impact of foreign currency translation was negligible. U.S. revenue grew by 4% year-over-year to $70 million. Non-U.S. revenue increased by 18% to $97 million and represented 58% of total Moody's Analytics revenue. Globally revenue from research, data and analytics of $111 million increased 6% from the prior year period, and represented about 66% of total MA revenue as we continue to see good demand for products across our portfolio. Revenue from risk management software of $40 million increased 2% over last year’s strong second quarter performance. Due to the variable nature of project timing and the concentration of revenue in a relatively small number of engagements, risk management software revenue remain subject to quarterly volatility. Professional services revenue more than tripled to $16 million, reflecting the acquisition of CSI Global Education in November 2010 as well as strong results in the base business. Moody's second quarter expenses were $335 million, an increase of 17% compared to second quarter of 2010 or 13% increase including the negative impact of foreign exchange translation. Expense growth was primarily driven by increased headcount including from the acquisition of CSI Global Education and higher accruals for incentive compensation and Moody's profit sharing plan, reflecting the stronger full year outlook. Moody's reported operating margin for the quarter was 44.6%, compared with 39.9% in the second quarter of 2010. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 27.8% compared with 31.1% for the prior year period. The decrease was driven by lower taxes on foreign and state income and a recent favorable tax ruling, partially offset by a smaller benefit in 2011 for legacy tax matters. Now, I will provide an update on capital allocation and stock buybacks. During the second quarter of 2011, Moody's did not repurchase any shares and issued 0.9 million shares under employee stock-based compensation plans. Outstanding shares as of June 30, 2011 totaled 228.7 million, representing a 2% decline from a year earlier. As of quarter end, Moody's had 1.1 billion of share repurchase authority remaining under its current program. As of June 30th, Moody's had $1.2 billion of outstanding debt with $1 billion of additional debt capacity available under our revolving credit facility. Cash and cash equivalents were $939 million, an increase of $453 million from the prior year period, approximately 70% of our cash holdings are maintained outside the U.S.  We remain committed to using our strong cash flow to create value for shareholders, while maintaining sufficient liquidity. We expect to resume share repurchases in the second half of 2011 subject to available cash flow, market condition and other ongoing capital allocations decisions. And with that I will turn the call back over to Ray.
Ray McDaniel – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Linda. I'll continue with an update on legislative and regulatory developments. First, in the U.S., as discussed last quarter, the principal regulatory activities in 2011 will be SEC rulemaking under the Dodd-Frank Act. The majority of rule proposals regarding regulation of NRSRO were published in May with the common dead line of August 8th. These rule proposals include requirements on reporting of internal controls, analysts training and transparency of ratings related information. The SEC has also published request for comment regarding the feasibility of establishing system before a signing in NRSRO to determine one of the credit ratings for structured finance products. This is generally known as the Franken amendment. That comment deadline is September 13. And yesterday, during an open hearing, the SEC adopted rules that we move references to credit ratings and certain rules, forms, and communications made by issuers under the securities laws. This action is consistent with Moody’s long-standing recommendations. While new rules entail various changes in our rating agency processes and operations and require us to adapt our business, we will not alter our fundamental business objective to provide the highest quality credit opinions, research and analysis. Turning to Europe, the transfer of oversight of registered credit rating agencies from national regulators to the newly established European Securities and Markets Authority or ESMA is effective as of this month. We have submitted an application for the registration of our EU-based entities and for authorization to endorse our non-European credit ratings, so that they qualify for regulatory use by EU regulated entities. We expect the review of Moody’s registration application to be concluded before year end. The European Commission is expected to propose new rules for the rating agency industry in the coming months regarding matters that include the use of ratings in regulation, business models, sovereign ratings, liability, and competition. Finally on July 20, the European Commission published its preliminary proposal on bank capital, which seeks to implement Basel III. The proposal focus is on three new elements, provision of sanctions, effective corporate governance, and provisions preventing the over-reliance on external credit ratings. As regulatory reviews and activity occur in other jurisdictions, we will continue to advocate for globally consistent approaches that align with the G-20 statements and directives. I will conclude this morning’s prepared remarks by discussing our full year guidance. Moody’s outlook for 2011 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, corporate profitability, and business investment spending, mergers and acquisition activity, and consumer borrowing and securitization. There is an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions and if actual conditions differ, Moody’s results for the year may differ materially from our current forecast. As mentioned earlier, we are revising our EPS guidance upward for the full year 2011 to a range of $2.38 to $2.48 reflecting stronger than expected second quarter performance partially offset by expectations from more challenging debt issuance conditions in the U.S and Europe in the second half of 2011 as compared to the first half of the year. For Moody’s Corporation, we now expect full year 2011 revenue to grow in the low-teens percent range. Full year expenses including the impact of higher accruals for incentive compensation and Moody’s profit-sharing plan are now projected to increase in the low double-digit percent range. The full year 2011 operating margin is still projected between 38% and 40%. Our effective tax rate is now expected to be approximately 33% for the year. Our revenue expectations for certain areas have changed based on conditions specific to those businesses and geographies. My comments will primarily highlight those components that have been revised and we refer you to our earnings release for a full review of our 2011 guidance. Our full year outlook assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. At Moody’s Investor Service, we now expect revenue to increase in the low teens percent range globally with high single-digit percent growth in the U.S. and growth internationally in the low 20s percent range. Revenue now projected to increase in the mid 20s percent range in corporate finance and in the high single-digit percent range in structured finance. Public project and infrastructure finance revenue is now expected to remain about flat to last year. Global revenue of Moody’s Analytics is now expected to grow in the low double-digit percent range with that growth reflected both in the U.S. and internationally. That concludes our prepared remarks. And joining us for the question-and-answer session is Michel Madelain, President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody’s Investor Service. Mark Almeida, the President of Moody’s Analytics is traveling today and will not be on the call. We’d be pleased to take any questions that you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) I will go first to Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Thanks. So, Linda, I’m wondering in the context of how robust the margins were in the current quarter, if you are rethinking your expectations in terms of where you think a reasonable level of margin might be over the next couple of years?
Linda Huber: Peter thanks. Over the next couple of years, I think you said we’d hope to over time return to the low 40s, but for the second half of this year, most immediately we are expecting to see a little bit of margin compression in the back half of the year. Looking at our guidance, you probably inferred that we are expecting some revenue growth slowdown from the first half of the year to the second half of the year and as we had mentioned on the first quarter call, we will continue to ramp expenses. So, we may find that the margin will suffer a bit of contraction before we hopefully return to expansion mode.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: When you say compression, are you meaning versus first half or you meaning on a year-to-year basis?
Linda Huber: I mean versus first half. The first half I think we are running at 44.3 for the year for margin. Let me give you the actual numbers so that I'm sure that everybody understands where we are here. We do expect revenue slowdown in the second half of the year compared to the first half. You will recall we have tougher comparables as well in the third and fourth quarter, when revenues strengthened last year. So, the first half of the year we have done a $1.182 billion in revenue and we are expecting that we will probably see some more between $50 million and $75 million less in revenue for the second half. That will still be up in the mid single digits over last year's second half, but again the pace of growth is moderating. Then on the expense side, if you go back to the first quarter call you will remember that I said that the first quarter expenses were in fact $327 million for the first quarter and we are expecting that ramp to increase by $40 million to $50 million for the expense number, when we get to Q4. So, the two trends taken together, earnings growth a little bit slower and ramping expense growth will probably cause margin contraction for the back half of the year.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Got it and then, Linda, just as a housekeeping issue, the $0.06 tax benefit from the foreign tax ruling are you including that benefit in the revised guidance?
Linda Huber: Yes, we introduced a 33% tax rate of rolling forward we had in two beneficial items one with the resolution of the legacy tax matter for $0.03 and then that foreign tax ruling that you exactly mentioned Peter, which was $0.06.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Or $0.09 in the revised guidance.
Ray McDaniel: That’s correct.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Okay got it. And then lastly, Ray, can you give us an update on the litigation front. You had some pretty good success, I understand recently?
Ray McDaniel: There are a couple of things from the quarter that I think are probably worth highlighting. First of all because the case is visible, I'd just point out that on the CalPERS matter, the hearing that was originally scheduled for August 23 has been postponed to September 8 and 9. We don't know that there will be any ruling consistent with the timing of that hearing, but that is when the hearing is going to be held on CalPERS. In May, we had a Court of Appeals decision affirming the dismissal of three separate cases that we've referred to in previous calls as a 33 Act cases that would seek to hold rating agencies liable as underwriters under the 33 Act. The Court of Appeals, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the dismissal of the three separate cases that it was reviewing, so that was very good news. Then just recently in July, we had the Second Circuit again saying that plaintiffs in a shareholder action that they were seeking to establish class action status for could not appeal the decision disallowing them to represent other shareholders as a class. So those would be the three cases that are worth noting from the most recent quarter.
Operator: We will go next to William Bird with Lazard.
William Bird – Lazard: Good morning. I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about the implied guidance for the second half. Is it based on what you are seeing now and also how if you risk the numbers relative to a potential U.S. downgrade?
Ray McDaniel: Sure, Bird. I think it's appropriate to characterize the pipelines now as reasonable. They are not as – certainly in the corporate area are not as robust as they were earlier in the year, but they're still pretty good, especially for investment grade issuance, and I will offer some broader comments in just a moment, but I would also characterize the public finance pipeline as reasonable, although it has been soft for most of this year, so there has been a pick up, but it was off of a low base earlier in the year and then in structured finance again the pipeline looks pretty good, but it has some areas of strength and some areas where there is continuing weakness. So I would say that's the area where our outlook for the second half of the year is probably the most uncertain and may embed the most upside potential as against our current expectations, but beyond the pipelines, which again I am characterizing as being pretty good are questions about whether there are going to be temporary market dislocations associated with some of the sovereign debt issues either in Europe or here in the U.S. We’re looking at situations that we think are somewhat analogous to when we saw market slowdown a year ago when the initial problems with Greece surfaced and there were temporary slowdowns in debt issuance. We wouldn't be surprised to see that again in the second half this year, although we do believe that those would be temporary. Then whether there would be a slowdown in issuance associated with any rating action on the U.S. Government, I think while there is not a direct linkage between most of the corporate and private sector ratings that we do assign, there are some areas where there are linkages whether it's with government sponsored enterprises or municipality states and we would assume that there would be in the event of a rating action on the U.S. Government, again some market dislocation and we would have to see how quickly any resolution about the debt ceiling problems in the U.S. were resolved, how quickly those actions were taken and what the longer term plan around the sovereign debt situation in the U.S. would be in order to better forecast what the impact would be on the financial markets more broadly.
William Bird – Lazard: Great, thank you. I was just wondering if you could touch on refinancing, you know, clearly there was quite a lot of that activity in Q2. I was wondering if you have any sense of how much of the future activity got pulled forward?
Ray McDaniel: Yes, we certainly believe that Q2, really the first half of this year has been characterized by pull forward of debt financing early in the year from later this year and then more recently from 2012. So a lot of debt that would have been maturing in 2012 has been refinanced, but there is still a large amount of debt that is scheduled to mature in 2013 through 2015 that is going to have to be refinanced and we would expect to see pull-forward of that as we move later into this year and then into 2012 before potentially interest rates or spreads widen and financing costs rise. So, there is a substantial amount of debt to be refinanced. In terms of where we would see upside in the corporate area, it's really not the refinancing at this point though, I think we would want to see a resumption of business spending, business confidence, and merger and acquisition activity to continue as it has in the first half of 2011 and that would provide some upside potential to the corporate sector.
William Bird – Lazard: Great. And just final question, Linda, I was wondering if you could give us the incentive comp accrual. Thank you.
Ray McDaniel: Bill, as we had said, obviously, we’ve increased our guidance and that really results in two things; first, our incentive comp accrual goes up and also we've instituted profit sharing because EPS growth has at this point exceeded 10% for the year. The profit sharing number which is right now a little under $2 million you can see in the salary and benefits line, the incentive comp number for the second quarter 2011 was $35 million, and for this quarter last year, it was $18.3 million, reflecting, obviously we've had a very strong second quarter this year and last year's second quarter, as Ray had described, was characterized by the air pocket, as we call it, around Greece. So, we had a much lower incentive compensation number last year.
Operator: We’ll go to Michael Meltz with JPMorgan.
Michael Meltz – JPMorgan: Thank you. Linda, can you clarify the Peter's question about the guidance? The EPS you're basing it on to get to that $2.38 to $2.48, that's the $1.46 you did non-GAAP in the first half or the $1.49?
Linda Huber: It’s 1.49 GAAP. We do our guidance by GAAP Michael.
Michael Meltz – JPMorgan: Okay. And then, just to understand a little bit more on what you're saying about the near term expectation, is Q3 looking just, Ray, I guess you said reasonable then you said pretty good pipeline. And you're looking at a pipeline of what could get done based on what issuers have, your discussions, how are you thinking about it? Because I guess we're sitting here thinking the world's ending and it's an ugly place out there, but it sounds like you still expect a good amount of issuance. You expect revenues to grow in the second half. Can you just talk little more about what you see?
Ray McDaniel: We do expect year-on-year revenue growth in the second half. We do not expect it to be the kind of growth that we saw in the first half. But, we are not expecting a significant downturn in our business at all. In fact as I said, we’re expecting it to continue to grow in the second half of the year. We do think there are higher than normal likelihood of short term disruptions. We’ve been seeing that over the last 12 to 18 months and doesn’t look like any reason to say we think those periods of disruptions are passed us. There continues to be stress in Europe and European public sector and obviously we have the issues here in the US that have been in the headlines. So, there is a, I would say, a higher than usual degree of uncertainty about exactly what the timing is for returning to greater market stability and what the conditions will be that have led to that greater market stability based on policy actions in the US and developed Europe, both.
Michael Meltz – JPMorgan: Okay. Linda, a question for you on capital allocation, why was there no repurchase in the quarter as the stock pulled back and now you're sitting here, the stock's gotten tagged a bit, I mean, how should we be thinking about the extent of share repurchase activity going forward?
Linda Huber: Certainly Michael, it was a much simpler explanation. When we have material information that the market doesn’t have, we’re precluded from being in the share repurchase market and that was the situation for most of the second quarter. As I said, we are expecting to resume share repurchase for the back of the year and we have plenty of capacity and we have plenty of cash.
Operator: We’ll go next to Craig Huber with Access 342.
Craig Huber – Access 342: Yes, good morning. Thanks. As I typically like to ask, Linda, can you just give us the transaction versus non-transaction percentages for structured finance, corporate, financial institutions and PPIF? And I have some follow-ups. Thanks.
Linda Huber: I will give you the percentages, as you said, Craig for transaction and then relationship. We’ll start with structured. For the second quarter of 2011 transaction is 51, relationship 49, corporates on the back of the very strong issuance 76, transactions 24%, relationship, financial institution 38%, transaction 62% relationship, PPIF 59 and 41, total for the rating agency for the second quarter 61% transaction and 39% relationship, MA, as you know Craig kind of runs the other way 16% transaction, 84% relationship and as we said in the script the total for the company was 49 and 51.
Craig Huber – Access 342: Then also, Linda, if you would, another way you break down the revenues within structured finance and the other categories via ABS, RMBS, CREF and derivatives, and if you could breakdown corporate financial and PPIF as well that way by percentages?
Linda Huber: Yes, sure. Let me do corporates first, Craig. Investment grade for the second quarter was 19% of the total corporate revenue; spec grade, high yield was 23%, bank loans 22% and other was 37% and in fact corporates represented 46% of the rating agency revenue. If we look at structured, the asset-backed line was 32% of the structured total. Residential mortgage-backed securities, and this includes covered bonds on a global basis, was 26% of the revenues. Commercial real estate was 20%, derivatives was 21% and structured represented 20% of the total rating agency revenue. Financial institutions; banking represented 68%, insurance 24% and managed investments 8% and FIG was a total of 18% of the MIS revenue and PPIF, the public finance and sovereigns 47%, annuities 7%, project and infrastructure 46% and PPIF was a total of 17% of the rating agency revenue. Do you want analytics as well Craig?
Craig Huber – Access 342: We have that in the press release. I’m just curious you did hit on this, but is there anything else you can tell us more specifically why you didn't buy back any stock in the quarter? Whatever you're alluding to here is it in the marketplace now, so you're allowed to buy back stock in the third quarter or are you still on hold?
Linda Huber: Yes. As of today, it's in the marketplace now. We had choppy issuance conditions and frankly it was unclear where we were going to go with our guidance, so we weren't in the market. That's the story
Craig Huber – Access 342: Lastly on the costs, if I heard you right are you trying to say that your total cost by the fourth quarter will be up $40 million to $50 million versus say where you're at in the first quarter that we kind of say?
Linda Huber: Right, total expenses were $327 million in the first quarter and we're going to ramp throughout the year and so we're looking at another $40 million or $50 million on top of that $327 million by the time we get to Q4. So, call it $367 million, $377 million something like that.
Operator: We will go next to Doug Arthur with Evercore.
Doug Arthur – Evercore: Linda, just on the cost side again, SG&A has been ramping at a 15% to 20% rate for four, five quarters in a row. This specific quarter was only up 4%; anything changing there?
Linda Huber: Not particularly. We have added to our efforts, obviously to drive the Moody's Analytics business, but nothing particular there, a little bit of pop-up in T&E expense, but nothing of great note there Doug.
Doug Arthur – Evercore: Yes, I mean it just seemed like all of a sudden you're kind of leveled off. I know you've spent a lot of time on second half expenses, but just kind of a strange trend. Then Ray, can you specifically address the bank loan ratings market within corporate, I mean that was huge and it's really been huge now year-over-year for six or seven quarters in a row and it appears to have been another big boomer in the second quarter. What's going on there and what is your outlook there for the second half?
Ray McDaniel: Sure. What has been going on there is two things. One, the rated bank loan sector is an area where we are gaining share as compared to the unrated sector, so the number of bank loans that are being rated as a percent of the total stock of bank loans is growing. There has also been a significant amount of bank loan activity, so the stock itself has been growing and in particular, I would point to Europe and what is a longer term secular disintermediation trend and a move to having bank loans rated and available for a wider investment population than historically would have been the case. We did have very significant amount of bank loan activity in the first half of the year. We don't think it's going to again maintain that pace although it's going to continue to be a strong area for us in the second half of the year, although with the U.S. being stronger than Europe is our current expectation.
Doug Arthur – Evercore: Am I right to look at it this way that if the public markets, which are clearly softened here near term remain that way at least through some resolution of the debt ceiling that the bank loan market could continue to operate at a fairly strong level separate from that?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. I would agree with that on a longer term basis. Whether we will have, you know, the kind of bank loan activity in the second half of this year compared to the first half, I would have to say, no. We don't think we will. But, again it's a secular story I think more than a cyclical story. So, we believe that the amount of ratable debt is growing and the request for ratings on that debt is increasing.
Doug Arthur – Evercore: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Sloan Bohlen with Goldman Sachs
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Hi, good afternoon. Ray, just to stick on the topic for few seconds, that secular change you see in the bank loan market, do you think that’s more tied to capital requirements at banks versus what we are seeing here with regard to the debt ceiling whether it be whatever is going on with sovereign debt? Maybe explain what we could see in terms of the magnitude how broad that ratable debt market could grow?
Ray McDaniel: I think it is attached more to disintermediation and is being driven probably by both sides of the lending equation. In that banks in certain jurisdictions are making loans less available, but also the borrowers themselves are looking to have access to multiple sources of capital and so whether it's from the bank lines or whether it's from the bond markets, we are seeing growth in the speculative grade market through bonds and then because of the interest in expanding the investor base in the loan sector. I do think that is driven by capital requirements. I think it's also driven by again the borrowers interest in diversifying its access to capital.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Okay and would you tribute that to the strength that we saw in the corporate market in Europe, this past quarter?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. The corporate market, both the loan market and the bond market in Europe were strong in the last quarter.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Okay and then Linda just one question on capital allocation. With regard to thinking about buckets or available liquidity, when we think about buybacks, is there a metric we should think about how much capital you would like to keep in cash as dry powder for acquisitions versus how much you would like on a leverage basis. I know in the past we talked about your levels relative to your commercial paper borrowing, but how should we think about that going forward.
Linda Huber: I think you probably just wanted to be aware that of the $939 million of cash we have as we have said about 70% of that is offshore. So working with about $300 million here in the U.S. we would like to keep around the sufficient amount obviously to ensure appropriate liquidity and the rest we can use. We don’t have any specific bogie for acquisition and of course if the acquisition targets are oversees as with the case with CSI and from that we can use the offshore cash to purchase those acquisitions. So, we have plenty of cash and plenty of capability, but the main thing to think about really is to ensure that we have sufficient liquidity here in the U.S. and we are prudent about how we think about the rest. Really doesn’t have too much to do with the commercial paper situation. In fact we have no commercial paper outstanding right now.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And just to frame that $300 million, is that in terms of more than what you need that, two times more than what you need to trying to frame what the potential availability for share buy backs could be out of that $300 million.
Linda Huber: It's a couple of times more than what we need, but given the world today, we try to run this place pretty prudently. So, we are not going to spend down to our last dime.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Edward Atorino with Benchmark Company.
Edward Atorino – Benchmark Company: Hi, on the depreciation question guy. Depreciation jumped up in the quarter. Is that the new runway or is there stuff in there that goes away?
Linda Huber: Good observation, good observation, Ed. What that really is we are looking at the amortization there of the intangible for the CSI acquisition in Canada that we bought last year. So, that’s really the first piece of that. Then we have soft fair systems that we brought online and a couple more of those. So, that line has picked up a little bit. But, I think in terms of a run rate that sort of for the first half we are running about 40 machined, that is a good number for the back half of the year.
Edward Atorino – The Benchmark Company: Same question on interest expense up $5 million quarter-to-quarter. A lot of stuff in there, I know.
Linda Huber: Yes, a lot of that line also brings into effect FX. But our expense on borrowing has moved up. You can see it on one of the schedules attached to our statement. The expense on borrowing is 16.3 million versus 10.6 last year because we did put in place that $500 million bond deal that we did last year. So, that is the majority of that.
Edward Atorino – The Benchmark Company: So, you had some positives offsetting that.
Linda Huber: Yes. So, $15 million, $17 million number here is okay, but this number bounces around a lot, Ed, depending on how FX is going.
Edward Atorino – The Benchmark Company: I think it was Peter's questions on the base for the guidance, if one looked at the first half, it's about a $1.60 something that is the base for the year's guidance?
Linda Huber: Yes.
Edward Atorino – The Benchmark Company: Before the $0.03.
Ray McDaniel: $1.49, Ed.
Edward Atorino – The Benchmark Company: Without a computer I can't add.
Ray McDaniel: That is with the $0.03.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Clark with KBW.
Bill Clark – KBW: I just wanted to go back to the expenses for another minute. Linda, you mentioned the $327 million as kind of the baseline and $40 million by year-end. I'm wondering if there is any way to pinpoint how much may have been incrementally added in the second quarter or if we should look at it as a third, third, third for that $40 million.
Linda Huber: We don't like to go quarter by quarter particularly. The expense number for the first quarter was $327 million then we went to $335 million. I told you the number you are trying to get to which is $40 million to $50 million above the $327 million where we started. The reason for this is generally the additions in head count and compensation as we talked about in the script. We did not have particularly heavy additions in head count for the second quarter, but we are expecting that those will ramp up in the third and fourth quarter. So, this is a traditional pattern for us that the expenses ramp over the course of the year. But, you should probably make your own decisions as to how you want to run that ramp up, but I think we have described it pretty fully.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Ray McDaniel – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thank you everyone for joining the call today and we look forward to speaking to you again in October.
Operator: This concludes Moody’s second quarter earnings call. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 4 p.m. Eastern Time on Moody’s website. Thank you.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-27 11:30:00) =====
Executives:  Sally Swartz – VP Investor Relations Ray McDaniel – Chairman, CFO Linda Huber – Chief Financial Officer  Michelle Madelain – President, CFO, Moody’s Investors Service Mark Almeida – President, Moody’s Analytics
Analysts:  Michael Meltz – JP Morgan William Bird – Lazard Capital Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray Craig Huber – Access 342 Doug Arthur – Evercore Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs  
Operator: Good day and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation first quarter 2011 earnings conference call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the Company, we will open the conference up for question-and-answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Ms. Sally Swartz, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, madam. 
Sally Swartz: Thank you. Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's results for 2011. I am Sally Swartz, Vice President of Investor Relations. Moody's released its results for the first quarter of 2011 this morning. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com.  Ray McDaniel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Moody's Corporation will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody's Corporation. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the management's discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statement, set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel. 
Ray McDaniel: Thanks Sally. Good morning, and thank you everyone for joining today’s call.  I’ll begin our remarks by summarizing Moody's first quarter 2011 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. I will then speak to recent regulatory developments and finish with comments on our outlook for 2011. After our prepared remarks, we’ll be happy to respond to your questions. First quarter revenue of $577 million increased 21% over the prior year reflecting strong corporate debt issuance and increased structured finance ratings activity, supporting growth in Moody's investor service, and continued solid performance for Moody's Analytics. All reporting units of both MIS and MA grew in the first quarter of 2011 from the same prior year period. Operating income for the first quarter was $250 million, 27% above the prior year period. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.67 an increase of 43% year over year. We are raising our full-year 2011 EPS guidance to a range of $2.22 to $2.32 from the prior range of $2.12 to $2.22, based on strong first quarter performance. Our expectations for market conditions for the remainder of the year are generally unchanged from our February guidance. I will now turn the call over to Linda, to provide further commentary on our results and other updates.
Linda Huber: Thanks, Ray. I’ll begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned, Moody's total revenue for the quarter increased 21% to $577 million.  U.S. first quarter revenue increased 18% to $301 million, while revenue outside the U.S. grew 24% to $276 million, and represented 48% of Moody's total revenue. Recurring revenue of $294 million represented 51% of the total compared to 59% in the prior year period. Looking at each of our businesses, Moody's investor service revenue for the quarter was $413 million a 23% increase year over year. U.S. revenue was up 22% over the prior year period, while outside the U.S. revenue grew 25% and represented 44% of total ratings revenue. Global Corporate Financial revenue in the first quarter increased 44% from a year ago to $182 million. Revenue grew 52% in the U.S. while outside the U.S. revenue increased 31% year over year. Growth was driven by strong issuance activity particularly in the U.S. and European investment-grade and high-yield markets.  Global Structured finance revenue for the first quarter was $89 million, 25% above the prior year period. In the U.S., revenue increased 11% year over year with improved issuance in commercial real estate finance, partially offset by declines and asset-backed securities.  Non-U.S. structured finance revenue rose 39% primarily driven by demand for rating securitization placed with government-sponsored facilities in Europe, and increased covered bond issuance. Global Financial Institution revenue of $77 million increased 1% from the same quarter of 2010 primarily due to higher levels of insurance sector issuance abroad.  U.S. financial institution revenue declined 2% while non-U.S. revenue increased 3%.  Global revenue for public project and infrastructure finance business grew by 5% year over year to $64 million. Revenue declined 10% in the U.S. reflecting weakness in public and project finance issuance with the expiration of the Build America Bond Program and the municipal budgetary pressures. Non-U.S. revenue increased 35% primarily driven by growth in infrastructure finance. And turning now to Moody's Analytics, global revenue for Moody's Analytics of $164 million was up 17% from the first quarter of 2010. U.S. revenue grew by 9% year over year to $71 million. Non-U.S. revenue increased 23% to $93 million and represented 57% of total Analytics revenue.  Globally, revenue from research, data, and analytics of $110 million increased by 5% from the prior year period and represented about 67% of total MA revenue. We are seeing continued demand for products across our portfolio as conditions in the financial industry improve. Revenue from risk management software of $40 million grew 19% helped by the early completion of transactions that were expected to be realized later this year. Due to the variable nature of project timing and the concentration of revenue and a relatively small number of engagements, risk management software revenue remained subject to significant short-term volatility. Professional services revenue increased more than fourfold to $15 million reflecting the acquisition of CSI Global Education in November 2010, as well as much stronger results in the base business. Turning now to expenses, Moody's first quarter expenses were $327 million an increase of 17% compared to the first quarter of 2010. This increase was primarily due to increased headcount from the prior year period, higher accruals for incentive compensation reflecting the stronger 2011 full-year outlook and on-going technology spending. Moody's reported operating margin for the quarter was 43.3% compared to 41.3% in the first quarter of 2010. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 33.2% compared with 37.2% for the prior year period. The difference was primarily due to a higher portion of taxable income generated internationally and lower tax jurisdictions, and a reduction of U.S. state income taxes. Now I’ll provide an update on capital allocation and stock buybacks. Moody's increased its quarterly dividend on April 26, by 22% to $0.14 per share, up from $0.11.5 per share of common stock. During the first quarter of 2011, Moody's repurchased 4.3 million shares at a total cost of $128 million for an average price of less than $30 per share. Moody's also issued 1.4 million shares under the employees stock-based compensation plan. Outstanding shares as of March 31, 2011 total 227.8 million shares, representing a 4% decline from a year earlier. As of March 31, 2011, Moody's had 1.1 billion of share repurchase authority remaining under its current program.  At quarter end, Moody's had 1.2 billion of outstanding debt with $1 billion of additional debt capacity available under our revolving credit facility. Cash and cash equivalence was $720 million an increase of $223 million from the prior year period. Approximately 70% of our cash holdings are maintained outside the U.S.  We remain committed to using our strong cash flow to create value for shareholders while maintaining sufficient liquidity. We expect to continue to share repurchase at modest levels, subject to available cash flow, market conditions, and other on-going capital allocation decision. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to Ray. 
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I’ll continue with an update on legislative and regulatory developments. First, in the U.S. the principal regulatory activities for 2011 affecting Moody's Investor Service will be SEC rule making under the Dodd-Frank Act. The majority of rules are now expected to be proposed through July 2011 on matters that include reporting of internal controls, transparency of ratings performance and references to credit ratings and statutes, regulations and rules.  Adoption of the proposed set of rules is expected is during the second half of 2011. While new rules entail various changes in our rating agency processes and operations and require us to adapt our business, we will not alter our fundamental business objective to provide the highest quality, credit opinions, research and analysis.  Turning to Europe, the transfer of oversight of credit rating agencies from National regulators to newly-established European securities and market authority, or ESMA ,is schedule to be effective July 2011.  We have submitted an application for registration of our EU-based entities and for authorization to endorse our non-European credit ratings so that they qualify for regulatory use by EU regulated entities. We believe that this positioning will support the efficient flow of capital across national borders and best meet the current needs of all users of credit ratings. Moody's registration process is expected to be concluded in the second quarter of 2011.  The [inaudible] and commission is also scheduled to propose new rules for the rating agency industry in the third quarter of 2011, regarding matters that include competition, business models, liability, and the use of ratings and regulations. As regulatory reviews and activity occur in other jurisdictions, we will continue advocate for globally-consistent approaches that align with the G20 statements and directives. I’ll conclude this mornings prepared remarks by discussing our full-year guidance. Moody’s outlook for 2011 is based on assumptions about many macro-economic and capital market factors, including interest rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, merger and acquisition activity, consumer borrowing and securitization, and the eventual withdrawal of government sponsored economic stabilization initiatives. There’s an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions and if actual conditions differ Moody’s results for the year may differ materially from our current forecast.  As mentioned earlier, we’re revising our EPS guidance upward for the full-year 2011 to a range of $2.22 to $2.32 reflecting strong first quarter performance. Our expectations for market conditions for the remainder of the year are generally unchanged from our February guidance.  Our full-year outlook assumes foreign currency translation at end-of-quarter exchange rates. Our revenue expectations for certain areas of change based on conditions specific to those businesses and geographies. My comments highlight only those components that have been revised, and we refer you to our earnings release for a full review of our 2011 guidance. For Moody's corporation, we now expect full-year 2011 revenue to grow in the low double-digit percent range. We do not expect early strength to continue at levels above our February guidance.  Full-year expenses are now projected to increase in the high-single digit percent range.  At Moody's Investor Service, we now expect global revenue growth in the low double-digit percent range. In the U.S. we now expect MIS revenue to increase in the mid-to-high single digit percent range, while non-U.S. revenue is expected to grow in the mid-to-high teens percent range. Corporate finance revenue is now projected to increase in the high-teens percent range, with on-going activity driven by refinancing, mergers and acquisitions, and other capital needs.  Structured finance revenue is now expected to grow in the mid-single digit percent range, while revenue from financial institutions is now expected to increase in the high-single digit percent range. Public project and infrastructure finance revenue is now projected to grow in the mid-single digit percent range.  For Moody's Analytics, our guidance remains unchanged given the variable nature of project timing and the concentration of revenue and a relatively small number of engagements within the risk management software revenue line. That concludes our prepared remarks. And joining us for the question and answer session are Michele Madelain, the President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody’s Investor Service, and Mark Almeida, President of Moody’s Analytics.  We’d be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions). We’ll take our first question from Michael Meltz with JP Morgan. 
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: I have three questions for you. Ray, the pickup in structure in Q1, your guidance would imply a pretty big deceleration in terms of growth in, I think, absolute dollars throughout the year. Can you just talk about what was special in Q1 and why that would decelerate?  And then secondly, on costs, Linda, the guidance, I think – back in February you talked about cost on an absolutely dollar basis ramping, kind of lifting each quarter throughout the year. Is that still expected, a kind of smooth step up in expenses? 
Linda Huber:  Yes, Michael, if you want to take that one first. Expenses for the first quarter were $320 million and we’re expecting 40-million-ish perhaps on top of that over the course of the year by the time you get to the fourth quarter. So yes, it would ramp in an upward slopping way between now and the end of the fourth quarter. 
Ray McDaniel:  And with respect to the first quarter structured finance performance, Michael, you’re correct, we do expect the first quarter is going to show higher revenue than we would see for the quarters going forward the rest of the year. And the improvement in the first quarter was primarily driven by the demand for ratings on securitization in Europe that were being placed with government sponsored facilities. And so the ratings that were mandated as a result of that applied to ratings that were already outstanding in the market in part and that contributed to the growth in the area.  That has largely been run through the system at this point, so we would expect to revert more to a run rate like we had seen in recent quarters. 
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: Okay. And then the last one, and I’ll take Appert’s question here. Your performance is considerably better than S&P’s this quarter and it’s true in the U.S. as well as internationally. Even though you didn’t give the transaction number, I assume on the transaction side, within ratings. What are you attributing that to, or do you have a thought as to why the gap has widened somewhat? 
Linda Huber:  Michael, let me take a shot at it. We noticed that the 10-Q from [inaudible] is out this morning Obviously, we haven’t had a chance to study it, but we have a couple of thoughts on this.  For our first quarter revenue growth for MIS, which was up $77 million, most of that, the lion’s share of that is certainly coming from corporate finance and then the rest from structured. And we can go through that in a little bit.  The main drivers of the difference over S&P as we see it is we benefit from the fact that the ECB is looking for second ratings and as Ray has spoken about, before that increased our structured finance business.  We’d also note that the two companies have different approaches to transaction and recurring revenue. As you know, we’re more tilted toward transaction revenue and that benefits us during a high-volume high-issuance market.  Thirdly, our pricing and mix changes were amplified by strong issuance, so strong activity in bank loans, high yields and other places that are particularly helpful to us. And we are seeing a continued flow of new rating requests; people looking for ratings for counter-party activities and to provide a safeguard if they’re unable to borrow at attractive rates from their local banks.  So really, a bunch of different reasons and I’ll let Ray comment further on that. 
Ray McDaniel:  Yeah, I just would underscore Linda’s comment that these are somewhat speculative on our part as we don’t know exactly what all of the drivers are between ourselves and our competition. 
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: Okay, thank you for your time. 
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from William Bird with Lazard Capital. 
William Bird – Lazard Capital : Yes, just a follow-on to Michael’s question. You know, in particular your growth outside the U.S. was really substantially higher than S&P, about triple the growth rate. So you mentioned the ECB second rating as one of those factors. Are there other factors that you think are durable that’s driving that difference? 
Ray McDaniel:  Yeah, we had good growth in speculative-grade ratings in Europe. I’ve mentioned in some recent quarters that while the speculative-grade market in Europe historically has not been material, it has been growing rapidly and is becoming a much more important component. That may be a source of gain.  We also had strength in international project and infrastructure finance, which is a source of gain.  And on the Moody’s Analytics side of the business, we actually have a majority of our business outside the U.S. and that not only benefited from good growth in the base business, but we also had the CSI acquisition, which contributed to international revenue. 
William Bird – Lazard Capital : And Ray, could you talk a little bit about the ratings pipeline and just kind of what you’re seeing right now in business? 
Ray McDaniel:  Sure. It’s, as we said, a very high level. We still see generally favorable conditions in the capital markets and we expect those are going to – those conditions are going to continue through the year. I think the pipeline reflects that across our businesses. We certainly believe that we have seen pull forward in the corporate sector, both investment grade and high yield into the first quarter of the year. And that pull forward may have a dampening effect on issuance later in the year. On the other hand, we are seeing increased debt financed merger and acquisition activity and a broader set of reasons from issuers for issuing debt including share repurchase business expansion activities.  So the mix of corporate issuance is becoming more diverse and we feel that’s a positive and an offset to the pull forward that we saw in the first quarter.  On the structure and finance side, I would characterize the pipeline as being not bad. As I said, we don’t think we’re going to have the first quarter revenue run rate through the rest of the year, but we certainly have a reasonable pipeline of business over on that side. 
William Bird – Lazard Capital : And Linda, I was wondering if I could just get the incentive comp accrual for the quarter? 
Linda Huber: Sure. Our incentive compensation accrual for the first quarter was $29.4 million, Bill. That included about $7.5 million of incentive compensation as a result of our raising our outlook for 2011, taking up our guidance. We’ve done a little bit better than we had expected. 
William Bird – Lazard Capital : And what percent of employee cost does that represent? 
Linda Huber:  That’s about 13% of compensation costs.
William Bird – Lazard Capital : Great. Thank you. 
Operator:  We’ll take our next question from Peter Appert with Piper Jaffary. 
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffary: So Ray, your comment on structured financing being not bad, it seems like maybe this is overly nuanced but it seems like it should change from what you’ve been saying in recent quarters and maybe suggesting that beyond the strength you saw in the first quarter from the stuff in Europe, you are seeing some changes in the market. Is that fair and can you expand on that? 
Ray McDaniel:  Well, I guess, Peter, it may be as much my expectations leveling out as anything else. It’s variable. We had good growth in Europe in the first quarter and as we’ve talked about, a lot of this had to do with securitization going to government sponsored enterprises. But we also had growth in the covered bond area for example, and we think that is a more enduring source of growth. The commercial real estate finance area in the first quarter was good, both in the U.S. and internationally. CLOs, we have – are optimistic about the long-term prospects for CLOs, but whether some of these asset categories are going to show good growth in 2011, at this point probably relates not only to regulatory changes that have been put in place, but also just the economics in terms of where spreads are and whether it’s the right time for – for example, CLOs and certain forms of real estate securitization to come to market.  So economic conditions are going to dictate the timing even though we are optimistic in the longer run about some of these asset classes. 
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffary: Got it. So on that front, right, given the expectations that rates presumably are going up, spreads are going to widen, can you talk about how that might impact the business then over the next several quarters in the context of rising rates? 
Ray McDaniel:  Yeah, I mean, we are – I think our central case if that we do not expect rates to increase significantly in the coming quarters. And in particular because of what we’re seeing in terms of corporate performance we would expect some modest spread narrowing to continue so that absolute rates probably will not change dramatically. So again, in terms of the conditions for 2011, we don’t expect big changes driven by rates.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffary: But I guess the question, Ray, was if – when rates start to rise, is that a catalyst for issuance activity or is that a constraint on issuance activity? 
Ray McDaniel:  It should be a catalyst for issuance activity in certain areas of structured finance. 
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffary: Great. And then last thing. On the margin front, so you’re up 200-plus basis points here in the first quarter, which is obviously the high end of the range you’ve talked about for the full year. I’m just wondering, maybe Linda, if you’re feeling a little bit more optimistic on the prospects for margin leverage both near term and over the next couple of years? 
Linda Huber:  Peter, let me start by doing something different and correcting something that was written this morning. We had a – we’re looking at a piece written by Sloan Bohlen that indicated that we expect our full-year margins to be 46%. That is not true. We are guiding margins 38 to 40%.  The reason, Peter, why we’re at those levels, we view first quarter as potentially being the strongest margin quarter in the year. There’re two things going on. We’re expecting the revenue view this year potentially to be perhaps U-shaped; a little bit different than what we’ve seen in previous years. And as I mentioned before, we see expenses ramping up over the course of the year.  So with all that considered, we’re at 38 to 40%. You know, we would hope that would come in at the high end, but we’ll have to see how it goes. So those two things together keep us moderated in our thoughts of what the margin outlook is for the year. 
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffary: Great. And one last thing, Linda. So you’re saying the release – modest share repurchase levels, so is the first quarter modest and give me the definition of modest, please. 
Linda Huber:  Peter, last year we did, I think, in 2010 we did 224 million. I think that’s sort of how we define modest. We saw a good opportunity in the first quarter to repurchase 4.3 million shares of stock at 29.94 so we’re feeling pretty good about that. We’ll have to see how conditions look and what’s going on in the marketplace.  So we have some room to go and we may add a little bit to that, but I think modest is about what we did last year. 
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffary: Got it. Thank you. 
Operator:  And we’ll take our next question from Craig Huber with Access 342. 
Craig Huber – Access 342: Good morning. Linda, can you break down for us, like I’d like to ask you a percent breakdown between transaction/non-transaction across the four broad categories. That’s my first question.
Linda Huber: Sure. Starting with structure for first quarter 2011, transactions were 54% of fees where relationship was 46%. Now, interestedly, that’s an absolute reverse of what we saw in the fourth quarter of 2010 where it was backwards; transactions were 46 and relationship 54. So as Ray commented you’re seeing the pickup in activity and structure finance.  Looking at corporate, 76% transaction, 24% relationship. Financial Institutions 43% transaction, 57% relationship; and Public Project and Infrastructure 55% transaction, 45% relationship. Total for the rating agency is 62% transaction, and 38% relationship. And Moody's Analytics’ is 17% transaction, 83% relationship.
Ray McDaniel: And Craig, this is Ray. I would just add, although – you can do the math. Although the relationship percentage is down compared to transaction, the absolute dollars of relationship revenue are up year on year, both for Moody's investor service and Moody's Analytics.   
Craig Huber – Access 342:  And then can you also, Linda, break down if you would, the segments underneath that. The percentage of ABS or MIS, the percentage breakdown for structured corporate, etc.
Linda Huber: Yeah, sure. Let me frame this question, Craig. I want to make sure everyone understands. We’ve got about $77 million of increase in revenue in MIS for the first quarter of ’11 versus ’10. About – well 55.4 million of that is coming from the corporates area, 17.9 is coming from the structured area. So, as I said before the lion’s share is from corporate and the next piece is from structured. FIG and PPIF are relatively flat. But let me go through the flips that you’re looking for, Craig.  So, for the first quarter of 2011, investment grade was 36.5 million or 20% of corporate. Now, that’s very strongly up, that’s up 11.6 million from this time last year. High yield, $44.7 million, that’s 25%, that’s also up $11.1 million or 33% from last year. Bank loans $34.6 million or 19% of corporate revenue, up 90% from last year’s 16.4 million.  So you can see all three of those areas are up pretty dramatically. Other is at $66 million and that’s 36% of those fees and that’s up $16.3 million or 33% as well. So as you can see, all the corporate lines have shown very good growth, really driving the biggest part of MIS revenue increases.  So let’s look at structured and start with ABS. Looking at $26.7 million for ABS, 30% of those revenues, that’s up 3.6 million, R&BF at 23.1 million, 26% of structured revenues, that’s up from 14.3 million last year to 62% increase. So that’s helpful. We understand about 45% of that is from covered bonds. Commercial real estate, $19 million up from 12.3 last year, a 54% increase and derivatives at $20.6 million, that’s actually off a little bit from last year, 23% of structured finance revenues, which total 89.4. Do you want me to keep going Craig?
Craig Huber – Access 342:  Yeah, could you just do the other two real quick if you would please.
Linda Huber: Sure, okay. So FIG is flattish from this time last year, $76.9 million, banking is 53.5, insurance 19.9, managed investment is 3.6.  So all of them are looking relatively like they did last year. And again, we had an increase of only $700,000 here in the financial institution’s group line.  Turning to PPIF, PFG in soverance about $30 million, that’s 46%, Muni’s 4.5 and both of those lines were down a little bit from this point last year. Project and infrastructure $30 million that was up about 20% from last year. And for total, $64.5 million for PPIF, last year at this time it was 61.4. So you see FIG and public project infrastructure are basically flattish and corporate into a lesser extend structure are really driving the changes in MIS revenue.
Craig Huber – Access 342:  Thanks, Linda. And also, how did your transaction revenues do over at Asia versus your overall transaction worldwide?
Ray McDaniel:
 : Actually Craig, I don’t have that off the top of my head, but I would say that on the Moody's Analytics side, we get a strong amount of transaction revenue coming out of Asia associated with our professional services business. And, Mark, I don’t know if you have anything you can add to that. 
Mark Almeida: Only that you’re right, and I don’t have the specifics at my fingertips.
Craig Huber – Access 342: And lastly, can you just update us on where your major law cases are at right now?
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, we’ve had a couple of developments in the first quarter. First of all, the litigation on auction rate, securities known as the [inaudible] litigation. The claim against Moody's was dismissed. And then we also had a shareholders class-action or reported class action in which the class certification was denied.  So those are the principal development in the first quarter. Looking forward, we have a – we had a hearing on the Calper’s case in which following the fourth quarter hearing last year in which speech – ratings were recognized as speech. There was a second hearing in which the judge denied the plaintiff discovery. And that will be followed by a hearing in August to – for the plaintiff to make its case. We don’t whether that August hearing will result in a ruling in August from the court or not. So the next date we’re looking for is August but we don’t know what the consequences of that hearing will be, or the timing that comes from that.  Then finally, the Abadie litigation is in discovery. We expect it’s going to continue into discovery through the summer and perhaps in to the fall. So the timing on that case remains I would say, quite uncertain. 
Craig Huber – Access 342:  This is just a follow-up on that. What’s the total number of cases that have been dismissed and withdrawn?
Ray McDaniel: It’s in – I don’t have the exact number for you, but it’s the low 20s. All most two dozen.
Craig Huber – Access 342:  Okay, great. Thank you.
Ray McDaniel: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Doug Arthur, with Evercore.
Doug Arthur - Evercore: Yeah, great. Linda, do you have specifics on headcount by U.S. international in the quarter?
Linda Huber: Yes, I do, Doug. Last year fourth quarter we had a total of 4,461 employees, 2,333 U.S., 2,128 international. We finished the first quarter with net addition of only 53 heads and that’s a 1% increase in headcount. So we talked before about last year’s – 2010s 9% headcount increase. We had said 4 to 5% headcount increase total for 2011, so as you can see, we’ve lightened up on that. Total MCO headcount at the end of the first quarter was 4,514, 2,350 basically in the U.S. and 2,170 internationally basically. Pretty close to even.
Doug Arthur - Evercore:  Great. And then just on the public project and infrastructure area, while it was flattish, I mean, given what was going on in the U.S. municipal market, which I guess you were down 10% there. That’s pretty impressive. And then this big surge in international infrastructure, is that sustainable?
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, and you hit on it. The public finance, the U.S. Public Finance business was down in the first quarter, not surprisingly, but we did have good growth in the project and infrastructure line. And that was international. So that offset and actually did a little better than offset the decline in the U.S. public finance business. We do think that international infrastructure project finance is going to be na area of strength, going forward. It is about the same size as the U.S. municipal business in the first quarter in terms of our revenues. And we do think that the global infrastructure needs are going to be in place for a number of years.
Doug Arthur - Evercore:  Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Bill Clark with KBW.
Bill Clark - KBW: I think you touched on the domestic regulatory front as far as implications for Dodd-Frank and SSC rules that are being written and discussed right now. You touched on one of them that as far as the requirements and for ratings in bank capital rules, and I wondered if you could just expand on that a little bit more. If you heard any recent information as far as what direction that might be going?
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, sure. I think the dialog that’s going on is trying to respond to the mandate under Dodd-Frank to reduce the reliance on ratings and regulation, and the requirement that government regulators and enterprises review their use of ratings and regulations with an eye to finding alternatives. As you probably know, we support that. We think that we have a healthy industry and a healthy business without the extent of use of ratings and regulations that currently exist. However, there also seems to be a real struggle to find an alternative. So we don’t know how, whether it’s a banking system regulators or SCC or others, are ultimately going to resolve that. But Moody's position is that whether ratings are ultimately used or some alternative is used, the systemic consequences from using any third-party measure of credit risk depends on how those measures are used as opposed to just what measure is chosen. So we are weighing in on this debate more on that side rather than the actual use of ratings and regulations.
Bill Clark - KBW:  All right, great. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And as a reminder, if you like to ask a question you may press star 1 at this time. And we’ll take our next question from Sloan Bohlen, with Goldman Sachs.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Hey, good afternoon, guys, and Linda, I apologize on that, the typo, and I know we’ll get that fixed. I really just have the one question on free cash flow expectations and wondering if you’d give an update on CapEx spend for the year. And then just what’s your thought is with regard to share repurchase versus now we’ve had two consecutive quarters of that dividends increase.
Linda Huber: Sure, we take a look at our dividend every quarter and we traditionally increased our dividend in line with earnings. So that’s, that’s really what we were doing there. We’re balancing the dividend increases and the share repurchases activity. And I think I answered a question earlier for, Peter, that we would continue to see that share repurchase being modest for this year. In terms of cash flow expectations for the year, I don’t think we’ll go there specifically. Our [inaudible] is not filed yet. In terms of the levels of cash that we have, $720 million were up $60 million from the end of fourth quarter. And I would note, that cash flow has been strengthening as issuance activity has been stronger. So we feel good about our cash flow, the increase in the dividend cost us about $23 million a year, which is something we can handle quite easily. So we’ll continue to look at these things to make sure we keep them in balance, but we’re serious about the return in capital to shareholders.  
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just any change to the expectations for CapEx spend in the year?
Linda Huber: I’m sorry. We had said before 75 million and we’re sticking to that.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just one bookkeeping item. So the strength in the quarter in Moody's Analytics, you sited the CSI global acquisition. Is that – should we consider that a good run-rate going forward, or was there a bigger pop in the first quarter that you may be stepped down?
Ray McDaniel: Mark, you want to?
Mark Almeida: Yeah, that’s a pretty good run-rate for the business. It’s important to note that even without the CSI acquisition, the legacy professional service business was up more than double in the quarter. So we saw a lot of strength in the base business. And then we also got the incremental revenue from CSI, and we’ll continue to see increments on that order for the balance of the year.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks.
Operator: And it appears we have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference over to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Ray McDaniel: Okay, thank you. Just before we end the call, I wanted to let everyone know that Moody's will be hosting investor day this year. Based on feedback, we’re going to make this by-annual event and in [inaudible], we will be attending a number of conferences in the May/June time frame. Our next investor day will be held in mid-2012. I just want to thank you all for joining the call today, and we look forward to speaking with you again in July. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes Moody's first quarter earnings call. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, on Moody's website. Thank you.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-03 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Liz Zale - Vice President Investor Relations Linda Huber - Chief Financial Officer  Ray McDaniel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray Michael Meltz - JP Morgan William Bird- Lazard Capital Craig Huber – Access 342 Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs  Bill Clark – KBW Edward Atorino – The Benchmark Company Doug Arthur – Evercore
Operator: Good day and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation fourth quarter and fiscal year-end 2010 earnings conference call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the Company we will open the conference up for question-and-answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Liz Zale, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead, madam.
Liz Zale: Thank you. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's results for 2010. I am Liz Zale, Vice President of Investor Relations. Moody's released its results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2010 this morning. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moody's.com. Ray McDaniel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Moody's Corporation will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody's Corporation. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the management's discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website.  These, together with the Safe Harbor statement set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks Liz. Good morning and thank you everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin our remarks by summarizing Moody's fourth quarter and full year 2010 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights and I'll then speak to recent regulatory developments and finish with comments on our outlook for 2011. After our prepared remarks we will be happy to respond to your questions.  Fourth quarter revenue of $564 million increased 16% over the prior year reflecting strong performance in credit ratings and growth in all areas of Moody’s Analytics. We saw a continuation of positive third quarter issuance trends for corporate investment grade and high yield obligations, as well as accelerated completion of projects for customers of our risk management software and professional services units. Operating income for the fourth quarter was $197 million, an increase of 10% year-over-year. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter of $0.58 included a tax benefit of $0.08 due to utilization of foreign tax credits and lower state taxes. For full year 2010, revenue totaled $2.03 billion, a 13% increase from full year 2009. Operating income of $773 million increased 12% from a year ago. Revenue of Moody’s Investor Service was $1.4 billion, an increase of 15% from the prior year period. Moody’s Analytics revenue was $627 million increased 8% year-over-year. Diluted earnings per share of $2.15 for 2010 increased 27% and included a legacy tax benefit of $0.02 in the second quarter, and other tax benefits of $0.15 in the second half of the year associated with the indefinite reinvestment of certain foreign earnings discussed in the third quarter call, and fourth quarter benefits from foreign tax credits and lower state taxes. Excluding these tax items, full year 2010 diluted earnings per share would have been a $1.98 or 16% above the $1.70 for 2009, which includes legacy tax and restructuring related items. I’m now turning the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our results and other updates.
Linda Huber: Thanks, Ray. I’ll begin with revenue for the fourth quarter. As Ray mentioned, Moody’s total revenue for the quarter was up 16% year-over-year. U.S. fourth quarter revenue increased 20% to $295 million while revenue outside the U.S. grew 12% to $269 million and represented 48% of Moody’s total revenue. Recurring revenue of $294 million represented 52% of the total compared to 60% in the prior year period. Looking at each of our businesses, Moody’s Investor Service revenue for the quarter was $383 million, a 15% increase year-over-year. U.S. revenue was up 25% over the prior year period. Outside the U.S., revenue grew 4% and represented 41% of total ratings revenue. Global Corporate Finance revenue in the fourth quarter increased 43% from a year ago to $165 million. Revenue grew 59% in the U.S. driven by growth from all asset classes, particularly high yield bank loan and bond origination for refinancing, pre-financing and merger and acquisition activity. Outside the U.S, revenue increased 20% from the prior year period with strong bond issuance in Europe and Asia. Global Structured Finance revenue for the fourth quarter was $76 million, 3% below the prior year period.  In the U.S. revenue declined 2% year-over-year with lower consumer asset backed activity partially offset by improved issuance in commercial real estate finance. Non-U.S. structured finance revenue was down 4% with reduced European derivative issuance. The decline was partially offset by higher European securitization activity. Global financial institutions revenue of $66 million decreased 9% from the fourth quarter of 2009, primarily due to lower levels of banking sector issuance in the U.S and abroad. U.S. financial institutions revenue declined 10% while outside of the U.S. revenue was down 8%. Global revenue for the Public Project And Infrastructure Finance business grew by 15% year-over-year to $76 million. Revenue increased 20% in the U.S. reflecting gains in those sectors. Non-U.S. revenue increased 6% mostly driven by growth in Asia. Now turning to Moody’s Analytics, global revenue for Moody’s Analytics of $182 million was up 18% from the fourth quarter of 2009. U.S. revenue grew by 7% year-over-year to $71 million. And non-U.S. revenue increased by 26% to $111 million and represented 61% of total analytics revenue. Growth was primarily led by the delivery of risk management software projects and professional services engagement. Globally revenue from research data and analytics of $109 million increased by 3% from the prior year period and represented about 60% of total MA revenue. We are seeing good demand for products across our portfolio together with lower rates of customer attrition as conditions continue to improve in the financial industry.  Revenue from risk management software of $58 million grew 37% with the delivery of several large projects ahead of schedule. Due to the variable nature of project timing and concentration of revenue in a relatively small number of engagements, risk management software revenue remains subject to significant short term volatility. Professional services revenue of $14.5 million more than doubled from the prior year period, including revenue from the acquisition of CSI Global Education late in the fourth quarter. Turning now to expenses Moody’s fourth quarter expenses were $368 million, an increase of 20% compared to the fourth quarter of 2009. This increase was primarily due to greater headcount and higher accruals for incentive compensation plus an allocation to our global profit sharing program. Moody’s reported operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2010, which was 34.8%, compared to 36.8% in the fourth quarter of 2009. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 19.5% compared to 38.3% from the prior year period. The difference was primarily due to utilization of foreign tax credits, lower state taxes, and a larger portion of taxable income generated outside the US, which is taxed at a lower rate than the US statutory rate. For the full year 2010, the effective tax rate was 28.1% compared to 37.0% a year ago, primarily due to the items discussed previously.  Now I’ll provide an update on capital allocation and stock buy backs. Moody’s increased its quarterly dividend on December 14th by 9.5% to 11.5% per share of common stock. During the fourth quarter of 2010, Moody’s repurchased 3.9 million shares at a total cost of $104 million for an average price of approximately $27 per share. Moody’s also issued 0.4 million share under the employees stock based compensation plans. Outstanding shares as of December 31st 2010 totaled 230.8 million representing a 3% decline from the year earlier. As of December 10th, 2010, Moody’s had $1.2 billion of share repurchase authority remaining under its current program. Moody’s had $1.2 billion of outstanding debt at year end, with $1 billion of additional debt capacity available under its revolving credit facility.  Cash and cash equivalents were $660 million and increased $186 million from the prior year period. Approximately, 2/3rds of our cash holdings are maintained outside the US to enable us to fund operations and to support investments across our lines of business. For example, the acquisition of CSI Global Education announced on November 22nd was a recent use of overseas cash. Capital expenditures for the year 2010 was $79 million and reflected the final phase of building out our London headquarters at Canary Wharf as well as the ongoing investments in technology and infrastructure for business and compliance requirements. For 2011, we expect CapEx to be in the range of 70 to $80 million, which includes continued investment in technology to support businesses. We remain committed to using our strong cash growth to create value for shareholders while maintaining sufficient liquidity. We expect to continue repurchase shares at modest levels, subject to available cash flow, market conditions, and other ongoing capital allocation decisions. And with that I’ll turn it back over to Ray.  
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I will continue with an update on legislative and regulatory developments. In the US, the principal regulatory activities for 2011 affecting Moody’s investors service will be SEC rule making under the Dodd-Frank Act. The majority of rules is still expected to be proposed and finalized in the first and second quarters of 2011 on matters that include reporting of internal controls, transparency of rating performance and references to credit ratings and statutes, regulations and rules. Adoption of the proposed set of rules is planned for April through July 2011. Turning to Europe, the transfer of oversight of credit rating agencies from national regulators to the newly established European Securities and Markets Authority or ESMA is scheduled to be effective in July.  We’ve submitted an application for the registration of our EU-based entities and for authorization to endorse the majority of our non-European credit ratings so that they qualify for use under European regulation. We believe that this positioning will support the efficient flow of capital across national borders and best meet the current needs of all users of credit ratings. As regulatory reviews and activity occur in other jurisdictions, we will continue to advocate for globally consistent approaches, that align with the G20 statements and directives. Although Moody’s Investor Service has already made significant progress, we must adapt our business in response to these changing requirements around the world.  While new rules will spur various changes in our rating agency processes and operations, they will not alter our fundamental business objective to drive the highest quality credit opinions, research and analysis. Before concluding today’s remarks by reviewing our 2011 outlook, I’ll briefly comment on our acquisition of CSI Global Education during the fourth quarter. CSI is Canada’s leading provider of financial learning, credentials and certification and is making important progress in extending its presence to other markets worldwide. This acquisition is consistent with our ongoing commitment to advance the understanding of the risk management practices, and represents another means for Moody’s to further financial literary and promote efficiency in financial markets. We’re pleased to welcome our new colleagues in Canada to Moody’s. Moody’s outlook for 2011 is based on assumptions about many macro-economic and capital market factors, including interest rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, merger and acquisition activity, consumer borrowing and securitization, and the eventual withdrawal of government sponsored economic stabilization initiatives. There is an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions and if actual conditions differ Moody’s results for the year may differ materially from our current forecast. Our full year outlook assumes foreign currency translation at exchange rates as of the end of quarter rates. We anticipate market conditions to remain generally favorable in 2011 and so project stronger revenue and some margin expansion compared to 2010. For Moody’s Corporation, we expect full year 2011 revenue to grow in the high-single-digit percent range and expenses to increase in the mid to high-single-digit percent range. We expect expenses to gradually increase throughout the year. For the first half of 2011, expenses will reflect the annualized impact to 2010 hiring. Expenses in the second half forecast will also reflect incremental hiring but won’t feature the higher accruals for incentive compensation that we saw in 2010 unless we exceed our operating income or earnings expectations. Given these assumptions, we project the full year 2011 operating margin to be between 38 and 40%. The effective tax rate is projected to be approximately 36%. We expect diluted earnings per share for the full year 2011 to be in the range of $2.12 to $2.22. As mentioned earlier, after excluding the legacy tax benefit of $0.02 from the second quarter and $0.15 from the indefinite reinvestment of certain foreign earnings and other tax benefits from the second half of the year, full year 2010 diluted EPS would have been $1.98. At Moody’s Investors Service we now expect global revenue growth in the mid- to-high-single-digit percent range. In the U.S., we expect MIS revenue to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range while non-U.S. revenue is expected to grow in the low double digits percent range. Corporate finance revenue is projected to increase in the high-single-to-low-double-digit percent range with ongoing activity driven by refinancing and other capital needs. Structured finance revenue is expected to remain about flat while revenue from financial institutions is expected to grow in the mid-single-digit percent range. Public Project And Infrastructure Finance revenue is projected to increase in the low double-digit percent range. In Moody’s Analytics, we project full year 2011 growth in the high single to low double-digit percent range. We expect revenue growth in the mid-single-digit percent range for research data and analytics and in the low to mid-single-digit percent range for risk management software, following the accelerated pace of deliveries in the fourth quarter of 2010. Professional services revenue is projected to more than double primarily reflecting revenue from the acquisition of CSI Global Education. We expect Moody's Analytics revenue to increase in the high single digit percent range in the U.S. and in the low double-digit percent range outside the U.S. That concludes our prepared remarks. And joining us for the question and answer session are Michel Madelain, the President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody’s Investor Service, and Mark Almeida, President of Moody’s Analytics. We’ll be pleased to take any questions that you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we’ll go ahead and take our first question from Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Thanks. So, Linda, the expense guidance growth mid-high-single digits, can you help me understand what will drive variability in the number, what gets you to the high end of the range?
Linda Huber: Sure Peter. Let me just try to do some general level setting here. As we said, we’re looking at mid to high single-digit expense growth. The real change here is that we hired pretty dramatically in 2010 at about 9% headcount growth, we’re expecting to take that down to half that rate in 2011, so 4% to 5% headcount growth, so that’s one area to look at. The difference in expenses in ‘11 over ‘10 which should be about $90 million, let me break down the change for you. About $30 million of that is increased expenses that we are looking at for the CSI acquisition, so that would be a third of it, $30 million. Another 30 million would be increased compensation expense, which includes both the 4 to 5% headcount increase I mentioned for 2011 and the annualization of the people we hired in 2010. The last piece there, the last $30 million or so is expense related to IT infrastructure compliance sort of initiative, so sort of 30, 30, 30, 2011 over 2010. Does that help you out?
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: That’s very helpful. And it would seem to suggest then that there is a fair degree of leverage in margins than in 2011 in the context of seeing some reasonably healthy revenue growth?
Linda Huber: So, we were at 38% for this year and we would hope that’s right, Peter. And we are optimistic. As you see we’ve got revenue growth exceeding expense growth which should help and we’ll see if we get continued good tailwinds in issuance, but we are optimistic on margin expansion for 2011.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray :  Great, thank you. And then Ray, on the Dodd-Frank adoption, are there any particular areas of implementation or focus that we should be paying attention to?
Ray McDaniel :  I think actually some of the more headline items have already been taken on Regulation FD and at least the indefinite resolution of 436(g). I would continue to pay attention though to what is described as 17g-5 which is the disclosure of information in the structured finance market and its application to U.S and potentially to non-U.S issuers of structured finance. Final resolution on 17g-5 for global securitization issuers would probably be I think the most significant thing that as an external party you would want to pay attention to.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray : Anything that would be impactful from a cost standpoint, impactful relative to current expectations for cost standpoint in terms of implementation?
Ray McDaniel : Yeah, I mean there are going to be on going implementation costs, we assume, consistent with rule making in both the U.S and in Europe, but we believe we have had built that into our existing expense budget. So, at least, according to what we currently expect, that would not cause an upward move in expenses.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray : Got it. And then last thing, could you define for me modest in the context of modest buyback? And then might I read modest buyback to imply more focus on acquisition activity? 
Linda Huber: Peter, this year our share repurchases totaled $223.6 million. I think we would be looking at a number of somewhere around there for 2011, and we continue to look for acquisitions that are appropriate and would hit our return hurdles primarily in the Moody’s Analytics area. You saw what we did this year. We would note that as we said previously of our cash which is about $600 million, 1/3 of that is held in US, 2/3rd held overseas, and we used our overseas cash to purchase CFI. So one of the governors is in fact how much cash we have in the US in terms of repurchase. 
Peter Appert, – Piper Jaffray: Alright, thank you. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Michael Meltz with JP Morgan.
Michael Meltz - JP Morgan: I think Peter asked all the good ones here. I just have one question for you. Just Ray, I know you do usually comment on the gradual progression of costs or maybe this is a Linda question, is there like you had some funky things in the fourth quarter, and so I still presume where you ended the year, I would think there’s a step down in Q1, can you talk about the absolute dollar level of expenses throughout the year please?  
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, the -- and Linda may want to comment on this as well, but similar to the guidance we gave last year, we do expect sequential increase in costs throughout the year. We don’t expect that that is going to be as large in its magnitude throughout the year as we had in 2010. So look for the same sequential pattern but unless again we have an upside surprise in earnings or operating income, we won’t have that catch up in incentive compensation and contribution to profit sharing in the second half of the year that we did this year, that we did in 2010.
Linda Huber: Michael, to put some more of context around this, let me go through the full year here in terms of what happened with the comp piece, and then in you want the quarter I will do that too. For 2010 obviously we had a strong year. As a result of that incentive compensation is about a $117 million, which is up 15% from last year. Our profit sharing number was about $12 million, and we did not have profit sharing in 2009 because we did not hit our 10% EPS target for that last year. Stock based comp remained about flat at 56; salaries and benefits about 620, which we had a few more people here which totals about $800 million, still about 64% of expenses. Now we picked up most of the incentive comp pick up in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. You will recall third quarter we had about $35 million put away for incentive comp. And then in the fourth quarter, because of surprisingly strong performance, we put away $42.8 million for incentive compensation. So that was the big change there in the fourth quarter. Now going into ’11, we’re looking at a 100% bonus target, but as Ray said in his prepared remarks, if we do better, incentive compensation would again be higher.
Michael Meltz - JP Morgan: Okay, thank you, Linda.
Operator:  And we’ll take our next question from William Bird with Lazard Capital.
William Bird - Lazard Capital: Yeah, Ray, I was wondering if you could just speak to the strength of the new issue pipeline and what you’re seeing? And also just in guidance you’ve talked about low double digit guidance for the whole public finance segment. We’re just wondering what you are assuming about the U.S. muni market and conditions. Thanks. 
Ray McDaniel: Sure. With respect to the issuance pipeline, certainly January was a strong month, particularly in the U.S. more so than in Europe, and so we do see strong issuance activity in corporate and financial institutions currently, consistent with low absolute rates and narrowing spreads. I also think though we are going to have similar to what we had in 2010 periods where issuance is more robust. And then it shuts down or declines in response to macro economic conditions or concerns, for example, in Europe about whether the sovereign debt issues have been resolved and if so in a favorable way. So I would not be surprised in 2011 to continue to see issuance be somewhat lumpy and it has started out on a strong foot. You didn’t exactly asked this Bill but it does give me an opportunity to talk a little bit about some of the longer term issuance that we might expect to see, and we have been able to release some research just in the last week looking at refinancing needs. We do this each year over the coming five year period and interestingly in the investment grade, U.S. investment grade corporate sector, the amount of debt to be refunded over the coming five years is slightly higher than it was at this time last year. And in the high yield sector, it is down, but not down by very much compared to the, or in context of the very robust issuance we saw in 2010. So it looks like investment grade maturities are going to peak probably in 2013 and high yield peaking in 2014. And as we talked about before, the high yield refinancing is more opportunistic and is more likely to follow windows of opportunity in the markets. 
William Bird - Lazard Capital: And I was just wondering if you could touch on public finance? 
Raymond McDaniel: Yeah, I am sorry. The growth that we expect to see in the public project and infrastructure finance area, we think is going to be driven more by international infrastructure and project finance in 2011 than it is by U.S municipal assurance. We had strong assurance in 2010, in part associated with the expiration of Build America Bond program. So, the driver for that line, we think in 2011 is going to be more international and more infrastructure.
William Bird - Lazard Capital: Great, thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Craig Huber with Access 342.
Craig Huber – Access 342: Hi, thank you very much. First thing, Ray, what is your expectation for price increases both on the transaction side and non-transaction for 2011 on a blended basis for each place?
Raymond McDaniel: I think we would expect to be able to get mid-single-digit price increases overall. As we said before, Craig, there are some areas where that’s not feasible and other areas where we think it’s more appropriate, but a mid-single-digit number overall for the year I think is fair. 
Craig Huber – Access 342: The non-transaction piece, that was expected to be lower in that?
Raymond McDaniel: I don’t have that broken out, but if we can get our hands on it before the end of the call, we will. 
Craig Huber – Access 342: Okay and then secondly, Linda, as I would like to ask you. Can you break down, if you would, the percentage from each of your four buckets, what comes from transaction, which is not transaction, restructured finance, corporate financial and PPIF please? 
Linda Huber:  Sorry, Craig. Do you want the full year 2010 or the fourth quarter? 
Craig Huber – Access 342: Just the fourth quarter, please.
Linda Huber: Quarter, okay. We’ll go through structured finance first, transaction revenues, transaction driven revenues 46% of the total, relationship 54%. The corporate finance 75% transaction, which obviously is very helpful to us, 25% relationship. Financial institutions, 34% transaction and 66% relationships; and PPIF 64% transaction and 36% relationship, so total for MIS is 60/40. From Moody's Analytics, that’s primarily a subscription business, so 23% transaction, 77% relationship. And for the company as a whole, Craig, for the fourth quarter, 48% transaction, 52% relationship. 
Craig Huber – Access 342: Okay. Then my follow on question, can you also break it down differently, the percentage breakdown for revenue like across structured finance, ABS, RMBS, CREF, derivatives and same for the three categories… 
Linda Huber: Let me find my structured finance page here and we’ll do that. Fourth quarter asset backed are 29% of revenues, RMBS 24% of revenue, real estate 20% of revenue and derivatives 26% of revenue, which totaled as I think Ray said $76 million for the fourth quarter.
Craig Huber – Access 342: And then can you do the same for corporate financial and PPIF?
Michel Madelain: Sure. Corporate investment grade 20%, high yield 26%, bank loans 18% and other, which as you know is medium term notes, shelved commercial paper and so on, it’s 35%, of total of $165 million of corporate finance revenues. And let me see if we can find FIG, for the fourth quarter total of FIG, $65.7 million, banking 68% of that, insurance 26%, and managed investments 6%. And PPIF, let me see what we’ve got here. For the fourth quarter, total $76 million, public finance and sovereigns, 51%, munis 7%, and project and infrastructure 42%.
Craig Huber – Access 342:  Okay. And then also as the small acquisition you guys did in Canada in professional services, is it fair to say was roughly maybe 4 to 5 million of revenues came from the fourth quarter, this 14.5? Is that reasonable and if it is, it would imply the underlying business in professional services nearly doubled from the 5.7 million year ago? Is that fair?
Michel Madelain: Let me ask Mark Almeida if he could comment on that for you, Craig.
Mark Almeida:  Craig, you are right in that, on a -- excluding CSI, the professional services business had a very good quarter. That business almost doubled during the quarter reflecting the fact that we made a number of investments throughout the year, because we saw a lot of opportunity in that business, and we saw a good chunk of revenue coming in in the fourth quarter. So, it was quite strong. You also have to keep in mind we’ve only owned CSI for about five or six weeks in the quarter. So, just not that much top line contribution.
Craig Huber – Access 342 : What do you expect for the underlying business? I know this is very small in your scheme of things here, but I mean it almost doubled year-over-year. I assume you’re not expecting the underlying business to double in 2011, right, putting aside the acquisition.
Mark Almeida: The underlying business is still going to perform very well in 2011 we expect. So, we’re -- we would expect that business to continue to grow at a very good clip. We’ve got to remember that the business was quite weak in 2009, and again we saw good opportunity emerging in that business, and we made investments to set ourselves up to be able to take advantage of that. And we continue to see a good bit of runway in the legacy professional services business.
Craig Huber – Access 342 : Lastly, maybe I missed this, but the increase in regulatory spend for 2011, what’s your latest thought on that? 
Linda Huber: I think Craig we were -- we were still comfortable with the 15 to 25 that we had talked about before. I’ve gone through the expense drivers for Peter and I’d kind of given a sort of a $30 million other bucket, so that’s in there. We are encouraged because we’re starting to see some deceleration in this rate of regulatory increase, I am not sure that we’ll see an absolute reduction, but again we’re starting to see some deceleration, which is also helpful as we talk about the margin line.
Craig Huber – Access 342 : Great, thank you. 
Linda Huber: Sure.  
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Sloan Bohlen with Goldman Sachs.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs : Hi, good morning. Most of them asked and answered just one question on the pricing, mid-single-digits rate, I was wondering maybe if you could add some color on what if any variability there might be in that, subject to any rule making that we get over the course of this spring. Would you respond with pricing if rule making comes in, a little bit more onerous than what you would expect? 
Ray McDaniel: I think that we are more comfortable with what the costs associated with regulatory compliance are going to be at this point than we have in the past. So I am not too concerned that we are going to have to review pricing midyear in response to regulatory or compliance changes. If something occurs that is very unexpected, I would certainly consider that, but I do not believe we are going to have to. 
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs :  Okay, and then a question, just your broader comments about longer term issuance trends. You said 2013 and 2014 are sort of the big maturity years, are we still seeing issuers pull forward to be opportunistic or are we getting to the point now that corporate balance sheets are flush with enough cash that that dynamic really isn’t happening anymore?
Ray McDaniel: No, I think we are still seeing pull forward and really -- and I think you can characterize the pull forward in two ways: one, just refinancing or pre-financing ahead of maturities, but also when one debt instrument or credit facility is maturing, to use that opportunity to refinance other debt obligations on the firm. So, it’s really looking at in many cases at the first debt instrument to mature, pull future maturities forward as well. 
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs : Okay, alright. Thank you guys. Yes.
Linda Huber: One further point though, we’re speaking only to refinancing and pre-financing here, it’s important to note that we’re starting to see some positive trends in terms of investment spending for CapEx, particularly amongst industries that have been stronger performers. So, important to remember that issuance can be for refinancing and pre-financing, but it can also be for M&A driven transactions, it can be for where we see some borrowing for share buybacks, and we also see borrowing for CapEx. So, there are many more reasons to finance than just refinancing and pre-financing. We’re starting to see those uses of financing broaden out which is one reason why we are optimistic going into this year.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs:  Okay. Is it fair to say that refinancing is still the bigger driver at this point?
Linda Huber: 
 :
 :
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Okay, all right, great. Thank you for the color.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Bill Clark with KBW.
Bill Clark – KBW: Hi, everyone. Lately you’ve certainly had nice strength in corporate finance revenues. But even looking back to pre-crisis levels, seems like you’ve had material growth in this category. I was just wondering, if you had any ideas on what part of that shrink was maybe coming from market share gains or new products or pricing increases or is it just all in the dynamics of the issuance in that category right now?
Raymond McDaniel: Michel Madelain may wish to comment on this after I do, particularly from a European perspective. But I would point to the most significant driver as being disintermediation, the accessing -- having multiple points of access to capital, so that it’s not exclusively through bank relationships, I think has characterized the motivation of corporations both in the U.S. and in Europe in recent years. And the good news for capital markets and ratings on capital market instruments is that once they are in the bond markets or in the rated loan markets, firms tend to stay there. So increasing the stock of debt outstanding in capital markets increases the future pipeline for refinancing, and so it’s a step up in business activity that is related to Moody’s Services through ratings in research. And again I invite Michel to add any color on to that comments that he’d like.
Michel Madelain: Thanks, Ray. I think -- I would just say that in U.S. it’s really more the volume phenomena which was described before, and in Europe and some of the international markets, it’s really the phenomena of moving from bank to bonds effectively we’re seeing. And we also see that as a long-term trend that is only starting to show an impact basically.
Linda Huber: Bill, it’s Linda one final thing here on the mix, which is helpful to us. If you look for -- look at full year 2010, investment grade made up 19% of our revenue in corporate this year; last year was 29%. In contrast sec grade has moved from 20% to 25% and bank loans have moved from 7% in ’09 to 17% in 2010. That’s the mix that’s just more favorable for us. So part of what you see here is volume part of it is priced but the mix of the issued securities is also helpful to us, so couple of things going on there.
Bill Clark - KBW: Okay, that’s very helpful. Thank you.  
Operator: And we will take our next question from Edward Atorino with Benchmark.
Edward Atorino – The Benchmark Company: Linda, excuse me. Could you go over the -- you have 230 million, whatever it is, for share buyback, is that just allocated for share buyback or is that sort of allocated for general corporate purposes or am I misunderstanding something.
Linda Huber: Let me just say it again so we make sure we’ve got it right. Let me start by saying we’re expecting our cash flow to remain very strong for 2011 and we’re pleased about that and that’s -- it couldn’t be a number that is above $600 million cash flow from operations. If you peel out of that, CapEx is going to be about $75 million, and so we continue to have very good strong free cash flow. Now what we would look to do with that as we said was modest share repurchase and I mentioned that this year we did $223 million of share repurchase. We expected to do something in that neighborhood in ’11 unless market conditions change and then we may kick it up some. What I was talking about also is the fact that of our cash balances, about a third of them are held here in the U.S., two thirds are held overseas because they are taxed at a much lower rate. So, we could move that stuff around, but then we have a tax hit so we have to kind of balance what we’re doing here. So hope that that answer is what you need.
Edward Atorino – The Benchmark Company: Yeah, I just want a clarification on that. Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our last question from Doug Arthur with Evercore. 
Doug Arthur – Evercore: Yeah, Ray, you may have covered this already, but in your outlook you talk about non- U.S. MIS growing in the low double digit percentage range. I mean that’s a pretty big step up from what the trends have been in the second half of ’10, I guess what gives you confidence there and do you -- what role did Europe play because that market seems kind of locked up right now?   
Raymond McDaniel: Yeah, I again will invite Michel Madelain to make comments on this but you are correct. We do expect to have stronger growth in MIS outside the U.S. in 2011 and inside the U.S. And we do -- we are counting on good growth from the European business. Bond issuance activity in Europe struggled at times throughout 2010 with the contingent risk that came from the sovereign debt crisis. So to the extent that that particular impediment to more normalized issuance activity is handled well, we think it’s going to be a strong year for European issuance activity. If the sovereign situation is not handled as well and there is market anxiety, then there is some down side risk to our outlook. Michel, you want to add any color to that? 
Michel Madelain: No, I would just say that, you talked earlier about project and infrastructure outside of the U.S. where we see upside each year, but also corporate side both investment grade and spec grade subject to qualifiers you just gave me.
Edward Atorino – The Benchmark Company: Great, thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take a follow up question from Edward Atorino from Benchmark.
Edward Atorino – The Benchmark Company: To what extent does your new issuance sort of offset the share buyback?
Michel Madelain:  Meaning new issuance for employee programs?
Edward Atorino – The Benchmark Company: Right.
Linda Huber:  It will offset by quite a bit, let me see if I can…
Edward Atorino – The Benchmark Company: Okay, that’s fine.
Linda Huber:  Sure. This year -- let me see, we bought in a total of 8.6 million shares and we issued 2.7 million shares -- excuse me, that was for 2010. So we’re kind of at 4:1 ratio buy back versus issuance. We would expect something pretty similar to that, again, Ed. So you’ll continue to see -- you’ll accretion on that front.
Edward Atorino – The Benchmark Company: Thank you. 
Operator: And there are no other questions in queue.
Ray McDaniel:  Okay, thank you very much everyone for joining the call today and we look forward to speaking with you in April. 
Operator: This concludes Moody’s fourth quarter and fiscal year ending call. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 4:00 p.m. Eastern time on Moody’s website. Thank you.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-28 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Ray McDaniel - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer  Linda Huber - Chief Financial Officer Liz Zale - Vice President of Investor Relations 
Analysts :  Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray Michael Meltz – JPMorgan Craig Huber – Access 342 Brian Shipman – Jefferies Edward Atorino – Benchmark Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs Bill Clark - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods 
Operator: Good day and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the Moody's Corporation’s Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and then all participants are in listen-only mode. As a request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions-and-answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Zale, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Liz Zale: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's results for the third quarter of 2010. I am Liz Zale, Vice President of Investor Relations. Moody's released its results this morning for the third quarter of 2010. The earnings’ press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Moody's Corporation will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody's Corporation. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the management's discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2009, our Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30th, 2010, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statements set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I would also like to point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel: Thank you, Liz. Good morning and thanks to everyone for joining in today's call. I'll begin our remarks by summarizing Moody’s third quarter and year-to-date 2010 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. I'll then speak to recent developments in the legislative and regulatory area and finish with comments on Moody's business initiatives and outlook for 2010. After our prepared remarks we'd be happy to respond to your questions. Moody’s results for the third quarter reflecting strong performance at Moody’s Investor Service associated with robust capital market issuances as well as, steady growth for Moody’s Analytics. Total revenue was $513 million up 14% from the third quarter of 2009. Operating income for the third quarter was $189 million an increase of 10% year-over-year. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter of $0.58 included a one-time tax benefit of $0.07 associated with foreign earnings. Excluding minor restructuring related adjustments in both years, diluted EPS for the quarter of $0.58 grew by 35% year-over-year. Turning to year-to-date performance, revenue for the first nine months of 2010 totaled $1.45 billion, a 12% increase over the same period in 2009. Expenses were $892 million, up 11% from the prior year period, and operating income of $576 million increased 13%. Revenue at Moody’s Investors Service for the first nine months of 2010 was $1 billion, an increase of 15% from the prior year period. Moody’s Analytics revenue is $445 million, 5% higher than the prior year period. Based on year-to-date performance and our expectations for the remainder of the year, we are raising our full-year 2010 EPS guidance to a range of $1.90 to $1.96, from the prior range of $1.75 to $1.85. I will now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our results and other updates.
Linda Huber: Thanks, Ray. Good morning everyone. I’ll begin with revenue at the corporate level. As Ray mentioned, Moody’s total revenue for the quarter was up 14% year-over-year. For the third quarter, US revenue increased 21% to $278 million, while revenue outside the US increased 6% to $235 million, representing 46% of Moody’s total revenue. Recurring revenue of $283 million represented 55% of total revenue compared to 62% in the prior year period. Looking now at each of our businesses, starting with Moody’s Investors Service, revenue for the quarter was $358 million, a 17% increase year-over-year. US revenue was up 26% over the prior year period. Outside the US revenue grew 7% and represented 42% of total ratings revenue. Global corporate finance revenue in the third quarter increased 43% from a year ago to $145 million. Revenue grew 51% in the US, primarily driven by strong, high yield bank loan and bond origination for refinancing and increased merger and acquisition activity. Outside the US, revenue increased 29% from the prior-year period with strong high yield bond issuance in Europe and improved activity in Asia and Latin America. Global structured finance revenue for the third quarter was $70 million, 11% below the prior year period. In US, revenue declined 8% year-over-year with much derivative activities partially offset by improved commercial real estate finance issuance. Non-US structured finance revenue was down 15% with reduced European derivatives and securitization activity. Decline was partially offset by growth in covered bond activity. Global financial institutions revenue of $74 million increased 17% from the third quarter of 2009 primarily due to higher levels of insurance sector issuance in the US and greater activity in the banking sector internationally. US financial institutions revenue grew 14% well as part of the US revenue was up 19%. Global revenue for public project and infrastructure finance grew by 13% year-over-year to $70 million. Revenue increased 24% in the US with higher volumes in the public finance and infrastructure sectors. Non-US revenue declined 7% primarily due to lower issuance volume in European infrastructure finance. Turning now to Moody’s Analytics, global revenue from Moody’s Analytics of $155 million was up 6% from the third quarter of 2009. US revenue grew by 10% year-over-year to $71 million. Non-US revenue increased by 3% to $84 million and represented 54% of total analytics revenue. Growth was primarily lead by the delivery of risk management software projects and improving demand for research and data. Globally, revenue from research data in analytics of $106 million increased by 3% from the prior year period and represented about 68% of total MA revenue. The return to growth for this business reflects further stabilization among our capital markets customers as financial industry conditions improve. Revenue from risk management software of $43 million grew 16% while revenue from professional services of $6 million was flat with the prior year period. Growth rates in both of these business units are subject to significant quarter-to-quarter volatility due to the variable nature of project timing and the concentration of revenue in a relatively small number of engagements.  Turning now to expenses, Moody’s third quarter expenses were $324 million an increase of 16% compared to the third quarter of 2009. The increase was primarily due to greater headcount, our approvals for incentive compensation reflecting the stronger full year outlook, as well as additional spending relating to legal matters and regulatory requirements. Excluding, restructuring related items from both periods, third quarter 2010 expenses increased 18%. Moody’s operating margin for the third quarter of 2010 was 36.8% compared to 38.2% in the third quarter of 2009. Our expected tax rate for the quarter was 24.4% compared with 37.5% for the prior year period. The difference was primarily due to a one-time tax benefit associated to foreign earnings. Now, I’ll provide an update on capital allocation and stock buybacks. During the third quarter of 2010, Moody’s repurchase of 0.8 million shares at a total cost of $20 million. As of September 30th, 2010, Moody’s has $1.3 billion of share repurchase process authorization certainly remaining under its kind of program.  Through much of the third quarter share repurchase activity was curtailed due to media awareness of non-public information relating to wealth matters that we received in the spring, which was closed without any enforcement action against the company. Moody’s also issued $0.8 million shares under employee stock-based compensations plans. Outstanding shares as of September 30th, 2010 totaled $234 million representing a 1% decline from a year earlier. During the quarter, Moody’s completed a public offering of $500 million of ten-year senior unsecured notes at a coupon 5.5%. Proceeds are expected to be used for general corporate purposes, including repayments of outstanding commercial paper and other short-term and long-term borrowings, working capital, capital expenditures, possible acquisitions and other business investments and share buybacks. At quarter end, Moody’s had $1.3 billion of outstanding debt and possibly $985 million of additional debt capacity available under its revolving credit facility. Cash and cash equivalents were $794 million, a $371 million increase from the prior year period. We remain committed to using our strong cash flow to create value for shareholders while maintaining sufficient liquidity. For the reminder of 2010, we expect to continue to show repurchase at modest levels subject to available cash flow, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decisions. And with that I’ll turn the call back over to Ray.
Ray McDaniel:  Thanks Linda. I’ll continue now with an update on legislative and regulatory developments, in US its part of the initial rule making process following the passage of the Dodd-Frank Act. On September 29th, the SEC amended regulation service closure or Reg FD to remove the specific exemption for credit rating agencies. We are now addressing the confidentiality of information used in the ratings process by revising our agreements with issuers as appropriate. With respect to the majority of other provisions relevant to nationally recognized credit rating agencies and with Dodd-Frank Act. The SEC has provided a schedule of implementation activities over the coming months that include establishing new office credit ratings in October and naming a Director to that office in November. And proposing rules between January and March of 2011 on various matters such as important of internal controls, transparency of ratings performance and references to credit ratings and statues regulations and rules adoption of the proposed sets of rules is planned for April to July 2011. By the new rules, will have various changes in our process in operations did not alter our fundamental business objectives to broad the highest quality credit opinions research and analysis. In January, we also expect the SEC to provide guidance on the recession of rule 436-G and it’s interaction with regulation 8-D, which has been interpretive to acquire ratings to be included in the prospects of problem free offered securitizations. In Europe, as far our application become a registered credit rating agency under the new EU regulatory region. And they are continuing interaction with European authorities to address the registration process and other considerations including the transfer of rating agency over site to a newly established European Securities and Markets Authority. We also expect the EU Commission to, the European Commission to the release a consultation paper in the near future regarding matters such as rating agency competition and business models and the regulatory use of ratings. At a global level, international monitory fund and the financial stability board have recently published papers addressing the use of ratings and regulation. Both the IMS and the FSP advocate reducing reliance on ratings as mechanical triggers, which result in automatic responses. We agree with this position and we offered our public support through comments on regulatory proposals. As regulatory reviews and activity occur in other jurisdictions and we will continue to advocate for globally consistent approaches inline with the G20 statements and the efforts. I’ll conclude today’s prepared remarks by reviewing a few business initiatives in the quarter and commenting on our full year guidance.  I’m pleased to report that during the third quarter Moody’s Analytics established the Institute of Risk Standards and Qualifications, which was launched the first risk management accreditation program for bank professionals based on a core consistent standard. We’ve developed the program’s competency requirements with the help of a broad base of industry practitioners and academics. With the goal of capturing reference from the recent crisis and promoting a higher level of financial risk management proficiency among banking practitioners. We also launched Moody’s Small Business Information Zone or moodysbiz.com an online resource that provides small business analysts with free access to economic data and planning tools to help manage their businesses. There is also been a market leader in providing analysis and data to financial professionals and this side leverages our experience in resources to serve the small business community as well as municipalities and universities. These outlook for 2010 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, merge and acquisition activity, consumer borrowing and securitization and eventual, to our government sponsored economic stabilization initiatives. There is an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions and if actual conditions differ, Moody’s results for the year may differ materially from our credit forecast. As mentioned earlier we’re increasing our full year 2010 EPS guidance to the range of $1.90 to a $1.96. And certain components of 2010 guidance, have been modified to reflect our current view of credit market conditions and implications for the company.  My comments highlight those components that have been revised and we refer you to our earnings release for a full view of our guidance. Our full year outlook issues foreign currency translation at exchange rate as of the end of the third quarter. In Moody’s Corporation we now expect revenue to grow in the high single-digit to low double-digit percent range. And expenses to increase in the low double-digit percent range. As previously discussed, we expect operating expenses to increase throughout the year and normal seasonal pattern that is magnified by plans and committed spending including our hiring activities. We continue to estimate incremental costs related to new regulation would be approximately $15 million for this year and $15 million to $25 million for next year. The company still projects the full-year 2010 operating margin in the high-30% range we now expects the 2010 effective tax rate to be in the range of 33% to 34%. At Moody’s Investor Services, we now expect global revenue growth in the low double-digit percent range. In the US, we expect MIS revenue to increase in the high teens percent range while non-US revenues expected to get in the low to mid single-digit percent range. Corporate finance revenue is now projected to increase from the low 30% range. Structured finance revenue is expected to decline in the mid single-digit percent range, while revenues from financial institutions were expected to grow in the mid single-digit percent range. The Moody’s Analytics, our outlook for both risk management software and professional services now reflects revenue growth in the mid teens percent range. That concludes our prepared remarks and joining us for the question-and-answer section are Michel Madelain, our Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investors Service; and Mark Almeida, the President of Moody's Analytics. We will be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) We’ll take our first question from Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Thanks. Question for Linda, can you help me understand a little better the dynamics, which behind the cost growth in the third quarter and specifically, Linda, I don’t know if you can call out what portion of the cost might be one-time in the quarter in terms of catch up accruals or compliance implementation et cetera?
Linda Huber:  Sure Peter, let me start with the big picture here for the third quarter of last year our total expenses were $290 million and for the third quarter of this year as we have said we are at about $339 million for the up-tick it’s about $50 million. I would like to explain this as about $25 million of this would be considered catch up and potentially one off and about $20 million of this is run rate.  Above $30 million of this is a combination of incentive compensation, because that is the revised guidance and we performed better than we’ve expected and profit sharing. So just going with the first part in incentive compensation we’ve spoke about $75 million so far for the year for incentive compensation, so you can think about it above $25 million a quarter. We also said about a $3 million to be submit for profit sharing, we also then had higher cost as we said in professional services, which includes IT regulatory and legal of about $11.5 million. So we would hope that we don’t have to see that again and of course, the incentive compensation true up would also be one-time. So to be approximately, $50 million increase about half of this is one-time. Now on the run rate, it’s important to understand that we’ve got something here that are going to continue on. Primarily, we have increase headcount by about 7% and we’ve also have mere increases and we’ve had higher Moody’s Analytics commissions. All of which are good because many of this increase is regarding revenue. All of those changes are about $20 million for the third quarter year-over-year. So Peter, I hope that explains the expense increase in the two components you’re looking for.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Excellent, very helpful, thank you. And then just a follow up on that one just the 7% increase in headcount, I know you signaled that you’re adding staff, but I just can’t quite get my hands one why is the staffing needs to increase so much in the context of revenue run rate numbers, it is still well below where you are a few years ago?
Linda Huber: Right, I think the important thing to note here Peter is that many of these people are going to Moody’s Analytics as we have said and a number of the people are going to lower cost stuff areas as we look to make sure that the analysts have a reasonable work load under the new regulatory regime. So it would be those things, should also be noted that a number of these divisions are outside the US I opposed to within the US. So some of them are in fact at lower cost, but we are doing exactly what we said, we would do over the course of the year.
Raymond McDaniel: Just a little more color on that, Peter. The hiring that is going on, on the Moody’s Analytics side has been both for our software development activities outside the US, but also importantly for sales. And we have talked in some of our previous calls about the fact that the customer base for Moody’s Analytics has been shifting somewhat from the very large institutions that we have always served to small and more regional institutions, which requires more selling capacity to be able to get to those institutions so that’s part of the hiring on that side.  And as Linda noted, there continues to be hiring for the full range of internal controls compliance legal technology audit associated with moving Moody’s Investor Service into a more fully regulated environment. It just requires changes to work processes documentation reporting that require incremental resource.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Understand. And Ray, one another thing and I’ll get off, I noticed that the revenue growth rate for Moody’s Investor Services at 17% is quite a bit higher than what S&P reported yesterday and I understand part of that is just a function of pricing models, but it also looks to the higher when thinking what Fitch is doing. So can you just comment on what you’re seeing from a market share standpoint as it relates to this superior revenue performance?
Ray McDaniel: I do seeing that part of this is a mix of transaction versus recurring revenue I cannot speak to any awareness of material changes in market share. We have had strong addition of new issuers who have been seeking ratings this year both inside the US and outside the US that’s associated with increased capital market activity particularly what capital market and bank loan activity, which are tend to be smaller issuers would not as frequently be in the bond markets or in the related loan market. So we have had a good year in terms of increasing the number of new rating relationships I don’t have a comparison on that with our competitors.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Okay, great. Thanks Ray and Linda.
Operator: Out next question is Michael Meltz with JPMorgan.
Michael Meltz – JPMorgan: I’d like to thank Appert for the market share question. Two questions for you, the margin drive for or I guess lack of margin drive, I understand the costs in the investments you’re making and some of which are run rate and some are one-off. Taking a step back as you look over the next few years, I think we’ve talked about before 40% to 45% is where the business could or perhaps should be longer-term. Do you still feel that way? And then I have a follow-up.
Linda Huber: Okay. Let me take a shot at this Michael and then I’ll let Ray comment further. If you look at our operating income is $188.9 million and you add that to $13 million and extraordinary incentive compensation and profit sharing, which I explained it gets about $202 million of operating income, which takes your margin to a little over 39% and as I said we’ve had an overage in professional services at about $11.5 million of that you get to something like $213 million or margin back over 41%.  So we could see that that this can be reached, but given what we’ve given just right now to build into this regulatory requirements as we’ve said we’re going to ramp expenses throughout the year and we haven’t reached the full run rate yet on those so hope that illustrates that we can get there, but unfortunately not quite yet for this quarter.
Ray McDaniel:  I want to offer a note of caution also in terms of the fact that the regulatory process is - well is well it is much clearer than it has been earlier this year or certainly last year, still has quite a bit of activity going into 2011 that we are going to have to be in a position to address.  As I’ve mentioned in the prepared remarks, SEC rule making in many areas hasn’t even become visible. I mean I am sure the SEC is working on it, but they have not made proposed rules public in areas that are going to affect us, we will see that in the first and second quarters of next year, because a lot of the rule making had a 12 month window after passage of Dodd-Frank. We also have the European consultation, which we expect to have released shortly, and we have banking system regulators that are looking at the use of ratings and regulations in particular and so we are assuming there are going to be increased costs and resource needs associated with some or all of this, but we don’t have a great deal of clarity yet on exactly what that maybe and as the rules and proposals are released we’ll be able to talk to you about this more intelligently.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: Has your view on margin structure changed since the Investor Day?
Ray McDaniel: My view on margin structure has not changed, but we have the – if we are thinking about the increasing cost associated in particular with the Moody’s Investor Service and the internal control and reporting environment, I think what is fair to say is that, it has been extended beyond what I would have expected back on Investor Day. So there is more going on and it is going on further out in time than I would have forecasted six to nine months ago.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: Okay, one follow-up. Linda, I am coming out, because I am sure will ask the subscription or these transaction recurring, but within structured finance do you still have a good slug of recurring revenues in there or surveillance revenues, how should we be thinking about the phasing of those revenues over the next three plus years, is there an expectation of a cliff or just modest fade or how should, how will that play out?
Linda Huber: Sure, you are right, we’ll probably get to the details here on transaction versus relationship, for the third quarter for structured just that you have the top line Michael transaction was 47%, relationship was 53%. I think the your second theory there on the slow decline is the correct one, and we will see somewhat of a decline as the stock of those structured revenue comes down.  However, in terms of total recurring revenues, we have had obviously a massive influxes corporate ratings, which needs to be monitored and so we will have additional recurring monitoring fees that go with those new corporate ratings. So overall we will see a net increase in our total recurring revenues, but you are right that structure will have a small ramp down.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan:  Alright, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question is Craig Huber with Access 342.
Craig Huber – Access 342:  Good afternoon, I just thought I’d be next. Just I was trying to ask you Linda, can you breakdown first if you would the transaction versus non-transaction percentages between structured, corporate, financial et cetera?
Linda Huber:  Well sure. As I was just saying to Michael for Q3 Craig, the ratings first with transaction and then with relationship it’s 47 versus 53 for structured but corporate we play on a very strong issue this quarter 74% transaction, 26% relationship.  Financial institution 37% transaction and 63% relationship and public project and infrastructure finance 60% transaction and 40% relationship. So for the rating agency as a whole 58% transaction, 42% relationship, from Moody’s Analytics we are running 14% transaction and 86% relationship, so for the corporation as a whole 45% transaction and 55% relationship.
Craig Huber – Access 342:  Okay, then also another housekeeping question, within each of those structured corporate et cetera, can you breakdown if would the percentages that have come from high yield bank loans investment grade and also with the three main category still?
Lind Huber:  Yes. Hang on just a second when we get that. Sure, for the third quarter investment grade issuance was 21% of global corporate finance revenue, that was growth was 26% of total corporate finance revenue, bank loans 15% and other, which as you know includes monitoring mid in term notes short commercial paper and so on was 37%.
Craig Huber – Access 342:  And if you could do the same thing for finance institutions PPIF structured if you would?
Linda Huber: Sure, financial institutions the banking revenue was 70% of total FIG revenue for Q3, insurance was 25% and management investments was 5%, and then going on to PPIF, PFG and Sarbanes were 30%, the structured finance was 8% and project and infrastructure was 42%. And I think we get structure let me see if we can find that for you Craig. For structured for Q3 33%, after tax 12%, R&D at mortgages, covered bonds 11%, commercial real estate 17% and derivatives 27%.
Craig Huber – Access 342:  Okay, then also a point of clarification in a new guidance, EPS guidance of $1.90 to $1.96 does that or does that not include the $0.07 tax benefit you talk about for this quarter, you just finished.
Linda Huber: Yeah, as in fact Mr. Appert has noted in his writings this morning, it does include that $0.07 tax benefit.
Craig Huber - Access 342: It does include the $0.07.
Linda Huber: Yes, affirmative.
Craig Huber - Access 342: But excludes all these other smaller one-time items throughout the year?
Raymond McDaniel: It’s a GAAP guidance number, the guidance range.
Craig Huber - Access 342: Okay, I think I am done, thank you very much.
Raymond McDaniel: Thank you.
Linda Huber: Welcome.
Operator: Next question is Brian Shipman with Jefferies.
Brian Shipman – Jefferies: Thanks, good morning. Just a question on hiring again with respect to the compliance related to hiring specifically, when did you begin hiring that staffing so aggressively. And is the compliance related hiring completed at this point or do you say or what the remaining regulatory issues that you just mentioned Ray? Is that going to require that you continue ramping this staffing level up further?
Raymond McDaniel: I believe we are going to have to continue to ramp it up further, how much we have to do so, will depend on the actual SEC and then European Union rules that we’re operating under next year and 2012. We have been hiring in the compliance area I would say on a reasonably steady basis. We didn’t try to concentrate hiring in any one quarter. Although with the passage of Dodd-Frank there has been more clarity around, but some of our obligations and responsibilities are going to be, and so we have been active in the hiring in the third quarter.
Linda Huber: Brian its Linda its probably worth noting that, roughly 300 people that we’ve hired two-thirds of those are within analytics and rating agency and less than a third are within the staff, of those in the staffs, I don’t want you to have the wrong impression, the compliance team would be a small portion of that, but certainly not the majority, a lot of these hires are in middle office, IT and other support functions, so I just want to make sure you don’t come away with that thinking we’re hiring hundreds of people in compliance, because we are not.
Raymond McDaniel: No, I think it’s also important to understand that when we talk about complying with a new regulatory environment, some of that compliance is our people who are working in the lines of business and the operating Moody’s Investor Service business where work processes and work flows and documentation have changed. So it wouldn’t all be in a staff function even if some of it relates to regulatory changes.
Brian Shipman – Jefferies: It’s very helpful, thank you.
Operator: Next question is Edward Atorino from Benchmark.
Edward Atorino – Benchmark: Interest expense and other line, has just run that out at sort of a good run rate?
Linda Huber: Sure, let me talk a little bit about that. The total non-op expenses for the third quarter, let’s start with interest expense. One thing I might want to note that interest on our borrowings have gone up, because we have got our new $500 million bond deal in there with a 5.5% coupon on it. So you want to think about total interest expense, it’s about $13 million. Now it is better on FX line and we have got some income from our JVs offsetting that. So, in the third quarter you want to call it an expensive $8 million to $9 million and we got that as an exhibit to earnings release. You can take a look at that.
Edward Atorino – Benchmark: Yeah. It’s right down there. I got.
Linda Huber: Right there.
Edward Atorino – Benchmark: Okay, didn’t look at the bottom of the page. Thanks.
Linda Huber: Sure, trying to be helpful.
Edward Atorino – Benchmark: Very helpful, as always.
Operator: Next question is Sloan Bohlen with Goldman Sachs.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Hi, there, not to try to beat a dead horse, but just on the topic of kind of how big of a moving target the expenses are either for regulatory or other going forward. Can you maybe drill down about, which area there could be the most variability there? Is it on the compliance side? Or is it on rotation of analyst teams and where along that timeline for next year do you think you’ll have a better chance?
Linda Huber:
 :
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, I think we have done a good job this year in forecasting what our incremental cost would be associated with the compliance. The numbers that we were talking about early in the year are numbers that are still holding today. We have the preliminary estimate of $15 million to $25 million incremental expense next year associated with regulation that is not all in compliance. Again it is spread across lines of business, the internal control functions technology. So that we are able to be incompliance with various things. But, at this point, I don’t have any reason to move off of that number. But I would feel, I will feel much more confident about that once we see proposed SEC rules early next year and understand better what the EU consultation expectations will be.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Okay, switching gears maybe to a bigger picture question just on, kind of the conflicts on interests in the business and further discussion I guess headlines referred from either people at the SEC or people live here in Europe. Are those comments being made as part of official review processes or has there been a back and forth? Or can you give us a sense of, I guess where they are along kind of their review of that conflict?
Raymond McDaniel:
 : Then those of you on the call who heard that we speak about this before have heard me observed that there are indeed potential conflicts of interest in this business as there would be in any business in which we are paid by parties that care about the outcome of our opinions and analysis. So, whether that is issuers or investors or governments that are paying us, there are conflicts that must be managed. That is offset by the public good of our ratings and that they can be distributed for free to the investing public under our current business model, whereas they would not be able to be distributed for free to the investing public if we had to move to a subscription service or some other kind of a selective dissemination service. So, I think that turns the question to being able to demonstrate that we are properly managing the potential conflicts we face. I think we are going to be able to do that to the satisfaction of all regulatory authorities. And that’s why I am sure, we’ll be part of our responsibilities and obligations going forward, because they are going to be inspecting us and looking at that.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Okay. But it’s fair to say we are still in the very early stages of those discussions.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, those discussions have been going on for a long time and I imagine it will continue to go on for a long time.
Sloan Bohlen - Goldman Sachs: Okay, fair enough. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question is Bill Clark with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Bill Clark - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Thanks for taking my question. Just on the structured finance revenues, did you see any impact from the six month suspension of the need for ratings this quarter? I think it was the first quarter you had a fall kind of impact from that. I am just wondering if there was anything significant that you saw from that.
Raymond McDaniel: Given the interim solution that the SEC put in place, we really didn’t see any material impact, I don’t think. If the SEC had not acted, I think it’s more likely that we would have seen a material impact, because of the changes that would have that the rules would have had on the ability to issue a certain classes of securities, at least public securities.
 : I think that we have seen market participants having to make changes to how they are planning to bring securities to market in the structured finance area, how they interact with rating agencies to some extent and also questioning what the final solution with respect to 436(g) will be and the impact that that would have in 2011. But I don’t think it has had a material impact for 2010.
Bill Clark - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is a follow-up from Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray:  Ray, sorry for the double-dip here. But on the litigation front, it looks like you had a pretty important win the other day. Ray, so number one, I was just hoping you comment on how you see the relative significance of that particular decision and then number two maybe a little update on where things stand generally from litigation standpoint? Thanks.
Raymond McDaniel: Sure, there was a ruling earlier this week by a Judge in California, which granted our motion to dismiss with prejudice, claims from a plaintiff of intentional and negligent misrepresentation this is called the rights case. And we obviously were pleased that the motion to dismiss was granted and we think that the Judge correctly applied the law. It is a federal court, not a state court and so, for example with respect to the CalPERS litigation, I think the Judge’s decision not may very well prove to be helpful, but it is in federal court not the state court. With respect to the litigation more broadly, there is not anything material to report at this point. In total, we’ve had, I think it’s 17 cases dismissed, ratings related cases dismissed since the beginning of the financial crisis and we certainly expect that number to continue to rise. But I don’t have anything else to report at this point.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray:
 :
Ray McDaniel: Well, again it’s I think helpful and the Judge’s reasoning I think is something that we would cite. But other Judges in other districts are going to make their own decisions.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next question is Craig Huber with Access 342.
Craig Huber -- Access 342:  Yes, it’s a follow-up question. Would you not mind ball parking for us how much you think your incremental legal cost would be this year. Do you think it will be roughly $25 million this year or nowhere near that?
Ray McDaniel: I understand the curiosity Craig. I don’t think we’re going to disclose what we think our legal costs are going to be.
Craig Huber -- Access 342:  Okay, then also just if you could clarify with us further Linda your incentive accruals for the quarter. What were they and what were they a year ago please? I think the first two quarters this year your incentive compensation accruals I think $21 million in the first quarter, I think $17 million, $18 million in the second. What was in the third please?
Linda Huber: They are good Craig. For the first quarter of 2010, it was 20.8 instead of compensation. In the second quarter it was 18.3, and for the third quarter it’s 35.5. So, we review that as about a $10.5 million catch up on the incentive accrual, because obviously the company has performed above our forecast and we’ve raised guidance. A little chunk of the previous $13 million number I have mentioned is profit sharing, which also given the kind of year we’re having looks likes it’s likely to kick in. Compare that to last year the pattern was different, Q1 of last year was about $9 million, Q2 was $14.5 million, and Q3 was $25 million. So this year we’re running at about $75 million all in, which is healthy increase to where we were last year. So, as I said for this year $75 million so far, averaging $25 million a quarter. So you might want to think about that for the fourth quarter.
Craig Huber -- Access 342:  I mean, if I heard you right Linda, is it striking your total – operating cost during the fourth quarter to be up slightly from this third quarter total?
Linda Huber: Yes 
Craig Huber -- Access 342:  That’s true? Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is Michael Meltz with JPMorgan.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: Just one final one from me, we’ve gone through all these questions, nobody has asked about the business in the fourth quarter and your guidance, your listing guidance for revenues. Can you just talk a little bit about what are you, any real changes especially on corporate issuance, which was so strong in Q3?
Ray McDaniel: Well, we don’t expect revenue in the fourth quarter to be as high as it was in the third quarter. We have had a pretty good October in terms of corporate issuance including high yield and bank loans. But the strength of the third quarter, particularly September, I think is going to be hard to duplicate.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: Great. Thanks Ray.
Operator: We have no further questions in queue.
Ray McDaniel: Okay, thank you very much for joining us and we look forward to speaking with you again after the first of the year. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes Moody’s third quarter earnings call. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time on Moody’s website. Thank you.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-31 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Liz Zale – VP, IR Ray McDaniel – Chairman and CEO Linda Huber – EVP and CFO Mark Almeida – President of Moody's Analytics
Analysts: Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray Michael Meltz – JP Morgan Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs Craig Huber – Access 342 William Bird – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch
Operator:
 :
Liz Zale: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's results for the second quarter of 2010. I am Liz Zale, Vice President of Investor Relations. Moody's released its results for the second quarter of 2010 this morning. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at IR.Moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Moody's Corporation will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody's Corporation. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the management's discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009; our Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2010, and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statement set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I should point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Liz. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin our remarks this morning by summarizing Moody's second quarter and year-to-date 2010 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. I'll then speak to recent developments in the legislative and regulatory area and finish with comments on Moody's outlook for 2010. After our prepared remarks we'd be happy to respond to your questions. Moody’s results for the second quarter were strong given the greater volatility in debt capital markets as compared to the first quarter. Total revenue was $478 million, up 6% from the second quarter of 2009, was largely driven by the resurgence of US-based bank loan activity for refinancing and LBO transactions, plus growth across Moody’s Analytics. Operating income for the second quarter was $191 million, an increase of 2% year-over-year. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.51, 11% above the $0.46 in the prior year period. Excluding legacy tax and restructuring items in both years, diluted EPS for the quarter of $0.49 grew by 14% year-over-year. Turning to year-to-date performance, revenue for the first six months of 2010 was $954 million, 11% increase from the first half of 2009. Expenses were $567 million, up 8% from the prior year period, and operating income of $387 million increased 15%. Revenue at Moody’s Investors Service in the first six months of 2010 was $664 million, an increase of 14% from the prior year period. Moody’s Analytics revenue of $290 million was 4% higher than the prior year period. We’re reaffirming our full-year 2010 EPS guidance of $1.75 to $1.85 based on the sound first-half performance, but we expect the uneven credit market conditions will persist during the second half. I will now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our results and other updates.
Linda Huber: Thanks, Ray. I’ll begin with revenue at the corporate level. As Ray mentioned Moody’s total revenue for the quarter was up 6% year-over-year. The impact of foreign currency translation on revenue was negligible. For the second quarter, US revenue increased 10% to $262 million; while revenue outside the US increased 1% to $215 million, representing 45% of Moody’s total revenue. Recurring revenue of $284 million represented 59% of total revenue compared to 61% in the prior year period. Looking at each of our businesses, Moody’s Investors Service revenue for the quarter was $329 million, a 6% increase year-over-year. US revenue was up 12% over the prior year period; outside the US revenue declined 2% and represented 41% of total ratings revenue. Global corporate finance revenue in the second quarter increased 19% from a year ago to $128 million. Revenue grew 30% in the US, primarily driven by strong activity and high yield bank loans, which more than offset reduced issuance of investment grade bonds. Outside the US, revenue increased 1% from the prior year period, with strong issuance in Asia and Latin America, mostly offset by limited activity in Europe and Canada. Global structured finance revenue for the second quarter was $73 million, 2% below the prior year period. In the US revenue declined 4% year-over-year with reduced activity in derivatives and asset backed commercial paper programs, partially offset by growth in commercial real estate finance issuance. Non-US structured finance revenue grew 1%, with improved European covered bond issuance, most offset by declines in other asset classes. Global financial institutions revenue of $63 million decreased 6% from the second quarter of 2009 primarily due to issuance declines in the US and European insurance and banking sectors. US financial institutions revenue was down 9%, while outside US revenue declined 4%. Global revenue for public, project and infrastructure finance business grew by 6% year-over-year to $64 million. Revenue increased 13% in the US, with higher revenue in the public and project finance sectors. Non-U.S. revenue declined 8% primarily due to lower issuance volumes in European infrastructure finance. Turning now to Moody's Analytics, global revenue for is Moody's Analytics of $149 million was up 6% from the second quarter of 2009. US revenue grew by 6% year-over-year to $67 million. Non-US revenue increased by 7% to $82 million and represented 55% of total analytics revenue. All lines of business grew over the prior year quarter led by risk management software, which generated the majority of the quarter’s revenue growth. Globally revenue from research, data and analytics of $105 million increased by 3% from the prior-year period and represented over 70% of total MA revenue. The return to growth for these businesses reflect further stabilization among our capital market customers, as disruption from the financial crisis recede. In a more transaction sense of the businesses, revenue from risk management software of $39 million grew 16%, while revenue from professional services of $5 million, increased 14% from the prior year period. Growth rates in both of these business units are subject to significant quarter-to-quarter volatility due to the variable nature of project timing and the concentration of revenue in a relatively small number of engagements. Turning now to expenses, Moody’s second quarter expenses were $287 million, an increase of 9% compared to the second quarter of 2009. The increase was primarily due to greater headcount and incentive compensation as well as higher spending related to legal and regulatory requirements. Excluding minor restructuring related items from both periods, Moody’s second quarter 2010 expenses increased 10%. Excluding restructuring items in both periods, operating margin for the second quarter of 2010 was 39.9% compared to 42.2% in 2009. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.1% compared with 36.4% for the prior year period. The decrease was primarily due to a reduction in unrecognized tax benefits and other tax related liabilities resulting from the closing of the various tax audits, lower taxes on foreign income, and the favorable resolution of a legacy tax matter. Now I would like to turn to an update on capital allocation and stock buybacks. During the second quarter of 2010, Moody’s repurchased 2.8 million shares at a total cost of $70 million and issued 0.1 million shares under employees stock-based compensation plan. Outstanding shares as of June 30, 2010, totaled 234 million, representing a 1% decline from the year earlier. As of June 30, 2010, Moody’s had 1.3 million of share purchase authority remaining under its current program. At quarter-end, Moody's had $1.1 billion of outstanding debt and approximately $640 million of additional debt capacity available under its revolving credit facility. We used a portion of our cash flow to reduce total outstanding debt by $16 million during the second quarter. Net debt was potentially unchanged at approximately $620 million. We remain committed to using our strong cash flow to create value for shareholders, while maintaining sufficient liquidity. In 2010, we expect to continue share repurchase at modest levels, subject to available cash flow, market conditions, and other ongoing capital allocation decisions. And with that I will turn the call back over to Ray.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I’ll continue now with an update on legislative and regulatory developments. In the US, last week the president signed into law the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, which establishes a revised legal and regulatory infrastructure for the US financial system. We believe that regulatory reform is healthy for the markets, and we’re committed to implementing the provisions that are specific to our industry as quickly and effectively as possible. The intent of the law regarding credit rating agencies is increased transparency and accountability through a number of measures. The majority of the provisions seek to enhance the regulatory environment for Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations, or NRSROs, and will be implemented through rule-making by the SEC. Certain of provisions, however are effective immediately, including the revised litigation pleading standard provided for by section 933 and the rescission of rule 436 G. Section 933 provides that the initial complaint in a Federal securities fraud case against a credit rating agency will be sufficient if a plaintiff adequately alleges that the rating agency knowingly or recklessly either failed to conduct a reasonable investigation of factual elements relevant to the rating, or failed to obtain independent third party verification of factual material relied upon for the rating. This provision changes only the pleading standard for bringing a case, not the liability standard that sets forth what a plaintiff will ultimately be required to prove. Moody’s analysts have always investigated the factual elements relevant to our ratings, including in many instances a review of information that has been verified by independent third parties. In response to the revised pleading standard however, we are undertaking certain processes and operational changes, which include enhanced documentation of some of our existing processes, and seeking additional third-party verification where appropriate. We are also considering other possible actions that may help mitigate some of the financial risks of this revised pleading standard. Regarding the other litigation related provision, as a result of the rescission of SEC rule 436 G, if an NRSRO provides consent for a rating to be included in the 1933 Act registration statement or prospectus. The NRSRO is subject to expert liability. Moody’s like several other NRSROs has stated that we are not able to provide that consent without further study of the legal consequences. However, this is no way limits our rating activity of the public availability of Moody’s ratings through our website or press releases or other multi-uses of our ratings in the offering process. While the rescission of 436 G is applicable to US public securities offerings, it does not cover securities offered outside the US, or US private placements or municipal bonds. It is most relevant to limited sectors of the market where there is a regulatory requirement to include ratings in a registration statement or prospectus. As we have discussed for more than a decade, Moody’s support through removal of ratings from regulations, and believes it is in the best interests of all market participants. In Europe, as noted on previous calls, we are in the process of implementing the new European Union credit rating agency regulation, and continue to communicate with national and regional authorities charged with providing guidance and oversight for this regulation. We are completing our application to register under the new EU regulatory regime for credit rating agencies, and anticipate that additional European regulatory review will be ongoing during the second half of the year. Finally, as regulatory reviews and activity occur in other jurisdictions, we will continue to advocate for globally consistent approaches that align with the G-20 statements. I would like to conclude this morning’s prepared remarks by discussing our full year guidance. Moody's outlook for 2010 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, merger and acquisition activity, consumer borrowing and securitization, and the eventual withdrawal of government-sponsored economic stabilization initiatives. There is an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions and, if actual conditions differ, Moody's results for the year may differ materially from our current forecast. As I mentioned earlier, we are reaffirming our full-year 2010 EPS guidance in the range of $1.75 to $1.85; however, certain components of 2010 guidance have been modified to reflect our current view of credit market conditions and implications for the company. My comments will primarily focus on those components that have been revised, and we refer you to our earnings release for a full review of our guidance. Our full-year outlook assumes foreign currency translation at exchange rates as of the end of a second quarter. For Moody’s Corporation we now expect revenue to grow in the mid-single-digit percent range and expenses to increase in the mid- to high-single-digit range. As previously discussed, we expect operating expenses to increase throughout the year, and we continue to believe incremental compliance costs related to new regulation will be approximately $15 million for this year and $15 million to $25 million for next year. The company still projects the full-year 2010 operating margin in the high-30% range and now expects the effective tax rate in the range of 34% to 35%. At Moody’s Investors Service, we expect global revenue growth in the mid-single digit percent range. Reduced issuance activity and challenging credit market conditions in some key markets abroad are expected to continue going forward. In the US, we expect MIS revenue to increase in the low double-digit percent range, while non-U.S. revenue is expected to decline in the low single digit percent range. Corporate finance revenue is projected to increase in the high teens to low 20s percent range, structured finance revenue is expected to decline in the high single to low double-digit percent range, while revenue from financial institutions is expected to be relatively flat. Revenue from public, project and infrastructure finance is projected to increase in the mid-single digit percent range. At Moody’s Analytics, we continue to expect full-year 2010 revenue to increase from the mid-single digit percent range. Revenue in the US is now expected to grow in the mid-single digit percent range, the same rate of growth as outside the US. We continue to project revenue growth in the low single digit percent range for research data and analytics, while growth for risk management software is now expected to be in the low double digit percent range. Professional services is expected to grow in the mid-single digit percent range. That concludes our prepared remarks and joining us for the question-and-answer section are Michel Madelain, Chief Operating Officer, Moody's Investors Service; and Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics. We will be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) We will take our first question from Peter Appert of Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Thanks. Ray, I think it is noteworthy that your revenue performance in the ratings business is quite a bit better than both S&P and Fitch. I understand there is differences in terms of mix from a transaction versus relationship based pricing model. Do you feel that perhaps you're gaining market share?
Ray McDaniel: I mean, it is certainly possible Peter, but I don’t think that one quarter’s performance is really sufficient for us to make a strong statement about that. As you say, it could be some timing differences. We also had a strong quarter from the rating of bank loans in the US in particular, and that is a more transaction-based part of our business, and accounted for a lot of the strength.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: This is, actually, Ray, your second quarter of outperformance, so I think it's an emerging trend perhaps. How about, Ray, on pricing strategy, you have talked in the past about the possibility of being a little more aggressive in the context of the higher costs you're facing with the new regulations, any further thoughts on that?
Ray McDaniel: Yes, as we have said before, there are certainly additional costs that we are dealing with this year and that we expect to deal with next year – we do anticipate that pricing increases will be appropriate in some areas of our business as they have been this year. And so, yes, we will price where we have additional cost, but as we always are most interested in aligning price with the value creation, and that is going to be the primary focus.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then just one last thing, you're offering somewhat more cautionary guidance from a revenue standpoint here for the back half. Does this imply you're seeing something in terms of issuance activity near term that drives that, or is there something else we should be thinking about?
Ray McDaniel: No, actually I think the market tone both in the US and in Europe has been better in July, certainly than it was in May and the early part of June. But we have experienced a couple of months this year, whether the markets have turned pessimistic and spreads have widened. We saw that in February, we saw it in May, and the early part of June and issuance declined. And we are anticipating that they are going to continue to be these periods of pessimism from time to time given the degree of uncertainty, and somewhat the degree of fragility that we have seen in the debt capital markets.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thanks, Ray.
Ray McDaniel: Thank you, Peter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Meltz of JP Morgan.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: Thank you. Two questions. Ray, clearly the issuance data that we all look at, I don't think it's ever really tracked all that well to your revenues and this quarter especially, so the bank loan or syndicated debt portion of your business, can you talk about trends specifically there? How did you exit – was it just a really strong start to the period or how did you exit? And then I have a follow-up.
Ray McDaniel: Well, the bank loan issuance activity was stronger in the second quarter than in the first quarter. And to some extent bank loan activity and speculative grade bond activity offset each other. So, we see strength in one versus the other at different points in time. But the loan activity was a combination of corporations finding the opportunity to refinance, and because there was more LDO activity recently than we had seen for a while, and so that was driving the bank loans. And again particularly this was true in the United States.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: A question for you on legal and D&O. I mean, we have seen a lot of reaction from your firm and competitors now that the reform went into effect. How have your discussions gone with your insurers? Any update you can give us on that?
Ray McDaniel: We don’t discuss our discussions with other insurers, but as we have said before, we think we carry very appropriate levels of insurance and will continue to do so.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sloan Bohlen of Goldman Sachs.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Hi, good afternoon. First a question for Ray and Mark on the Moody's Analytics side, the growth that we're seeing in the recovery value products, is that mostly just sort of demand for the products? Are you actually starting to see some growth from new hiring at financial institutions and new seats being added?
Ray McDaniel: Yes, let me ask Mark to comment on that.
Mark Almeida: No, we are really not seeing any material increase in staffing at our customer accounts. So that is not really driving our revenue growth. What is driving our revenue growth is good, not extraordinary, but good demand for our products and services and very clear stabilization in the customer base and higher customer retention. We had a problem with customer retention when we were in the throes of the financial crisis, and that situation has improved a lot since the middle and end of last year.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: I guess, for that customer retention, are you finding that new customers are looking for those products as well as certain of those types of assets are coming back to trade in the market?
Mark Almeida: Yes, yes we are seeing good demand from new customers and good demand from existing customers as well.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just a question for Linda on the buyback, I just wanted to get a sense of how the size of the buyback was determined and then maybe a comment on timing relative to when Fin Reg was passed.
Linda Huber: Sure. We determined our size by looking at our financial ratios and making sure that we had an appropriate amount of money to spend in keeping with our modest guidance and we handle these things systematically Sloan. And so there isn’t much to say in terms of timing with financial regulation.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Huber of Access 342.
Craig Huber – Access 342: Yes, good morning. My typical question first, if I could, could you break down, if you would, the breakdown of your revenues transaction versus non-transaction across your four broad categories? And I have a follow up.
Linda Huber: Yes, I certainly could Craig. Let me see here, we will do transaction and then relationships. For structured finance, transaction revenues were 40% and relationship revenues were 60%. For corporate finance CFG, 70% transaction, 30% relationship; FIG with 32% transaction and 68% relationship, and PPIF with 58% transaction and 42% relationship. For MIS as a whole we were at 54% and 46%, and for Moody’s Analytics 12% transaction, 88% relationship and for the Corporation as a whole 41% transaction, and 59% relationship.
Craig Huber – Access 342: And then my other housekeeping question, if I could, could you further breakdown your revenues within corporate finance of the four main categories, high yield, bank loans, investment grade, et cetera? (inaudible)
Linda Huber: For…
Craig Huber – Access 342: I know it is a lot of numbers. Thank you.
Linda Huber: Okay. For corporate finance for the second quarter, investment-grade was 16% of our revenues and again in total corporate finance revenues were 127.9 million. So, 16% of that was investment grade, 22% of that was speculative grade, 20% of it was bank loans, and 43% of that was other. Anything else?
Craig Huber – Access 342: Yes, if you could just do the other three broad categories too, structured finance, finance institutions, PPIF.
Linda Huber: Sure. Let me do structured, total structured revenue was $73.1 million, and asset-backed category was 31%, residential mortgage-backed securities was 22%, commercial real estate 18%, and derivatives 29%. And do you want PPIF or FIG?
Craig Huber – Access 342: Yes, both please.
Linda Huber: Okay. Getting to the right page here, in case of FIG, total revenue was $63.2 million, banking was 70% of that, insurance was 23% of that, and managed investments was 7% of that, and I got to find PPIF. And let me see, for that total of $64.4 million, public finance and sovereign was 52% of revenue, municipal structured finance was 8%, and project and infrastructure was 40% of total revenue. I think that is all of them.
Craig Huber – Access 342: Yes, that's all of them. And then, could you also speak about the debt maturities you're looking at, I guess on a worldwide basis for 2011 and what you think could be a pull forward effect of some refinancing into the fourth quarter, and how you're thinking about that versus your guidance?
Ray McDaniel: Yes, I mean, I think we have certainly seen pulled forward already. And there remains a significant amount of debt that needs to be refinanced, not just in 2011, but 2012, and 2013 as well. So, I guess I’m less sensitive to whether there is a pull forward into later this year with 2011 debt, because of the amount of debt that is still outstanding, maturing in 2012 and 2013. And so as a result, it looks very opportunistic at this point. Spreads come in and issuance activity is substantial, but when spreads widen out as they did in May, there is not much activity because the debt is not due now. It is being pulled forward.
Craig Huber – Access 342: And then lastly, you touched on briefly your thoughts on the European regulations. If they do open up, the European regulations for the credit rating companies again further, what would you expect them to focus on here?
Ray McDaniel: I would expect that the focus affected that their focus on many of the things that they either looked at before, or that have been looked at in the US in terms of managing conflicts of interest, looking at the business model, the transparency, the accountability reporting. And I hope, although I don’t know this, but I would hope that we would also see – look at harmonization, because again even if we are dealing with a more intensive regulatory environment, it is helpful if that environment is one that we can operate in a consistent manner globally.
Craig Huber – Access 342: Great. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our next question comes from William Bird of Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.
William Bird – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Thanks. I was wondering if you could tell us what the incentives comp accrual was in the quarter.
Linda Huber: I can tell you the percentages, here, Bill, which is how we prefer to do it. Total comp expense for the second quarter was $176 million. Of that 10% was incentive compensation, and about 7% stock based compensation, and the rest salaries and benefits made up about 82% of compensation, and that is approximately how we have been running, and how we expect to run for 2010.
William Bird – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: And can you also just talk about the tax rate? Does the 34% to 35% for the full year, does that include the legacy tax item, and where do you expect the sustainable tax rate to be beyond 2010?
Linda Huber: Sure, the 34% to 35% would include what we see for the rest of the year going forward. We have a very good quarter regarding the tax rate. Obviously, we had some beneficial one-off situations, and then we also work hard on making sure that we are providing the correct tax structure for the corporation, given that in general 50% of our revenues are now oversees. So we worked hard on our strategy, and then also we have been fortunate this quarter to have a few things that have worked our way in terms of closing certain audits that were outstanding and so on. So 34% to 35% is our best thought going forward. Bill, I would not be as brave as to venture anything for 2011. We have got an administration in the Congress, which is considering some pretty major changes to tax legislation and for us to give any guidance at this time I think would be a guess at best, and perhaps a bit irresponsible. So let us see where the politicians do and we will update you when we do next year’s guidance.
William Bird – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: So, just to clarify this 34% to 35%, it sounds like it includes the legacy tax item?
Linda Huber: Yes, we can be certain on when legacy tax items are going to see results, but from what we can see for this year that is what we have in there.
William Bird – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions. I will turn the call back to Ray McDaniel for any closing remarks.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. I just want to thank everyone for joining the call today, and we look forward to speaking with you again in October. Thanks.
Operator: And this concludes the Moody’s second quarter earnings call. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 4 P.M. Eastern Time on Moody’s web site. Thank you.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-21 11:30:00) =====
Moody’s Corporation (NYSE:MCO):
Executives: Liz Zale – VP, IR Raymond McDaniel – Chairman and CEO Linda Huber – EVP and CFO Michelle Madelain – COO, Moody’s Investors Service
Analysts: Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray William Bird – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Michael Meltz – JP Morgan Craig Huber – Access 342 Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs Brian Shipman – Jefferies Edward Atorino – Benchmark
Operator: Good day, and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company we will open up the conference for questions-and-answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Liz Zale, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Liz Zale:  Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's results for the first quarter of 2010. I am Liz Zale, Vice President of Investor Relations. Moody's release its results for the first quarter of 2010 this morning. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at IR.Moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Moody's Corporation will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody's Corporation. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the management's discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2009 and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statement set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I should point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond McDaniel:  Thanks, Liz. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's first quarter 2010 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights, and I'll then speak to recent developments in the legislative and regulatory area and finish with comments on Moody's outlook for 2010. After our prepared remarks we'd be happy to respond to your questions. Moody’s results for the first quarter reflected strong corporate and financial institution debt issuance, particularly in the high-yield sector of the corporate market. Total revenue was $477 million, up 17% year-over-year, excluding the favorable impact of foreign currency translation revenue rose 14%. Operating income for the first quarter was $197 million, 32% above the prior year period with negligible impact from foreign currency translation. Excluding the restructuring charge in 2009 and minor adjustments to this charge in 2010 operating income increased 22%. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.47, an increase of 24% year-over-year. Excluding these restructuring items in both periods diluted EPS grew 15%. Our performance in the first quarter reflected the strength in corporate and financial institution issuance that I just noted, as well as improved stability in the markets and customers served by Moody’s Analytics. But, we also saw deeper than expected weakness in European structured finance. We are reaffirming our full year 2010 EPS guidance of $1.75 to $1.85, due to uncertainty that issuance levels later this year will continue to over come weakness some areas of structured finance. I’ll now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our results and other updates.
Linda Huber: Thanks, Ray. I’ll begin with revenue at the company level. As Ray mentioned Moody’s total revenue for the quarter increased 17% to $477 million. Excluding the favorable impact of foreign currency translations revenue grew 14%. US revenue grew 22%, $255 million; while revenue outside the US grows by 11%, $222 million and represented 47% of the total. Recurring revenue $281 million represented 59% of total revenue compared to 67% in the prior year period. Looking at each of our businesses, Moody’s Investor Service revenue for the quarter was $335 million 24% year-over-year increase, excluding the favorable impact of foreign currency translations and IS revenue grew 21%. US revenue was up 30% over the prior year period; outside the US revenue grew 17% and represented 44% of total ratings revenue. Global corporate finance revenue in the first quarter increased by 50% from year ago to $126 million and was primarily driven by strong high-yield bonds and loan issuance. Revenue growth was 49% in the US and 53% outside the US. Global structure finance revenue for the first quarter was $71 million, 1% below the prior year period. US revenue grew 21% reflecting increase issuance activity and asset tax securities and commercial real estate finance. Non-US structure finance revenue was down 17%, the decline was due to weak issuance across most asset classes in Europe and better market conditions improved issuer’s excess to liquidity and reduced issuance of new securitization for Central Bank sponsor programs. Global financial institutions revenue of $76 million grow 35% from the same quarter of 2009, primarily due to gains in the banking and insurance sectors. Revenue was up 39% in the US and 33% outside the US. Global revenue for public project and infrastructure grew 7% year-over-year to $61 million. Revenue grew 6% in US due to stronger public finance issuance across most sectors as well as improved project finance market conditions. Non-U.S. revenue grows 8%, primarily driven by investment grade activity within project and infrastructure finance. Turning now to Moody's Analytics, global revenue is $141million was up 2% from the first quarter of 2009. Excluding the favorable impact of foreign currency translation, revenue grew – increased 1 percent. US revenue of $65 million grew 3% over the first quarter of 2009. Non-US revenue increased 1% to $76 million and represented 54% of total analytics revenue. Globally, revenue from research, data and analytics of $105 million increased by 3% from the prior-year period represented over 70% of total MA revenue. The return to growth for these businesses reflects gradual stabilization amongst our capital market customers as destructions for the financial crisis received. In our more transaction sensitive businesses, revenue from risk management software was $33million grew 4% and revenue from professional services of $3 million declined 30%. Growth rates in both of these business units are subject significant quarter-to-quarter volatility due to the variable nature of project timings and the concentration of revenue and relatively small number of engagement. Turning now to expenses, Moody’s first quarter expenses were $280 million, 8% above the prior year period. Excluding the restructuring charge in 2009, a minor adjustment to this charge in 2010, expenses were up 13%. The increased was primarily due to higher accruals were performance-based compensation and increased expenses for consulting and professional services. Without the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation reported expenses grew 5% from the prior period. Operating margins for the quarter was 41.3% or 41.1%, excluding the restructuring adjustment. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 37.2% compared with 35.7% for the prior year period. The difference between quarters was primarily due to reductions in tax and tax related liabilities in the prior period that did not occur this quarter. Now I would like to turn to an update on capital allocation stock buybacks and capital expenditures. During the first quarter of 2010 Moody’s repurchased 1.1 million shares at a total cost of $30 million and an average price below $27 per share and issued 1.4 million shares under employees stock-based compensation plan. Outstanding shares as of March 31st, 2010, totaled 237 million a 1% increased from the year earlier. We remain committed to using our strong cash flow to create value for shareholders while maintaining sufficient liquidity. In 2010, we expect to continue share repurchases at modest level subject to available cash flow another ongoing capital allocation division. At quarter end Moody's had 1.1 billion of outstanding debt and more than 600 million of additional debt capacity available under our revolving credit facilities. During this quarter we used a portion of our cash flow to reduce total debt outstanding are approximately $70 million. And net debt position has decreased by approximately $95 million to approximately $625 million. For full year 2010, we now anticipate capital expenditures in the range of 80 million to $100 million primarily reflecting greater spending on technology initiative. And with that I will turn the call back over to Ray.
Raymond McDaniel: Thanks Linda. I’ll continue with an update on legislative and regulatory developments starting in the US. Legislative and policy making activity on financial reform is ongoing. In March the senate banking committee voted on the financial reform bill, which we expect to be considered for discussion and debate on the Senate floor soon. As if retains the regulation of Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations or NRSROs that include measures to increase accountability and transparency, strengthen the management and disclosure of conflict of interest and further empower the SEC's oversight of NRSROs. We support most aspects of the bill, we remained concerned that bill's liability provisions to meet the unattended consequences that could negatively impact the credit market. As such we do not believe that these are partisan issues and continue to recommend alternatives that will enhance rating agency accountability while reducing the likelihood of adverse outcomes in market and market participant. While the passage and timing of the financial reform bill remained uncertain. President Obama has indicated his goal to sign the financial reform bill into law by the end of May. As a result it's possible that both chambers of commerce could agree on some form of the bill over the next few weeks. It's still uncertain that final version of any legislation would be, but if the law is passed to the current liability provision we will implement appropriate changes to manage our operations prudently to correspond to a different environment. The SEC also continues to be active and its rule making related to NRSROs. During the process of implementing a final rule regarding rating agency disclosure of information related to the structured finance rating process and has submitted comments regarding other proposed rules and concept releases that relate to our industry. As the legislator focus on financial reform continues many of them studying the market crisis including congressional committee. Moody's has participated in number of hearings and meetings held by legislators and regulators in the US and other jurisdictions and we will participate in a hearing on Wall Street on the financial crisis held by the US Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations this Friday. We remained focus on planning a constructed discussion of partisan issues related to our industry and the broader financial markets. In Europe as noted on previous calls we are in the process of implementing the new European Union credit rating agency regulation and in doing so we will continue to communicate with national and regional authorities charged with providing guidance and oversight for this regulation. Finally, as regulatory reviews and activity occur in other jurisdictions we will continue to advocate for globally consistent approaches that recognize the international nature of our ratings and align with the G20 statements in the International Organizational Security Commission or IOSCO framework. I’ll conclude this morning’s prepared remarks by discussing our full year guidance. Moody’s outlook for 2010 is based on assumptions about many macro economic and capital market factors, including interest rates, corporate profitability and business investments spending, merger and acquisition activity, consumer borrowing and securitization and the eventual withdrawal of government sponsored economic stabilization initiatives. There is an importance degree of uncertainties surrounding these assumptions and if actual conditions differ, Moody’s results for the year may differ materially from our current forecast. Our full year outlook assumes foreign currency translation at exchange rate as of the end of the first quarter 2010. As I said earlier, we are reaffirming our full year 2010 EPS guidance in the range of $1.75 to $1.85. We still expect revenue growth in the high single to low double-digit percent range from Moody’s Investor Service and growth in the mid single digit percent range for Moody’s Analytics. However, our 2010 guidance for certain components of our business has been modified to reflect our current view on credit market conditions and implications for the company. My comments only address those components that have been revised and we refer you to our earnings release for a full review of our guidance. At Moody’s Investors Service, we now expect non-US revenue growth in the low single digit percent range. Corporate finance revenue is now projected to increase in the low 20s percent range with anticipated growth and speculative grade bond and loan activity partly offset by moderation of investment grade issuance from the high volume in 2009. Based on a current visibility, we are also expecting a stronger level of high yield activity in the first half of the year our investment grade is forecast to improve slightly in the second half. Structured finance revenue is now expected to decline in the low-single digit percent range primarily reflecting lower European issuance activity in asset back securitization and derivatives when previously anticipated. Total recovery in securitization is partly dependent on the resolution of rules and policies within and outside the US and CapEx including disclosure by issuers accounting and regulatory capital treatment of securitized assets and retention of risk. Actually this is a qualified; Moody is affecting our application and the possible impact on issuers and investors in different jurisdictions. The Moody’s analytics we now expect full year revenue growth in the high single to low double digit percent range in risk management software and in the mid to high single digit percent in professional services. Sales in both businesses remain inline with expectations, however revenue is subject to significant quarter-to-quarter volatility or into the business is still modest scale and revenue concentration in a relatively small number of large projects. In the software business for example, we across several larger than expected transactions which has extended both of sales cycle and the implementation timeframe. That concludes our prepared remarks and joining us for the question-and-answer session are Michelle Madelain, the Chief Operating Officer of Moody’s Investor Service and Mark Almeida, President of Moody’s Analytics, will be please take any questions you may have.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We’ll take our first question from Peter Appert with Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Thanks. Linda, question on the cost dynamics here. Your guidance obviously suggests an accelerated rate of costs grows here over the balance of the year. I’m wondering if you give us any granularity in terms of what drive and particularly after your organic costs growth look relatively modest in the first quarter?
Linda Huber: Peter. You recall but, we have said that we’re expecting ramping our expenses throughout 2010. A pattern probably so much similar to what we saw last year but the causes would be different. Last’s year revenue if you remember, first half performance was chap and second half performance was strong. So, we had add compensation accruals in the second half of the year. This year, we expect the compensation accruals to be flattered and then at higher level because the business is doing well. But, as you know, we are looking at potential hiring increases in the single digit. So, it would reflect those potential increases. Now, we’re not exactly certain how those increases were lay out. We are looking at potentially, we’re deploying some people internally and we’ve got to see how our balances is out with new hires but that would be the main caused of the expense ramp for the back half of the year coupled with some increased IT expenses and compliance expenses as we move fairly implementation into the EU growth for example.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray:  So, it sounds like whether you have some flexibility on this in the hiring plans?
Linda Huber: We do. And, again, Ray may want to comment further on this, Peter. It certainly depends how many people we move and how many people we hire from the outside.
Raymond McDaniel: Yeah. Peter, the only thing I would add to that is well, we do have flexibility in certain areas. There’s some other things that we have to do that in fact affect hiring. And so we are going to follow through with those hires, regardless of the environment. And that have to do with as we’ve talked about before compliance and certain kinds of personal additions for technology project that have to do with the regulatory environment that were going to be in both in Europe certainly and increasingly expected in the U.S.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray:  Great. And then Ray, on the separate topic, you’ve mentioned alternative liability, alternative provisions to align the rating agencies better I guess with investor desires. Can you talk about what some of those provisions might be what they might look like?
Raymond McDaniel: What I can tell you at this point is first of all it’s going to be dependant on what any final language in reform bill or in proposed – currently proposed SEC rules turned out to be, so I can’t say with certainty what we would do to accommodate in different environment until we have more clarity around what that environment is? But that being said we are currently studding other industries that have different standards of liability than our just currently. We’re looking at how they manage their business prudently and safely. And we are looking at changes that maybe appropriate in terms of our interactions with users of ratings whether we even if we believe there is a market good to providing rating services for as many small and perhaps marginal issuers as possible whether that is prudent to do in a different environment, those kinds of things and those are just illustrations of broader range of potential actions.
Peter Appert: Got it. Great. Thanks, Ray.
Operator: We will take our next question from William Bird with Banc of America.
William Bird -Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Yes, Ray. I guess we are on the same line, I was just wondering if you could elaborate on senate's current language and as the current language were on a hold what kind of specific adjustments one might make?
Raymond McDaniel: Well, I don't think – I don’t think I am ready to talk about specific adjustment under just one side of the current congressional legislator proposals. We would have to see what finally comes out of the senate and then obviously most importantly what would be produced in conference between the house and the senate on credit rating agency of reform because the bill is currently do not line up in all respect.
William Bird -Banc of America/Merrill Lynch:  Fair enough. Also Linda one of you could just talk a little bit about the pipeline and as you look at the pipeline, I am just wondering how Q2 growth is likely to compare to Q1 growth?
Linda Huber: If you are looking for pipeline view and revenue I think I might turn it and back over to Ray. On the expense side those as I said we are expecting gradual ramp over the year and expenses as I heard reply to a Peter's earlier question, let Ray take a shot at the revenue pipeline.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, in terms of – I think right now, it looks like more of the same in terms of what we saw in the first quarter. We did see starting with structured finance, we did see a growth on the US side versus the prior year period, but that was offset by the weakness that we talked about in international structured finance, and that was particularly concentrated in Europe. And I think that probably is going to continue for some time. On the corporate side, as we remarked in our prepared comments, we expect that the first half of the year, speculative grade is going to be relatively stronger and then investment grade picking up the second half of the year versus spec grade. We had a very strong quarter for financial institutions and I would be surprised if we see that momentum continue throughout the rest of the year. And I would expect to see a relative stability in the public project and infrastructure line. On the Moody’s Analytics side, if you look at the seasonal pattern that we’ve had there in the past, you see that revenue has historically grown through the year and I don’t think there is anything we’re looking at that would contradict that at this point.
William Bird -Banc of America/Merrill Lynch:  And Linda, you mentioned that you expect the incentives comp growth to be kind of flattish for the year, kind of more level. What level was it at in the first quarter and kind of what do you expect for the year?
Linda Huber: Sure, Bill. For the first quarter incentive comp as about $21 million for the first quarter of 2010 and that compares to that $9.3 million last year. So obviously the stronger performance of the business and affect that we returned bonus targets to a 100%, if we hit this years business objective will running filler number there. That runs 11% of total compensation for the first quarter, which will be about on par for what we are expecting for the year, we are expecting incentive comp run 11 or 12% for the year. Our stock based compensation should run 7-8% for the year. And salaries and benefit should be the remainder on the compensation expense, which runs the mid 60 or 63 or 66% of total expenses.
William Bird -Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Michael Meltz with JP Morgan.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: Great. Thank you. I think, I have four questions. Well, I’ll asked the liability question in different way is it – you might not want to discuss how you might change approach is it fair to assume you would probably increase your pricing commensurate with increase risk?
Raymond McDaniel: Well, to the extent that cost for operating in business wise, I think it is, it would not be unexpected to fix perhaps those cost of operations along.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: Okay. Secondly on the pricing side, can you talk about what you did with pricing this year and if that something that kicks mostly in January or sales throughout the year?
Linda Huber: Michael, we were closely at pricing and I think we are pretty thoughtful about it, we do have complexity in our pricing schedules and I think we are looking to have modest rates of increase that provide value to both the issuers and to the investors using a rating those schedules usually go into affect with the beginning of the year and yes, you will see them over the course of the year. It’s not something now that you’re going to be able to call out given the increased volume that we’re seeing particularly in corporate and in high yield. It will just be a part of the mix.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: Okay. On structure, can you talk a little bit more about Europeans structure and just I mean, I guess the simple question would be, I can’t imagine your expecting blew out activity two months ago. So, what is the different today versus a little over two months ago when you actually gave for those guidance were 4% structured growth?
Raymond McDaniel: Well. I can confirm that we were not expecting to see blew out at activity several months ago. But to answer most specifically, let me ask Michelle Madelain to make his comment.
Michelle Madelain: Yeah. I think that, you know, what is happened in Europe is that, as you know that the activity we’ve seen is at last we agreed that effectively all reason by access to reprocessed [ph] from the bank with England and although there are central banks and that level of activity is effectively contracted due to you know, improved access to liquidity for fiancé issuance. And the fact that overall, they need for refinancing and refining have actually been reduced. So, that’s really was in Europe.
Raymond McDaniel: And, just to add that, the – in a broader prospective, the improved liquidity profile in Europe is good for financial institution for corporate but it is having an effect on the securitization that was going on last year.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan:
. :
Linda Huber: Michael if you take a look at the earnings release that we did this morning we’ve got a schedule in there that is consolidated adjust income, which we hoping out. The expense and borrowings on that schedule was $10.8 million. We’ve got a small income number and then unrecognized tax benefits and other tax so $3.5 million to the negative. What we probably unable to trace there we mentioned in our prepared remarks is the absence of the benefit that we had in 2009 that took that number to the positive by about $7.5 million, so basically you’re seeing as when there it’s the absence of the benefit that we had last year.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: And so the question is that swing is that a Q1 issue or is that for fiscal year?
Linda Huber: I think we would – this number is a reasonable number though Michael this is the hardest number to forecast probably that we work with because that includes tax and OpEx. And I think something around that number is reasonable to look at for once in a while we do have a tax event as we did at this time last year, which is quite helpful to us but we can’t count on those.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: So the current 13 million, let there 13 million expenses in Q1 at this point it feels like a good run rate because that feed or so?
Linda Huber: We can both 13, 15 something like that?
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: Thank you for your time.
Operator: Take our next question from Craig Huber with Access 342.
Craig Huber – Access 342: Yes, good morning. Linda, couple of questions for you, as always typically ask can you break out the transaction verses non-transaction revenues for your four main segments?
Linda Huber: Well, Craig Huber we were just flipping to the page to get ready for your question. We do this as we always do we go through the rating agency first, the four components and then we will go through analytic and company as a total. I think the headline would be Craig that transaction revenue is up substantially because of high yield and loan issuance, so let me take a shot at this. For structured finance the first quarter of 2010 our transaction revenue was 41%, our relationship revenue was 59%. For corporate for CFG, transaction revenue was 71%, very strong showing as I mentioned and 29% relationship revenue. Financial Institutions were 43% transaction and 57% relationship and public project and infrastructure was 55% transaction and 45% relationship. So for the rating agency as a whole we are running 55% transaction and 45% relationship. It's pretty interesting both two reversal where we were at this time last year. Now for analytic we are running 8% transaction, 92% relationship and for the company as a whole – excuse me 41% transaction, 59% relationship given the strength in issuance.
Craig Huber – Access 342: You know the other way you guys break out your revenues you were pleased in these three to four different buckets like within corporate finance, what percentage was high yield versus bank loans or some investment grade the other four segments as I will appreciate?
Linda Huber: Sure. Let me look at CFG for you, Craig. I am looking at this for the first quarter totaled CFG revenue was about a $126 million which was the strong performance. Investment grade was about 20% of that, high yield was 27% of that number of that a $126 million number, very strong performance compared to the 7% at this time last year. Bank loans 14% of the CFG number, also very strong performance compared to last year’s 3% and other which is variety of things, medium term notes, which are commercial paper and so on, that was 39%.
Craig Huber – Access 342: And if you do the same for structured finance for PPIF you would?
Linda Huber: Let deal with structured finance, the total number was $71.5 million of revenue, asset backed was 33% of that, residential mortgage backed securities was 20%, commercial real estate class as we call it was 17% and derivative was 31% and structured encompass 21% of total Moody’s Investor Service revenue for this quarter. That pretty much everything you wanted Craig.
Unidentified Participant: In fact, did you have finance institutions in PPIF…
Linda Huber: I do, we set it off. First quarter, $76.3 million revenue for FIG, we have banking 69% of that which is starting, we were at this time last year. Insurance 24%, managed investments 7%, and FIG was 23% of total MIF revenue for this quarter, up from 21% last year. And since I manage to give it you, while I am doing it Greg, PPIF was $61.4 million, PFG and severance were 51%, municipal structured was 8% and project and infrastructure was 41%. All of those are running approximately where they were at the first quarter last year though the total number is up.
Craig Huber – Access 342: And then also if you could switch over to your operating margin guidance, I guess the 38% to 39% for the year, obviously your first quarter your margin was 41.1%, we are going to keep in mind closer cost were not level actually, did increase year goes on lastly significantly, how there is some increase issuer cost was year goes on but not quite to the same extend, it sounds like. Can you talk about what you think here if you truly do believe; I know you guys are very conservative by nature 38 to 39% operating margin guidance. What you think would bring it down to that level for the full year given 41.1 in the first quarter, just simply meaningfully slower top-line here or just could you walk me through the components?
Linda Huber: Sure Craig, just to be clear year last year the difference in fourth quarter expenses versus first quarter expenses was about $40 million. And we are looking for similar ramp this year given all the component, so make sure you are able to model that and if we have revenue outside as well I stated before were more likely to have the margin exceed 40%. And also if we gain in better expenses we will now also be able to do a little bit better but we got to scale those two things depending on how the revenue is looking to come in. So we are going to continue to guide in that high 30s number but in some quarters where we are lucky enough that the margin goes about 40. But I would say that is the benefit of having a strong quarter and I will ask Ray to come and look further.
Raymond McDaniel: Yeah. The only thing, I can add to Linda’s comments Craig are that, if we are sensitive to the top line at this point in terms of the margin, and if we do not see the kind of top line growth that would have margins up in the 40s. We are one still facing some investment in the business that we need to make. And two, there is going to be an important element of why we are not seeing top-line growth if we are not. And is it because of technical factors and we want to continue to invest through that or is it because of some other more in doing changes and we would be more going to react to that. And we can’t tell you the answer to that at this point in a year.
Craig Huber – Access 342: When you talk about up 8% to 9% revenue growth guidance for issuance and you know, 8% to 9% for costs. I mean everything you said and done, apart we’re going to think you to the match or costs growth with your revenue growth this year. I’m going to think a few percentages point to 8% to 9%. You don’t have to actually spend whether these all set and done. If you only, I think only but 8% to 9% top line, I assume it if I have said, and still they can do it to 8 to 9% cost growth this year. It might grow 8 to 9. I mean, it will slow down for many three quarters of the year?
Raymond McDaniel: I think the most I can tell you at this point Craig is, is that the guidance is the guidance and we’ve tried to give you some color around that. And hopefully we will have more clarity as we move through the second quarter.
Craig Huber – Access 342: Is that guidance pretty much right on top of what your internal targets or for a bonus accruals and all that?
Raymond McDaniel: I think…
Craig Huber – Access 342: Including your own etcetera, everything on target?
Raymond McDaniel: No. I think it’s important that our guidance reflect our best estimates of what we’re going to do for the year, the central scenario. So, I hope as you remark that we prove to be conservative. But it is our best estimate.
Craig Huber – Access 342: Okay. Thank you very much.
Raymond McDaniel: Thanks. Craig.
Operator: We will take our next question from Sloan Bohlen with Goldman Sachs.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Hi, thank you. Just three quick question first one just for Ray. You’ve mentioned little bit about changes that you’d recommended with regard to the accountability or I guess liability standards in the current financial reform. I was wonder if you could elaborate a little bit on that and may be talked a little bit about what the risk activities is spent to those adjusted changes?
Raymond McDaniel: Sure, the – I think the principle issue is that, that we’re grappling with or that there is, there is a very strong and not surprising interest and making sure that NRSROs are all appropriately accountable. And so the idea of changing the liability language in legislation and regulation is really an effort to enhance the accountability of rating agencies. There are other ways to enhance accountability whether it’s through our fines or sanctions, probations on operating in certain parts of the ratings business if book [ph] product is not of sufficient quality as a there are number of things that can be handled through oversight, enhanced oversight with piece in the oversight. But I think would satisfy a greater sense of accountability and would allow the industry to operate in a way that’s going to be as constructive for credit markets as possible, so that’s really where we would urge law makers and regulators to focus and then we will see how that works out.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: And do you get a sense of that focus has changed at all whether it would be – you know what the SEC did last week or Obama pushing for a timeframe do you feel like that maybe get lost in the broader bill?
Raymond McDaniel: Whereas in terms of the original proposal that was put forth by the Obama administration, they did not recommend any change in the liability standard, which I think is important and undisclosed the fact that I don’t see this as our partisan issues so much as a credit market issue. So, I think the in some ways perhaps as you identify the risk is that we have very expensive financial reform legislation proposed and there are lot of people working to try to resolve some very significant issues and questions around that overall package, and having the attention on the issues that are important to us is part of the challenge that we have to overcome.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Fair enough. And then just one question on issuance you talked about a ramp for a investment grade in the second half of the year, do you get a sense that the go [ph] forward of refinancing activity is largely done and that second half ramp is more to do with economic growth and opportunistic capital?
Raymond McDaniel: I think there is still a lot of debt that needs to be refinanced, you can see that over the next few years that they are remained significant of refinancing requirement, when that is refinanced, so is less certain and how much of it is pulled forward, again is uncertain. So the investment grade issuance I would characterize as perhaps less opportunistic than what we are seeing in the spec grade market right now and the very strong momentum in the spec grade. And I think that’s why in our estimation there is going to a reversal in the level of activity between the first half and second half investment grade to spec grade.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Okay, so, ramp is more relative to spec grade, not the fact that – I was trying to get an idea of why the ramp for second half for investment grade is suppose to not now for instance?
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, I think it's – you might think of it as more normalized calendar of issuance in investment grade.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Okay, fair enough.
Raymond McDaniel: And we are opportunistic in the spec grade.
Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you guys.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Brian Shipman with Jefferies
Brian Shipman – Jefferies: Thanks. Couple of questions. Linda first, you’ve bought some stocks in the quarter or the amount but issuance or stock based comp still got shares outstanding, inching higher, should we expect this trend to continue going forward, do you think you will be a net repurchaser at some stage?
Linda Huber: I think we’re at look the plan throughout this year to see how the price goes in and so on. We committed to modest share repurchase and we are balancing that with slight reduction in our debt and paying our dividend which we increased by 5% in December. We are closed, we had that 1.1 million shares and we issued pretty more than that, so over the course of the year I would expect that we might catch up, but it depends where the parts several goes.
Brian Shipman – Jefferies: Okay. Thank you.
Raymond McDaniel: Also I want to say you know we adjust our options in Q1 so the heaviest issuance of shares for compensation purposes would be in Q1, you shouldn’t look for that level throughout the rest of the year.
Brian Shipman – Jefferies: Okay. That’s helpful thank you. Just total big picture question and it is yours as a rating agencies team and change in the number of unrated 15 comp securities being market or offered conductors and compared with previous years and another words of issuers change appetite for the user rating get off and than lastly Ray if you have any comments on this most recent California, so that will be helpful, thank you?
Raymond McDaniel: The quick answer on issuers and investors use of rating that we have not seen any change, we continue to have an increase in the number of rated entities globally with new ratings request, when that is more the phenomena outside the US where market are less matured than it is inside the US. But we are seeing a net increase in the number of rated entities and in terms of the entities that we have rated historically we continue to do so, so no changes there. In terms of the California attorney general, I don’t think there was anything unusual in terms of the process that we undergoing with the California AG except perhaps that a press conference was called. The – we’ve been in steady communication with his staffs, I know our eternities have made sure that we produced thousands and thousands of documents as requested by the 8G and we’ll continue to corporate. And so we’ll make sure that that we’re doing what we need to be doing in terms of satisfying the request there and go from there.
Brian Shipman – Jefferies: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Edward Atorino with Benchmark.
Edward Atorino – Benchmark: Hi. I’m going to delay on the interest numbers, is it all interest or is it from other stuff in there?
Linda Huber: Ed the interest expense number is the 13.3 and 10.8 it is expenses on borrowings and 3.5 to that is a check from small offset totaling about a $1 million. So, I’d guess you say yes most to that is interest expense.
Edward Atorino – Benchmark: And you’ve said it would sort of stay about that level throughout the year.
Linda Huber: Yeah. I think, I told Michael.
Edward Atorino – Benchmark: Yeah. I got that.
Linda Huber:
T:
Edward Atorino – Benchmark: I got it. Thank you.
Operator: And, with no further questions, I'll turn the conference back over to Ray McDaniel for any closing remarks.
Raymond McDaniel: Okay. Thank you. Before we end the call, I just want to announce that Moody’s will host its fourth annual investor day on Thursday June 10th in New York City. Attendance is by invitation only and event will be accessible to all investors by webcast. Further details would be provided on our investor relations website. So, thanks a lot for joining the call today and we look forward to seeing you in June. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes Moody’s first quarter earnings conference call. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available at 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time on Moody's website. Thank you.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-04 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Liz Zale – VP, IR Ray McDaniel – Chairman and CEO Linda Huber – EVP and CFO
Analysts: Michael Meltz – JP Morgan Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray William Bird – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Craig Huber – Access 342 Edward Atorino – Benchmark Brian Shipman – Jefferies Michael Meltz – JP Morgan
Operator: Good day and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation fourth quarter and fiscal year-end 2009 earnings conference call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company we will open the conference up for questions-and-answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Liz Zale, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Liz Zale: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's results for 2009. I am Liz Zale Vice President of Investor Relations. Moody's release its results for full year of 2009 this morning. The earnings release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at IR.Moody's.com. Ray McDaniel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Moody's Corporation will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody's Corporation. Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act, I also direct your attention to the management's discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commission website. These, together with the Safe Harbor statement set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I should point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel:
 : Fourth quarter revenue $486 million increased 20% over the prior year reflecting meaningful improvement in credit market activity compared to the conditions experienced globally at the end of 2008. Excluding the favorable impact from foreign currency translation revenue grew by 17%. Operating income for the fourth quarter was $179 million, 43% higher than the same period last year. Without a favorable impact of foreign current translation operating income increased 39%. Diluted earnings per share of $0.43 for the fourth quarter of 2009 included a benefit $0.01 related to previously announced restructuring activities. Excluding the restructuring in both periods' diluted earnings per share of $0.42 increased 14% from $0.37 in the prior year period. Regarding full year results, Moody's full year results reflected gradual improvement in credit markets throughout 2009. Strength in corporate debt issuance in growth from Moody's analytics provided a slight increase in total revenue from the prior year but activity remained limited in other areas. Revenue for 2009 was approximately $1.8 billion, an increase of 2% from full year 2008. Operating income of $688 million declined 8% from a year ago. Excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation revenue grew 4% from the prior year period while the impact of foreign currency translation and operating income was negligible. Diluted earnings per share of 1.69 for 2009 declined 10% and included a net charge of $0.01 reflected cost related to previously announced restructuring plans partially offset by a benefit from certain legacy tax matters. Excluding these items in both years diluted earnings per share of $1.70 for the full year 2009 decreased 7% from $1.82 in 2008. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Linda to provide further details on our financial performance and other updates.
Linda Huber: Thanks Ray. I'll begin with revenue for the fourth quarter. Global revenue for Moody's corporation increased by 20%, U.S. revenue grew 25% year-over-year to $245 million our revenue generated outside the U.S. rose by 16% to $241 million and represented 50% of Moody's total revenue. Recurrent revenue of $290 million was up 2% from the fourth quarter of last year and represented 60% of total revenue. Looking at each of our businesses first Moody's Investor Service revenue for the quarter was $332 million, 31% above the prior year period. Excluding the favorable impact of foreign currency translation revenue grew 26%. U.S. ratings rose by 42% compared to growth of 19% outside the U.S. Revenue from outside the U.S. represented 46% of total ratings revenue. Global corporate finance revenue of $115 million in the fourth quarter nearly doubled from a year ago primarily driven by activity in the high yield bond market. Revenue increased 106% year-over-year in the U.S. and 90% outside the U.S. Global structured finance revenue for fourth quarter was $79 million down 14% from a year earlier. Within the U.S. structure finance revenue increased 5% from a year ago period reflecting increased issuance of asset tax securities and real estate investment trust fund. Non-U.S. structured finance revenue decreased 25% driven by revenue declines across all asset classes as improved credit market conditions load the use of securitization for central bank supported programs. Global financial institutions revenue of $72 million increased by 27% from the fourth quarter of 2008, due to gains from the banking sector. Revenue rose by 18% in U.S. and 35% outside the U.S. Global revenue for public project and infrastructure finance grew 36% to $66 million year-over-year. The increase of 36% in U.S. revenue was primarily driven by public finance issuance related to stimulus programs such as Build America Bond. Outside the U.S. revenue increased 35% with strong issuance in European infrastructure finance. Turning now to Moody's analytics. Global revenue of $154 million increased 3% from the fourth quarter of 2008 with negligible impact from foreign currency translation. Beginning with the fourth quarter reporting period, we slightly modified the reporting categories from Moody's Analytics revenue to better reflect our groupings. For the leverage data and analytics business which represent most of the product previously reported in the subscription category, revenue $106 million declined by 1% from the prior year period. In the risk management software category which includes software licenses, maintenance fees and associated services, revenue of $42 million was 21% higher than in the fourth quarter of 2008. And in the professional services category which captures revenue from our training services and other customers specific project work, revenue of $6 million was down 26%. From Moody's Analytics U.S. revenue declined 5% to $66 million reflecting the effect of customer attrition due to financial market disruption in late 2008 and early 2009. Outside the U.S. revenue increased 10% over the prior year period to $88 million, primarily attributable to growth in the risk management software business and represented 57% of total analytics revenue. Turning now to expenses. Moody's fourth quarter operating expense $307 million increased 10% over the prior year period. Excluding the impact of the foreign currency translation, reported expenses grew by 8%. The increase was primarily driven by higher accruals for performance based compensation and also reflected continuing investments across all areas of the business including technology infrastructure and investor outreach. Moody's reported operating margin for the quarter was 36.8%. Excluding the restructuring adjustment in the current period expenses were 11% higher than the prior year period and operating margin was 36.6% compared to 31.1% in the fourth quarter of 2008. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 38.3% compared with a somewhat unusual 28.6% in the fourth quarter of 2008. The increase was primarily due to a favorable through up of the full year 2008 tax accrual in the fourth quarter of 2008. In addition the 2008 effective tax rate included realization of U.S. manufacturing and leverage credit and deductions. I'll like turn now to an update on capital allocation and stock buyback. Moody's remains committed to using our strong cash flow to create value for shareholders by investing in growing areas of our business, reinvesting in rating quality initiatives, making selective acquisitions and related businesses, purchasing our stock and paying a quarterly dividend. We intend to uphold our commitment to returning capital to shareholders in a manner that is consistent with maintaining liquidity. On the December 15 of last year, we announced 5% increase in our quarterly dividend and in 2010 we expect to resume share repurchases at modest levels subject to available cash flow and other ongoing capital allocation division. During the fourth quarter of 2009 Moody's did not repurchase shares and issued approximately 400,000 shares under employee stock-based compensation plans. Outstanding shares as of December 31, 2009, totaled 237 million representing 1% year-over-year increase. As of December 31, 2009, Moody's had $1.4 billion of share repurchase authority remaining under its program. Now for some details on the balance sheet. Moody's had $1.2 billion of outstanding debt at year-end with approximately $550 million of additional capacity available under our revolving credit facility. We reduced total outstanding debt by $87 million during the fourth quarter and $274 million for the full year of 2009 and we expect to continue to repay short-term debt during 2010. As in December 31, 2009 our net debt position or total debt minus cash and cash equivalence was $720 million a decrease of 41% from year-end 2008. Last update I'd like to provide is on CapEx. For the full year of 2009 our total capital expenditures were $91 million and included the fit out of our Canary Wharf location in London to which we relocated in the fourth quarter. We expect to continue to strategically invest in facilities to support business needs. And with that I'll turn the call back over to Ray.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks Linda. I'll start now with a brief update on legislative and regulatory developments. We continue to communicate with oversight authorities that national, regional and global levels and expect increase levels of regulatory activity over the near term. In the U.S. as discussed previously in June 2009 the administration presented a blueprint for financial system reform. In December the U.S. House of Representatives passed its version of the reform bill which contained a section on enhancing the oversight recognized statistical rating organization or NRSROs. The proposals include measures to increase accountability and transparency, strengthen the management and disclosure of conflict of interest and further empower the SEC's oversight of NRSROs. The senate has begun work on its version of reform bill, which also includes a discussion draft on enhancing the oversight of credit rating agency. The discussion draft is probably consistent with the administration blueprint. However, whereas the administration intentionally did not address the liability position of credit rating agency is presently constructed; a discussion draft could increase the industry's exposure. We are currently discussing with congressional staff the provision potential negative impact not only for the rating agency but also for the broader U.S. bond market. As the reform bill progresses through the banking committee, which committee of jurisdiction and ultimately for the full senate, it will be subject to debate and change, if passed by the full senate the reform bill may be further debated and house and senate – as the house and senate work to address in consistency. On the regulatory front, the SEC is considering feedback on several initiatives to publish for comment in the third quarter of 2009. These include a proposed rule that would require all issuers making registered offerings to disclose ratings that they use in connection with the offering and a concept release on identifying credit rating agency whose ratings are disclosed in registered offerings as experts under the law. If it concept release ultimately, it would to be enacted into an SEC rule, the credit rating agency, they can send to have their ratings used in U.S. registered offering would have additional liability associated with that consent. As this idea still in the concept release form and the SEC generally take a delivery approach to issue presenting in concept releases, it's too early to assess the likely outcome. The SEC is also considering comments on its proposals to strengthen the NRSRO compliant function and to require further disclosures about potential conflict of interest. In addition the SEC adopted a rule which comes into effect in June 2010, which would require structure finance issuers to make available to all interested NRSROs the data provided to the NRSRO that they have hired to assign a rating. In Europe, as noted on previous calls, they U.S. passed a new regulatory regime for the credit rating agency industry and we expect to be fully – which we expect would be fully in fact by the second half of 2010. We're currently in the process of implementing the regulation and in doing so we continue to interact with national and regional authorities, as well as issuers and investors. Our best estimate of the implementation cost is incorporated into our 2010 guidance. We remain focused on playing a constructive part in discussions with these issues with Congress the SEC and other regulatory and legislative authorities and market participants. We will continue to advocate for global consistent approaches that recognize the global nature of our rates and are align with G-20 direction and framework. I'll conclude this morning prepared remarks by discussing our full-year guidance. Moody's outlook for 2010 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors including interest rates, corporate profitability and business investments spending, merger and acquisition activity, consumer borrowing and securitization and eventual withdrawal of government sponsored economic stabilization initiatives. There is an important degree of uncertainty surrounding this assumption and if actual conditions differ, Moody's results for the year may differ materially from our current outlook. Our projections assume foreign currency translation at the end of year 2009 rates. We anticipate continuing recovery for 2010 but also expect market conditions to remain challenging until economic improvement across key markets is sustained. With this outlook, we're projecting a stronger revenue increase and a return to earnings growth for 2010 with ongoing expense management to support business initiatives and regulatory and compliance efforts. Moody's overall the company expects full year 2010 revenue to increase in the high single digit percent range. Recurring revenue from both of our business segments will continue to provide a stable base. Expenses for full year 2010 are also expected to grow in the high single digit percent range with modest upward progression through the year. Of the anticipated 2010 expense increase, about half is related to headcount addition to support strategic initiatives. Approximately another $15 million of the increase is for incremental compliance including personnel and compliance related technology costs. The remainder is due to an unfavorable foreign exchange impact versus 2009 average rates and the restoration of budget bonus expense to targets. We expect that our operating margin will remain in the high 30% range and our effective tax rate will be in the range of 37% to 38%. We expect diluted earnings per share for full year 2010 to be in the range of $1.75 to $1.85. Our outlook also assumes $70 to $90 million capital expenditures to continue import investments in our technology infrastructure and address compliance requirements and just support facilities needed globally as Linda mentioned. For the global Moody's investor sector business we expect revenue for the full year 2010 to increase in the high single-to-low double dig percent range. We anticipate growth in the mid teens percent range in the U.S. and mid-single digit percent rage out the U.S. Corporate finance revenue project to grow in the high teens percent range, as we expect strength from speculative grade issuance to offset moderation of grade issuance from the high volume of 2009. Structured finance revenue is forecast to grow in the mid-single digit percent range, reflecting modest growth in most asset classes. We anticipate low single digit percent range growth in financial institution revenue and low double digit percent growth in public project and infrastructure finance revenue. For Moody's Analytics we project full year 2010 revenue growth in the mid single digit percent range driven by organic growth. We expect revenue growth in the low single digit percent rage for research, data and analytics and increase in the mid teens percent range for risk management software and grow in the high single digit to low double digit percent range for professional services. We expect Moody's Analytics revenue to increase at a low single digit percent rate in the U.S. and at the mid single digit percent rate outside the U.S. That concludes our prepared remarks. And joining us for the question-and-answer session, are Michelle Madelain our Chief Operating Officer for Moody's Investor Service and Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics. We're pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) We'll go first to Michael Meltz of JP Morgan.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: Thank you. I think I have three questions. On the expenses – I guess the question on expenses in the quarter they were up I guess $30 million year-over-year. What was the forex impact in there, what was incentive compensation up year-over-year? And then Ray, just if you can speak further about your guidance for 2010. I kind of find it hard to believe that the revenues and expenses would trend up the same rate and you wouldn't be able to drive margin, if you grow revenues 9%. If I back into what you're saying on headcount, where you – for what roles are you hiring people? It seems like you're saying there could be a couple of hundred people added.
Linda Huber: Michael its Linda. To take a short at Q4 expenses first and we're digging a bit here to find the FX impact for the fourth quarter. You are right, operating expenses were up about 28 – $20.7 million for the fourth quarter. To keep in mind that was coming out in extremely weak fourth quarter of 2008, the weakest quarter we've had in quite a while. The change is due to $4.2 million increase in salaries, 15.6 million in bonus and incentive compensation and $6.9 million in benefit and tax. That comes to 26.7 million of that increase. We've had some offsets as well and we also had some increases in the technology spending. So that would be the majority of the what happened in the fourth quarter, but again it's more of a return to normalcy as compare to pretty health mix fourth quarter of last year.
Ray McDaniel: With respect to the guidance, Michael. We are seeing the bulk of our incremental expense associated with hiring and compensation, in addition to a little bit of catch up on the restoration of bonuses back to target for 2010. The hiring is going to be fairly broad based. Moody's Analytics will be hiring in particular as part of the continued build out of our management software business. We also – as we are increasingly selling to more mid-sized institutions in the Moody's Analytics business we are going to be adding to our sales force in order to do that. And Moody's Investor Service we have additional surveillance personnel that we are bringing on board, additional credit policy personnel because some of the compliance costs that we will have are associated with Moody's Investor Service and analytical staff that will be to available to meet regulatory expectation. So it's fairly broadly spread as opposed to being in any one particular area.
Linda Huber:
 :
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: Okay. And then implicit in your expense guidance for 2010 that should be ramping throughout the year? Is that what you are saying? Because I – you haven't hired all these people?
Ray McDaniel: Yes. That's correct. And that's why we expect to see, I think it's fair to characterize as modest progression of expense throughout the year.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: Second question. On – generally speaking Ray what are you seeing in January, I mean in the first quarter in terms of top line trends or rating trends?
Ray McDaniel: What we're seeing in the market in January, I think is characterized as a continuing return to normalcy, which I think is good news. I think both the markets and our business had a decent January.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: Any change from how you end from December?
Ray McDaniel: To tell you the truth Michael, I didn't go back and compare our early information on December versus January.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: Okay. And last question you usually come up with pricing or price upticks in January. What's the expectation of pricing benefit in 2010?
Linda Huber: Michael its Linda. If you look at pricing for across the company, I think we say low single digit, maybe a little bit higher on average with the rating agency and it depends on the asset class. Some of them where more work is required, needs – we've moved a bit more but generally we would say mid single digit, a little lower in MAS, a little bit towards the higher end of that in MIS.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: Okay. Thanks for your time.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks Michael.
Operator: We'll go next to Peter Appert of Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Thanks. Ray, can you share with us any perspective on how you're thinking about timeframe in terms of resolution to some of these regulatory issues?
Ray McDaniel: Sure. I guess starting on the legislative side, at this point we're watching the senate and waiting for the senate to move forward on the overall financial reform package, which I certainly think if they do that, they will move forward on the credit rating agency component of that. Just as a matter of the Washington calendar, I would expect that if anything is going to happen it's going to happen in the second quarter. After that, with an election year, I think it becomes decreasingly likely that there would be action taken in 2010. So I think, we are really looking at second quarter event. As far as regulatory action from the SEC, that has been ongoing and in particular I would say that the concept release that they put out has probably the longest timeframe associated with it because that is a concept that was introduced to the market, which is at a more preliminary stage than a proposed rule and so they would go through a proposed rule and then final rule making process if they decide to move forward from the concept release.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then Ray, on the litigation front you guys had a big win last week. Can you comment one on sort of the significance of that development from your perspective? And two, do you have any insight on when we might anticipate further action on the litigation front in terms of some of these other cases?
Ray McDaniel: I can say that certainly with respect to other cases that were brought under the 1933 act, I think this case might have some, provides some guidance in those other cases. However, not all of the litigation that we have is related to the 33 act and so for those cases that are not related to the 33 act, I don't think the successful resolution of the case 2010 days ago is going to provide the same kind of guidance. And unfortunately, with respect to those non-33 act cases I don't have any better view on the timing of when the court may issue any judgment than we did when we spoke in the fourth quarter last year.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Okay. But my sense is that maybe half the cases were related to the one that was decided last week. Is that fair?
Ray McDaniel: About a third of the cases.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: A third. Okay. And then last thing, Ray in the past I believe you've expressed some comfort with the potential to get the operating margins for the business have rolled back to the low 40s or mid 40s. Is that still a realistic expectation do you think?
Ray McDaniel: Yeah. I still think that having operating margin that is north of 40 is possible and frankly would be consistent with my expectations but we also have some investments that we need to make in this business or while some we feel we are prudent to make and some we are told to make as we need regulatory obligations around the world and as we build out the Moody's Analytics business. So we've got to make these investments. We've got to make them successful and we're going to see I think good long term benefit for our business coming out of this.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: This is actually really the last thing. Linda the incentive comp increases that we should anticipate 2010 versus 2009, how big is that?
Linda Huber: It's not particularly about big Peter. It's less than $10 million. That's the 2010 over 2009.
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to William Bird with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
William Bird – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Yes. Hi. I was wondering if you can help me through the math a little bit on the expense increase, the high single digit increase would imply about a hundred million of expenses and you mentioned half is headcount, about 15 from technology compliance and now you mentioned less than 10 restoration and bonuses. I was just wondering if you can walk me through the balance.
Linda Huber: I'll try to set this out for you Bill. We're saying that a little bit more than half of that is headcount and then we are adding in I think Ray said 15 million for compliance. The piece that may not jump out at you is if FX rates continue as they are now. That will be sort of $10 to $15 million in unfavorable impact for us next year. That gets through the bulk and it and then as we said the remainder would be less than 10 million in bonus through up, if we return to hitting our targets for next year.
William Bird – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And I was just wondering, as you look at 2010 and you think about the growth outlook, I'm just wondering what's implicit in your outlook for pull forward effect?
Ray McDaniel: I think that that is going to occur. There is a lot to pull forward, though. So even if 2011, 2012 refinancing is being pulled into 2010, it's not, 2010 is not going to absorb the stock of debt that needs to be refinanced over the next three years. It's just a very significant amount of debt that will have to be refinanced. Nonetheless, I do think that we will see a pull forward particularly in high yield activity before any anticipated increase in benchmark rates and potentially spreads going forward.
Linda Huber: So, it's Linda. We put out two pieces this week that you might want to take a look at. On the expect grade side we've written we are expecting 800 billion in refinancing over the next five years with that kicking in 2014 and then on the investment grade side we are saying 550 billion of investment grade refinancing which peaks into 2013.
William Bird – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Great. And then just given the lumpiness of issuance in 2009, how do you think about the growth profile of the business for the first half versus second half of 2010?
Ray McDaniel: We don't have any formal quarterly guidance that we give, but in terms of where rates and spreads are now and the attention that companies are paying to opportunistically refinancing, I think we're going to have probably a stronger first half of the year and we will, as we get further into the year, we will have some visibility I'm sure beyond what we have right now in terms of the second half. But I do think we're going to see a pull forward at least from later in the year to earlier in the year of refinancing that is planned for 2010 with the open question being will we then see pull forward from 2011 into the second half of 2010.
William Bird – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: And just one final question. Do you have any preliminary estimate of incremental compliance cost for 2011?
Ray McDaniel: No. We don't have an estimate yet, but I can tell you that the increment there will be, I think principally associated with what we need to do for analyst rotation to meet European Union regulatory requirements and the nature of what has to be done for analyst rotation is still not settled. So that's why we don't have an estimate on that.
William Bird – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Linda Huber: So gratefully, we have some sense of the European regulatory situation which of course further along and we need more details on what's going to happen in the U.S. to be able to provide that.
William Bird – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thanks a lot.
Operator: We'll go next to Craig Huber at Access 342.
Craig Huber – Access 342: Yes. Good morning. A few questions. The first one as I typically ask can you give us a breakdown of transaction versus non-transaction revenue across financial et cetera?
Linda Huber: Yes, we can Craig. Let do the rating agency first and we'll start with the entire rating agency is for; you're looking for the fourth quarter?
Craig Huber – Access 342: Fourth quarter. Yes. I am sorry for the fourth quarter.
Linda Huber: The rating agency total is 53% transaction and 47% relationship and that's broken down first by structure finance, 43% transaction, 57% revenue. The corporate group is much more transaction based at 65% given what we've seen in activity in that sector and 35% relationship. Fig is 37% transaction and 63% relationship. And PPIS is 60% transaction and 40% relationship. For Moody's Analytics its 13% transaction and 87% relationship. So the total for the fourth quarter of 2009 for the corporation is 40% transaction and 60% relationship which is a bit of a move from the third quarter of 2009 if you want to look at sequentially which the balance for the company was 3763. So with the rating agency moving a bit more toward transaction, so has shifted the whole company.
Craig Huber – Access 342: And then the cut to revenue a little bit different. Can you also if you would please breakdown like with unstructured finance percent breakdown for revenues for the quarter for ABS versus NRBS, et cetera?
Linda Huber: Yes. For the fourth quarter 2009, four structure finance as a percent of the total structure finance revenue which was 78.7 as we said before, 33% of that was asset tax, ABS, 21% of that was RNBS, 15% of that was commercial real estate what we call crabs and then 30% was derivative. And that structure fans at 12% for the fourth quarter of 2009.
Craig Huber – Access 342: Do you have corporate finance and finance institutions and PPIF if you would?
Linda Huber: Sure. Good thing we have all the details for you Craig. Fourth quarter of 2009 for….
Craig Huber – Access 342: I wish your competitor stay still.
Linda Huber: We prepare, we prepare. Investment grade is 19% and the total again is $115.2 million for the fourth quarter of 2009 which is up from 57.8 last year almost doubling. So 19% investment grade, 29% expect grade. 10% bank loans and 42% other which as you know is medium term loans, sell commercial paper and things like that, so heavier balance if you are looking sequentially, the main headline there would be the movement in fact there being a higher percentage which is up from 19% in the last quarter. Looking at fig for the fourth quarter of 2009, $72 million of revenue, 71% of that from banking, 22% from insurance and 7% from managed investment. That looks relatively close to where we were for the third quarter and then PPIF for the fourth quarter $66 million, 49% of that was PFG and sovereign, Moody's were 9% and projects is 42% of, I think the headline would be there over the third quarter of 2009 a bit of an increase in PFG sovereign which has been 45% in the third quarter.
Ray McDaniel: Just to, the 9% that Linda referred to is the structured municipals. The municipal bond market is included in the PFG or public finance and sovereign line.
Craig Huber – Access 342: Okay. My only other question here is about your guidance. If you take your guidance of the three main things that you've given us up called 8% to 9% for revenues and take the you take the mid-point 8.5% and then deploy your cost guidance 2010 8.5%, take the mid-point, your tax rate 37.5% and assuming there's nothing strange going on in your interest expense line and nothing dramatic in the share buybacks this year, I get about $1.91 per share. I am trying to reconcile with this $1.75 $1.85 guidance please.
Linda Huber: Sure. On the tax side…
Ray McDaniel:
 :
Linda Huber: The tax side regarding to 37 to 38 we made a lot of progress on the tax line in recent years and as we've said, we're looking at modest share repurchase. We've been doing three things. We increased the dividends. We took down our debt, took up the cash by 228 and then we're looking to go into the share market but the pacing and timing and amount that really depends on market conditions. So we've got the tax rate pretty much where we think it should be directionally and let me have Ray comment a little bit more on his thoughts.
Ray McDaniel: Yeah. I would just add that I think we will probably have a little bit more in tax and foreign exchange is not going to be – we are not expecting that to help us and so on the non-operating expense line, we will be having an increase that is related to that.
Craig Huber – Access 342: I'm sorry. You answered it a little differently. If you use again 8.5% for revenue growth for 2010, 8.5% for your total cost growth, use 37.5% for the tax rate and mid-point and guidance you've gave in your press release you talked about a $1.90, $1.91 per share. Again assuming nothing strange going on in the interest expense line, I don’t' quite understand how you talk about $1.75 $1.85 versus the ranges you've given. That's all I ask.
Linda Huber: The interest expense line would stay about the same. If our tax rate is 37% I'm being told that gives us cost us another $0.02 and we're being cautious on our outlook on FX, Craig. So I think your point is well taken there, but we are being cautious at this point in the year.
Craig Huber – Access 342: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: We'll move next to Edward Atorino at Benchmark.
Edward Atorino – Benchmark: No. My question has been answered a couple of times. Thanks.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. Thank you, Ed.
Operator: And we'll go next to Brian Shipman with Jefferies.
Brian Shipman – Jefferies: A couple of allocation questions. As you reinstitute the share repurchase plan are you planning to be more systematic as you've done historically? In other words, will the repurchases – repurchasing be fairly evenly spread out over the coming year? And then you mentioned acquisition, as part of your cap allocation plan as well, what area of the business do you see as the focus and do you see deals out there that are M&M and is acquisition pipeline fairly full at this stage?
Linda Huber: Brian, I don't really think we want to talk too much about our intentions with share repurchase. We've used both systematic and opportunistic share repurchase previously and we'll have to see what the market brings us. So that will lay out according to what the market looks like and what we think about the conditions of the business. We've penciled in a small amount for acquisitions for this year. We will continue to stay close to our knitting. There are a number of opportunities out there. Some of them are larger sizes and Ray will comment on that in a moment, but we would expect – will continue to look for the international opportunities that we looked for before and the rating agency those tend to be smaller and then both on acquisitions for Moody's Analytics which is the main place where we're looking right now. Ray may have some comments.
Ray McDaniel: Yeah. The only thing I would add on the acquisition side and I think you're well aware of this, but there are probably more acquisition opportunities for us on the Moody's Analytics side. Most of those that we would have in our pipeline are of modest size. As Linda noted, there are a couple of larger firms that have been discussed publicly in terms of being up for sale. We look at everything that we think makes sense for our business. When we are looking, we are looking for things that are going to provide synergies and that can be purchased at the right price. And frankly, there are not that many that come along that we think have strong synergies for the businesses we're currently in and that are priced at a level that we think makes sense. So that reduces the likelihood of doing significant acquisitions.
Brian Shipman – Jefferies: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Now we'll go neck to Michael Meltz with JP Morgan.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: I always have more. Just one follow-up on the headcount question. If my math was right, of your roughly 4,000 employees how many are at Moody's Analytics at year end?
Linda Huber: Just a minute, Michael. We can get that for you. At year end Moody's Analytics had 1,374.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: Okay. And of the planned increase and expenses from headcount in 2010, have any been hired at this point or is that a hiring plan throughout the year?
Linda Huber: That hiring plan is throughout the year.
Ray McDaniel: It's ongoing. Yeah, we are continuing to hire. We hired in January, but that is an ongoing process.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. Thank you for your time.
Operator: And at this time, we have no further questions. I'll turn the conference back over to Mr. Ray McDaniel for any closing remarks.
Ray McDaniel:
 :
Operator: And that does conclude today's fourth quarter and fiscal year-end 2009 earnings call. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time on Moody's website. Thank you.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-29 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Liz Zale - Vice President, Investor Relations Raymond W. McDaniel Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray Michael Meltz - JP Morgan John Neff - William Blair & Co. Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company
Operator: Please standby. We're about to begin. Good day and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. At this time I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will the conference at the questions and answers following in the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Liz Zale, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Liz Zale: Thank you. Good morning everyone and thanks to joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's results for the third quarter of 2009. I am Liz Zale Vice President of Investor Relation. Moody's released it's result for the third quarter of 2009 this morning. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moody's.com. Ray McDaniel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Moody's Corporation will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody's Corporation. Before we begin I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language which can found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the management's discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. And another SEC fillings made by the company which are available on our website and on our Securities and Exchange Commission website. This together with the Safe Harbor statements set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statement. I should point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: Thank you, Liz. Good morning and thank you everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's third quarter and year-to-date 2009 results and update our guidance for the year. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights and I will then speak to recent developments in the legislative and regulatory area and finish with further comments on Moody's outlook for 2009. After our prepared remarks we'll be happy to respond to your questions. Moody's results in the third quarter reflected continuing strength in corporate debt issuance as well as growth from Moody's analytics. Total revenue was $452 million up 4% year-over-year. Excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation, revenue increased 6%. Operating income for the third quarter was a $173 million, a decline of 9% year-over-year due to acquisition related and other expenses. There was negligible impact to operating income from foreign currency translation. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.42 including a $0.01 charge associated with previously announced restructuring activities. This was 9% below the prior year period. Excluding restructuring adjustments from both periods, and the benefit related to legacy tax matters in the prior year period diluted EPS for the quarter of $0.43 were down 4% year-over-year. Turning to year-to-date performance, revenue for the first nine month of 2009 totaled $1.3 billion, a 3% decrease from the same period in 2008. Operating income of $509 million was 18% lower than the prior year period. Year-to-date diluted earnings per share of a $1.26 included a net charge of $0.02 per share reflecting cost related to previously announced restructuring plans partially offset by a benefit from certain legacy tax matters. Excluding these items in both periods diluted earnings per share declined by 11% to a $1.28 from a $1.44 in the first nine months of 2008. We're raising our full year 2009 EPS guidance to a range of a $1.60 to $1.68 from the prior range of a $1.45 to a $1.55, primarily reflecting the strength of corporate debt issuance in the third quarter. And our expectation before the bond activity will remain strong to the year end. I will now turn the call over Linda to provide further commentary on results and other updates.
Linda S. Huber: Thanks Ray. I'll begin with revenue at the corporate level. As Ray mentioned, Moody's total revenue increased 4% in the third quarter over the prior year period. Excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation revenue grew 6%. US revenue was up 5% to $230 million while revenue outside the US rose by 3% to $222 million and represented 49% of the total. The current revenue of $285 million represented 63% of total revenue, compared to 64% in the prior year period. Looking at each of our businesses, Moody's investor service revenue for the quarter was $305 million, a 3% year-over-year increase. Excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation MIS revenue grew 5%. US revenue with up 8% over the prior year period. Outside of the US revenue declined 2% in the prior year and represented 46% of total ratings revenue. Global corporate finance revenue in the third quarter increased 32% from a year grow to $100 modern million. Revenue grew 35%in US primarily due to high yield and investment grade bond issuance as spreads continued to narrow. Outside the US, revenue increased 27% driven by investment grade and high yield activity in Europe as well as increased cross border issuance from Latin America. Global structure finance revenue from third quarter with $79 million, 17% below the prior-year period. US revenue decreased 8% with new issuance limited primarily to tariff related securitization. Outside the US structured finance revenue was down 24%, driven by revenue declines in derivative and asset-backed securities. Global financial institution's revenue of $63 million decreased 2% from the same quarter of 2008. Year-over-year revenue declined to 4% in US and 1% outside the US reflected ongoing weakness in banking sector issuance. Global revenue for the public project and infrastructure finance business increased 4% year-over-year to $62 million. Revenue decreased 2% in the US due to lower issuance in the municipal sector. Non-US revenue grew 14% with strong issuance in European infrastructure finance. Turing now to Moody's analytics; global revenue of $147 million was up 7% in third quarter of 2008. Excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation, revenue increased 10%. US revenue of $65 million remained about flat with the third quarter of 2008. Non-US revenue grew 14%, primarily due to the impact of acquisitions made in 2008 and represented 56% of total analytics revenue. Globally subscription revenues stayed about flat with $119 million, with new sales offsetting higher customer attrition resulting from market disruptions in late 2008. Software revenue grew 82% year-over-year reflecting the impact of the Fermat acquisition, while professional services revenue increased 9%. Turning now to the expenses, Moody's third quarter expenses were $279 million, 15% above the prior year period. Excluding restructuring adjustments from both periods, expenses increased by 12%. The increase was primarily driven by incremental expenses from businesses acquired in the fourth quarter of 2008 and higher accruals for incentive compensation reflecting a stronger full year outlook. Without the favorable impact of foreign currency translation, reported expense increased 18%. Operating margin for the quarter was 38.2% or 39%, excluding the restructuring charge. Our effective tax rate for the quarter with 37.5% compared with 38.4% for the prior year period. The decrease resulted primarily from a higher proportion of taxable income generated internationally and lower tax jurisdiction. I'd like to turn now to an update on capital allocation and stock buyback. At quarter end we had 1.4 billion share repurchase authority remaining under the current program. We remained commitment to returning capital to shareholders in a manner that is consistent with maintaining sufficient liquidity. As we discussed previously in the near term, we are maintaining our current dividend and curtailing systematic repurchase. However we will continue to evaluate opportunistic share repurchases as market conditions want. During the third quarter of 2009 Moody's did not repurchase shares and issued 200,000 under employee stock-based compensation plan. Outstanding shares as of September 30, 2009 totaled 236.5 million, a 1% decrease from a year earlier. At quarter end, Moody's had 1.3 billion of outstanding debt and approximately 450 million of additional debt capacity available under our revolving credit facility. During the quarter, we used a portion of our cash flow to reduce short term debt by approximately $50 million. In total we reduced short term debt by $187 million for the first nine months of 2009 and expect to continue debt repayment in the fourth quarter. The combination of debt repayment and growth in our cash position to $423 million has reduced our net debt by $364 million since year end 2008. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Ray.
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: Thanks Linda. I'll start now with a brief update on legislative and regulatory development. We continue to communicate our over state authorities at national, regional and global levels and expect increased level of regulatory activity in the near term. In the US, yesterday the House Financial Services Committee approved a bill to enhance over side of nationally recognized rating organizations or NRSROs. The bill addresses topics such as increase in transparency and accountability, strengthening the management and disclosure of conflicts of interests further empowering the SEC's oversight of NRSROs, the bill will be subject to further congressional debate as a component of the broader initiative for financial system reform. In mid September the SEC adopted rules requiring additional disclosure of information including rating histories and removing certain references to NRSRO ratings from regulation. They also voted to propose or re-propose additional rules on topics concluding the disclosure of additional information, strengthening the compliance function and removing references to ratings and other regulations. Finally the commission voted to issue a concept release seeking public comment about what would be liability standards when a rating is used in connection with a registered offering. We remained focused on playing a constructive part in the discussion of these issues with Congress, the SEC and other regulatory authorities and market participants. In Europe, following the European parliamentary vote in favor of new rating agency regulation, we continue to consult with national authorities and the committee of European Securities Regulators or CESR on the specifics of implementation. We expect the EU regulation will be effect by the second half of 2010. As we have discussed earlier, compliance efforts in Europe, the US and elsewhere will entail investment and additional costs. We currently expect to incur incremental expense in the range of 15 to $25 million in 2010, as we respond to multiple legislative and regulatory initiatives. The timing and amount of initial and on going costs remains uncertain however, as it depends on the various effective dates and final form of regulation in the US and abroad. Finally, as regulatory reviews take place in other jurisdictions, we will continue to advocate for globally consistent approaches that align with the G-20 statements and the international organization of securities commissions or OSCO framework. I would also like to comment briefly on recent allegations made by a couple of former Moody's employees. First, an external investigation conducted by an independent law firm into various claims about CDOs raised by a former employee has now been completed. The investigators found that the allegations were not supported by the facts and were without merit. In fact the investigators specifically concluded that in every instance Moody's employees acted according to established policies and procedures. These findings are consistent with Moody's previous internal compliance reviews. Recent criticism by another former employee regarding Moody's process for monitoring our municipal securities ratings was equally unfounded. We're confident in our monitoring process which incorporates both qualitative analysis and quantitative tools. Performance of Moody's municipal ratings have been outstanding throughout the credit crisis and our ratings continue to be well positioned. I'll conclude this morning's prepared remarks by discussing our full year guidance. Moody's outlook for 2009 was based on assumptions about many macro economic and capital market factors. Corporate and consumer borrowings, securitization and the nature and impact of government sponsored economic stabilization and stimulus initiatives. There is an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions and if actual conditions differ Moody's results for the year might differ materially from our current outlook. As mentioned earlier, we're revising our EPS guidance upward for the full year 2009 to a range of a $1.60 to $1.68 due primarily to the continued recovery in corporate debt markets globally. This outlook assumes foreign currency translations for the reminder of 2009 at exchange rates as of the end of the third quarter. The company now projects full year 2009 revenue to remain about flat with full year 2008. Expectations for certain areas of change based on conditions specific to those sectors and geographies. We expect recurring revenue to remain stable. Full year 2009 expenses are now expected to increase in the high single digit percent range. We now project full year 2009 operating margin in the high 30s percent range and an effective tax rate in the 37 to 38% range. Our guidance assumes a seasonal increase in expenses related to the sales cycle for Moody's analytic continued hiring in strategic areas of the business and investments in technology and administrative processes in order to create a robust platform for future growth, and to meet prospective over-site requirements. For the global MIS business, we now expect 2009 revenue to decline in the low single digit percent range. In the US revenue is now expected to be about flat to full year 2008. While non-US revenue is still projected to decrease in the mid single digit percent range. We now anticipate full year 2009 growth in corporate finance revenue in the low 30s percent range, reflecting our expectations of further improvement in speculative grade issuance and continued investment grade activity. Our revenue outlook for structured finance and financial institutions remains unchanged. We projected decreases in the mid 20s and mid single digit percent ranges respectively. We now expect revenue in the public project and in infrastructure finance sector to increase in the low single digit percent range for full year 2009. For Moody's analytics we still anticipate full year 2009 revenue growth in the low single digit percent range. We now project the subscription revenue will be flat compared with full year 2008, while we continue to expect strong growth in software revenue, largely as a result of the Fermat acquisition. Revenue in smaller professional services segment is expected to decline in the mid single digit percent range. We still project low single digit percent range decline within the US and a high single digit percent range growth outside the US, for Moody's analytics revenue. That concludes our prepared remarks, joining us for the question and answer session are Michel Madelain, the Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investor Service and Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics. We'd be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you, (Operator Instructions) we will first go to Peter Appert at Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: Thanks Ray, two questions for you one it seems like there might be some preliminary, very preliminary signs of life in the structured finance market in terms of some mortgage deals getting done. So could you just comment on what you're seeing in the structured finance markets, specifically and related to that too just sort of pipeline going into the fourth quarter. I know it's captured I guess in your guidance. But is there anything interesting in terms of the pipeline you're seeing that you can share with us?
Raymond McDaniel Jr.: With respect to structured finance specifically most of what we are seeing continues to be TALF related. We -- and we've seeing about $10 billion a month in TALF related securitization our revenue coming from that area in the third quarter was about the same as it was in the second quarter. You're correct there has been a couple of securitizations that have moved forward outside of TALF. This I think has been very much spread driven and, it's encouraging to see. But I don't think that we're seeing enough activity at this point that I would call it any kind of a strong trend in the return of securitization. I really wouldn't expect to see that until later in 2010, after we have gotten through what will be we hope and anticipate the peak in unemployment and stress on consumers for the as effect (ph) security sectors and peak in corporate defaults for the example the collateralized loan obligation sector.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: And Ray there is a commentary in the press today about a variety of issues coming out unrated. Can you just comment on that and what you're seeing in terms of any trend in that regard?
Raymond McDaniel Jr.: Sure to go to the bottom line first, our coverage globally remains consistent with what it has been historically. We have not seen any erosion in coverage or growth in unrated issuance as a percent of total issuance. That being said, we have to be very attentive to whether we're providing good value and service to investors through the ratings and research that we offer, so that it doesn't become a trend. With respect to some of the names that I think we identified in the media those names are not names that have moved from the rated to the unrated universe. There are a hand full of names globally that have never sought ratings and those names that we identified I think fall into those categories.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: Okay great thank you. And then just one other thing. The my understating is that there might have been some catch-up on this accruable expense in the third quarter, can you quantify how much that might have been?
Linda Huber: Sure Peter you're correct, on the back of -- about 10% stronger guidance for the full year and a view that revenue will be about flat for last year as opposed to where it had been and that it would be down somewhat. We did do a catch-up in the third quarter. Incentive compensation for the third quarter is 14% of total compensation and it's $25 million for this third quarter, which is up about $10 million from what we put up in the second quarter.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll move to Michael Meltz with JP Morgan.
Michael Meltz - JP Morgan: Thank you. On the regulatory side I appreciate you quantifying the expected incremental step up. Just talk a little bit about of what is that or what does that represent and is that -- I know cash out the door is cash out the door. But is it likely some of that is going to be capitalized in terms of systems you need or is it mostly kind of people and consultants?
Raymond McDaniel Jr.: Sure Michael. You're correct, that it is a combination of people and systems and the human resource we need is going to end up I'm sure being a combination of both compliance personnel and ratings personnel who are going to be working at least in some jurisdictions on a rotational basis in the future. And so we'll have to do some additional hiring in that area. On top of that more systems and technology enhancements that has to be made in various jurisdictions I'm sure some of that will be capitalizable but I don't have a break out of that for you. And I should underline my comment before that, this range continues to be a speculative. Because we just aren't sure about what the final form of new regulation is going to look like in all jurisdictions over the pace at which it's going to have to be implemented. So you're getting our best guess, but that's subject to change.
Linda Huber: Michael it's Linda. I would add that we're building into this. You see expenses were up in the third quarter and we do expect some of that to continue in the fourth quarter. We had talked about the fact that we needed to increase some of our system capabilities to deal with some of these regulatory things. So we've have also been building into this as well as expecting more expense to occur in 2010. But as Ray said timing is uncertain and we can't tell you which quarters it will hit in because we don't have the final rules yet.
Michael Meltz - JP Morgan: Okay, and then just another one, sorry to waste a question on this but Linda you're -- can you give us the percent of each product line in that transaction for the quarter please?
Linda Huber: Sure. It is not a waste of a question, no problem. We'll go through structured finance first. Transaction revenue for the third quarter 2009 was 43% of the total and 57% with relationship. For the corporate finance group because of the very heavy issuance activity, 63% transactional and 37% relational relationship, excuse me. For financial institutions group 27% transaction and 73% relationship. For PPIF 57% transaction and 43% relationship. So the total for Moody's investor service, 49% transaction, 51% relationship. Of course with Moody's analytics we see a much heavier skew towards relationship and subscription revenues, so we have 12% transaction and 88% relationship, and for the company as a whole third quarter 2009 we have 37% transaction driven revenues and 63% relation driven revenues. It's pretty close to where we were in the second quarter of 2009 which for the company is 38% transaction and 62% relationship. So relatively steady there.
Michael Meltz - JP Morgan: Sure. Thank you. And then my last question. On the buyback side can you just talk a little bit more about -- I understand the vernacular you'll be opportunistic but you're focused on debt pay down. What point given the bounce back in transaction volumes and you have been able to keep margins pretty steady. What is going to be the inflection point to make you start think more aggressively about repurchase especially at current level?
Linda Huber: As we said, we're goanna look at market conditions and see what happens going forward Michael. Obviously, we would hope to buy back the stock at the right time and I think that would be driven by if we see a significant market dislocation, if we see a what we view as an incorrect interpretation of circumstances, then some conditions like that might cause us to get back into the market.
Raymond McDaniel Jr.: And I think more broadly also, in thinking not only about the opportunistic but systematic share repurchase, that is going to importantly include the degree of improvement in overall credit market conditions, access to credit, the amount of liquidity that we feel is prudent to have on hand is subject to the environment in which we are operating. So, I don't think we could put a specific number on it but those are the variables that we are looking at.
Michael Meltz - JP Morgan: Okay thanks for your time.
Raymond McDaniel Jr.: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll go next to John Neff with William Blair & Co.
John Neff - William Blair & Co.: Quick question, just sort of the legal history. Has Moody's ever lost or settled a lawsuit? And is it a situation where -- what's your view on Moody's ability to afford, let alone lose even a single lawsuit. Is it something that you could do and carry on with the business or would it kind of set off some sort of domino affect?
Raymond McDaniel Jr.: So, to answer the first part of your question, no we have had never lost a ratings related lawsuit. We have never settled a ratings related lawsuit. With respect to litigation obviously we'd rather see less of it than more of it. We feel very comfortable and confident about our legal position on the merits and we're not concerned that we're going to have a litigation loss, but there are obviously costs too for litigation and those are an increasing part of our expense basis as we have had an increase in litigation this year. So we've got to get to a point where some of these cases are dismissed and that's going to pull the litigation cost back in.
John Neff - William Blair & Co.: Is there any expectation that you had some favorable I thought rulings in regards to the Abu Dhabi lawsuit. Any sense of I realize the legal system but any sense of timing when you might get some preliminary rulings or movement in some of the other suits?
Raymond McDaniel Jr.: I'm told repeatedly by our legal counsel that it can be very unpredictable. They point out correctly that we are subject to the court's calendar and how quickly the court wants to move forward in any of these litigations. So unfortunately, I can't give you an estimate that I think would be anything more than just a plain guess.
John Neff - William Blair & Co.: In relation to the litigation risk, any surprises out of the House of Finance Committee bill that was passed? They seem to be taking the stance so far that increased legal liability, -- defining by regulation might be advisable?
Raymond McDaniel Jr.: I think the debate in Congress is looking at -- rather than looking at liability. I think it's starting from the premise of how do we make sure there is proper -- there are proper levels of accountability for the industry. And then they look -- the process looks for ways to identify accountability and to assign that to the industry. Liability is one potential part of that. There are obviously reasons why we believe that an enhanced liability standard for this industry would not contribute to investor protection or to the independence and stability of our ratings. So we continue to make those points and we -- I'm confident that we're going to end up with a standard that is workable and that we are going to have proper levels of accountability.
John Neff - William Blair & Co.: And Linda may be two quick questions more. Could you give us the employee headcount at the end of the quarter number one, and also can you -- is there any incremental CapEx that you're thinking of for compliance under the new regulatory regime?
Linda Huber: Take a note; the first question for total headcount at the end of Q3 was about 3900 people which is just about flat from where we were at the end of the second quarter, we had a bit of a pop up at the end of last year because we acquired little bit less than 300 people with the Fermat acquisition. So, we're about flat on headcount naturally, we expect to end the year. The capital expenses more relate to some of the IT systems that we're building, some of which have overlapped with compliance John and some of which are just being used to improve the efficiency of our system for the analysts and our ability to track our processes going all the way from ratings through billing. So I'm not sure we did identify any particular CapEx further, but I think it's fair to say as you have seen that our CapEx has moved a little bit and that will continue. But again we're not a heavy CapEx sort of company and we will not be in the future.
John Neff - William Blair & Co.: Thanks very much.
Operator: Next we go to Ed Atorino at Benchmark.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company: Hi good afternoon yeah its good afternoon. Three questions; one, if you took out the 15 or 20 million of the new expenses I guess, what would be sort of the underlying cost inflation for Moody's in 2010, number one. Number two, with the surge in corporate finance, this year is do you think it might borrowed a little quote-unquote from the 2010, which leads to my final question -- I might have missed this because I got on late. Could you sort of give us your view from our high in 2010, in terms of issuance, excluding structured finance which nobody knows what's going on.
Raymond McDaniel Jr.: Sure let me answer your -- the second part of your question Ed, and then maybe I can ask Linda to help out with your -- the first question you raised. In terms of 2010 market outlook I can tell you what we are looking at I think better than I can tell you what those conditions are going to be at this point in time and I think we are looking at a reduced level of corporate default in 2010 versus 2009. That should be beneficial towards bringing credit spreads in further which would be beneficial for issuance. I do think that there has probably been some pull forward of 2010 refinancing into 2009. That's clear. But I also think there is an opportunity to bring forward 2011 refinancing into 2010. And I think the pre-financing opportunities if conditions are conducive to issuing at attractive rates are going to be there. There is plenty of debt in the pipeline to be refinanced and there are questions about timing and when those windows of opportunity will exist. But the stock of outstanding debt that needs to be refinanced and pre-financed is large. That's both in the corporate sector and in the financial institutions sector. I don't think we can expect investment grade issuance in 2010 to outpace what we've seen in 2009. But I think the growth in the corporate sector would probably be more reliant on high yield activity in 2010, and again there is a significant amount of refinancing that can occur. We have also seen some activity in the mergers and acquisitions area which we were not seeing earlier this year. If that continues in 2010 that would be beneficial. You've heard my remarks outside of the corporate and banking area before on securitization, and I think those remarks would remain as they had been. At best I think we're looking out into mid-year to see any real return in parts of the structured finance market. It would probably be after a peaking of unemployment and stress on consumers associated with unemployment. And increased confidence about the securities that are backed by either consumer loans or corporate loans and in the CLO area. And I think there are some areas of structured finance that are going to continue to struggle but those would be the first areas, I think we would look for any kind of meaningful recovery; and I think its still little ways off. Let me turn to Linda on the other matter.
Linda Huber: I think the number that Ray quoted and that we have in the script for the potential regulatory increases, it's actually 15 to 25.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company: Oh, okay well...
Linda Huber: So you're close. I think we would say we haven't given guidance yet on 2010 and we won't do that until February. But I think directionally you probably look at a little bit of expense growth. For example if the business continues to do better and we're encouraged by what we have seen, we might hope to restore our bonus funding back to a full 100%. At this point the best we can get is that may be a 20 to $25 million step up given that we've seen improvement at the end of this year, things are looking better so that number is not as far as it was as we had commented on in the second quarter. So also we would expect, we will continue to invest appropriately to support a business which is still growing nicely and so we would expect maybe some growth, but we're pretty modest about expense increases around here.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company: Two more quickies. Are the emerging markets big enough now to start moving the top line and second, do you think you can see a 40% margin in the future fairly soon?
Raymond McDaniel Jr.: Well the emerging markets collectively yes, are certainly large enough to I think, be interesting to shareholders and we have obviously activities in the emerging markets, not only on the rating agency side of the business but on the Moody's analytical side of the business and that's an important component of Moody's analytics. The domestic emerging markets are generally captured or in many cases are captured by ratings activity and research that is produced by affiliates of Moody's. We don't have a majority ownership in all cases or 100% ownership in all cases. So, that is something of a mitigant to emerging market growth. But nonetheless we are in those markets through affiliates and that is beneficial to the firm overall. The 40% margin, yes if we have some normalization of credit market activity, I think that is achievable.
Linda Huber: Ed the numbers, specifically it's third quarter on a pro forma basis we're at 39 for the third quarter and year-to-date we're running 40.2. So we're there.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And it does conclude our question and session. At this time I'll like to turn the conference back over to Ray McDaniel for any closing remarks.
Raymond McDaniel Jr.: I just want to thank everyone for joining us this morning and we look forward to speaking to you again after the next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes Moody's third quarter earnings call. As a reminder a replay of this call will be available after 4:00 PM Eastern Time on Moody's website. Thank you.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-29 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Liz Zale – VP, IR Raymond McDaniel – Chairman and CEO Linda Huber – EVP and CFO Michel Madelain – COO, Investors Service
Analysts: Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray Craig Huber – Barclays Capital Michael Meltz – J.P. Morgan John Neff – William Blair Edward Atorino – Benchmark
Operator: Good day and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company we will open the conference up for questions and answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Liz Zale, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Liz Zale: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's results for the second quarter 2009. I'm Liz Zale, Vice President of Investor Relations. Moody's released its results for the second quarter of 2009 this morning. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our Web site, at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Moody's Corporation will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody's Corporation. Before we begin I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language which can be found towards the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the act I also direct your attention to the management's discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2008 and other SEC filings made by the Company which are available on our Web site and on the Securities and Exchange Commission's Web site. These together with the Safe Harbor statements set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I should point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I will now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond McDaniel: Thanks, Liz, and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I will begin our remarks this morning by briefly summarizing Moody's second quarter and year-to-date 2009 results and update our guidance for the year. Linda will follow with additional revenue detail and operating highlights, I will then speak to recent developments in the legislative and regulatory area and finish with additional details on Moody's outlook for 2009. After our prepared remarks we will be happy to respond to your questions. Moody's results for the second quarter reflected some improvement in credit market activity, particularly the broadening of strong corporate bond issuance from investment grade into high yield. Total revenue was $451 million, down 8% year-over-year. Excluding the unfavorable impact to foreign currency translation total revenue was down 4%. Operating income for the second quarter was $187 million, a decrease of 20% year-over-year, resulting from lower revenue and increased expenses that Linda will discuss later in the call. There was negligible impact to operating income from foreign currency translation. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.46, 15% below the $0.54 of the prior year period. This included a benefit of $0.03 associated with the favorable settlement of a legacy tax matter and previously announced restructuring activities. Excluding these items from both periods diluted EPS for the quarter declined by 16% year-over-year to $0.43. Turning now to year-to-date performance revenue for the first six months of 2009 was $860 million, a 6% decrease from the first half of 2008. Operating income of $336 million was 22% lower than the same period a year ago. Diluted earnings per share of $0.84 in the first half of 2009 included a charge of $0.01 per share related to the previously announced restructuring activities and benefits associated with the resolution of certain legacy tax matters. Excluding these items in both periods diluted earnings per share of $0.85 decreased 14% from $0.99 for the first half of 2008. We are raising our full year 2009 EPS guidance to $1.45 to $1.55 from the prior range of $1.40 to $1.50, based on our first half performance. However, we remain cautious about business conditions for the remainder of the year. I will now turn the call over to Linda for further commentary on our results and other updates.
Linda Huber: Thanks, Ray. I will begin with revenue at the corporate level. For the quarter total revenue for Moody's Corporation was down 8% year-over-year. Excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation revenue declined 4%. U.S. revenues declined 10% to $137 million, while revenue outside the U.S. decreased by 5% to $214 million, and represented 47% of Moody's total revenue. Recurring revenue of $278 million represented 62% of total revenue compared to 57% in the prior year period. Looking now at each of our businesses, Moody's investor service revenue for the quarter was $310 million, a decrease of 13%, year-over-year, both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. Excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation MIS revenue decreased 9%. Non U.S. revenue represented 44% of total ratings revenue. Global structured finance revenue for the second quarter was $75 million, 35% below the prior year period. In the U.S. revenue decreased 33% year-over-year due to limited new issuance. The Federal Reserve TALF program supported some of the new issuance in structured finance markets particularly in the asset-backed securities sector, where 25 TALF eligible deals were launched in the second quarter. Outside the U.S., structured finance revenue was down 38%, driven by declines across all asset classes. Global corporate finance revenue in the second quarter increased 9% from year ago to $108 million, primarily driven by better activity in the high yield market and strong issuance of investment grade bonds. Revenue grew 15% in the U.S. and remained about flat outside the U.S., as the rebound in investment grade issuance in Europe was offset by declines in other regions. Global financial institutions revenue of $67 million was down 10% from the second quarter of 2008. U.S. financial institutions revenue decreased 17% due to issuance declines in the insurance and banking sectors. Outside the U.S. revenue was down 5% as issuance growth in the insurance sector was more than offset by a decline in the banking sector. Global revenue for the public project and infrastructure finance business declined 8% year-over-year to $61 million. Revenue decreased 18% in the U.S. due to lower issuance in the municipal sector. Non-U.S. revenue grew 22% primarily as a result of solid project and infrastructure finance issuance in Europe. Turning now to Moody's analytics, global revenue of $140 million was up 7% from the second quarter of 2008. Excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation, revenue increased 9% primarily due to the impact of acquisitions made in 2008. In the U.S., revenue declined 2% to $63 million as weakness among financial services customers resulted in higher customer attrition that was partially offset by new subscription contracts, software licenses and professional service engagements. Non-U.S. revenue grew 14% and represented 55% of total analytics revenue. Globally subscription revenue stayed about flat at $118 million. Software revenue grew 83% year-over-year, largely driven by the Fermat acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2008, and professional services revenue stayed about flat. Moody's second quarter expenses were $264 million, an increase of 4%, compared to second quarter 2008. Excluding restructuring items for both periods expenses increased 2%. The increase was primarily due to the Fermat acquisition, incremental rent expense incurred during the build out of our Canary Wharf location in London and an increase in the allowance of doubtful accounts. Operating margin for the quarter was 41.5% or 42.2% excluding the restructuring charge. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 36.4% compared with 38.5% for the prior year period. Excluding certain legacy tax matters and restructuring efforts in both quarters, effective tax rate was 38.8% for the second quarter of 2009 compared with 39.6% for the prior year period. Decrease was due primarily to a higher proportion of taxable income generated internationally and lower tax jurisdictions. I would like to turn now to an update on capital allocations and stock buybacks. At quarter end we had $1.4 billion of share repurchase authority remaining under the current program. As mentioned on our first quarter conference call, we are committed to returning capital to shareholders in a manner that is consistent with maintaining sufficient liquidity. In the near term that means maintaining our current dividend but curtailing share repurchase activities. During the second quarter of 2009 Moody's did not repurchase shares and issued 600,000 shares under employee stock-based compensation plans. Outstanding shares as of June 30, 2009, totaled $236.3 million, a 3% decrease from a year earlier. At quarter end Moody's had $1.3 billion of outstanding debt, and approximately $400 million of additional debt capacity available under the revolving credit facility. During the quarter we used a portion of our cash flow to reduce short-term debt by $80 million. In total we reduced short-term debt by $137 million for the first half of 2009 and expect to continue reducing it for 2009. The combination of debt repayment and an improved cash position of $393 million have reduced our net debt by $284 million or approximately 23% since year end 2008. And with that I'll turn the call back over to Ray.
Raymond McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I will start with a brief update on legislative and regulatory developments. We continue to communicate with oversight authorities at national, regional and global levels. Beginning in the U.S., there have been a number of developments since our last call. Over the past month the Obama administration has published a blueprint for regulatory reform and provided congress with a set of draft bills on financial system regulation. As part of the administration's legislative proposals draft bills specific to credit rating agencies was published on July 21st. The bill addresses topics such as ways to strengthen the management and disclosure of conflicts of interests, improvements in transparency in disclosure, a differentiated scale for structured finance ratings, disclosure of preliminary ratings, reducing the use of ratings and regulation, and strengthening the authority and supervisory role of Securities and Exchange Commission. The bill is now subject to congressional input as they address the broader elements of financial regulatory reform. Certain aspects of the administration's bill and rating agencies have also been the subject of existing and proposed rules by the SEC. Chairman; Mary Shapiro declared her support for the administration's bill in a House Financial Services Committee hearing on July 22. It is also stated that the commission staff is exploring the possibility of proposing additional rules regarding credit rating agencies. We remain focused on playing constructive role in the discussions of these issues with Congress and regulatory authorities in the coming months. In Europe following the European parliamentary vote in favor of new rating agency regulation, we continue to consult with national authorities, the Committee of European Securities Regulators or CESR, and other authorities such as the International Organization of Securities Commissioners or IOSCO, on the specifics of implementations. The EU regulation is expected to be fully implemented by the second half of 2010. As we've discussed earlier, compliance efforts in the Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere will entail investment and additional costs. The amount and timing of these compliance costs remains uncertain, but they're likely to grow in 2010 and beyond as we respond to multiple legislative and regulatory initiatives. Finally as regulatory reviews take place in other jurisdictions we will continue to advocate for globally consistent approaches that along with the IOSCO framework and the G20 statements. I would like to conclude this morning's prepared remarks by discussing our full year guidance. Moody's outlook for 2009 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, corporate and consumer borrowing, securitization, and the nature and impact of government sponsored economic stabilization and stimulus initiatives. There is an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions and if actual conditions differ Moody's results for the year may differ materially from our current outlook. As I mentioned earlier we are revising our EPS guidance upward for the full year 2009 to $1.45 to $1.55 due to better than expected first half performance, but reflecting our caution about business conditions for the rest of the year. This outlook assumes foreign currency translation in 2009 at current exchange rates. While our expectations for total revenue have modestly improved the Company still expects full year 2009 revenue to decline in the mid single digit percent range. Revenue expectations for certain areas have changed based on conditions specific to those sectors and geographies. We expect recurring revenue to remain stable and issuance based revenue to reflect lower overall issuance in the second half of 2009 compared to the first half. We now expect full year 2009 expenses to increase in mid single digit percent range. Full year 2009 operating margin is still projected in the mid to high 30s% range. For the global Moody's investor service business we continue to expect full year revenue to decline in the high single digit percent range. In the U.S. revenue is still expected to decline in the high single digit percent range, while non-U.S. revenue is now projected to decrease in the mid single digit percent range. We now expect structured finance revenue for full year 2009 to decrease in the mid 20s% range due to the continuation of weak issuance trends. Corporate finance revenue for full year 2009 is now expected to increase in high single digit percent range from full year 2008 reflecting strength in first half activity in both investment grade and high yield issuance. Revenue from financial institution ratings is still expected to decline in the mid single digit percent range and we still expect public project and infrastructure finance revenue for full year 2009 to be about flat with full year 2008. For Moody's analytics, we now anticipate full year 2009 revenue growth to be in the low single digit percent range. We continue to expect strong growth in software revenue primarily associated with our acquisition of Fermat, to offset declines in subscription revenue in the low single digit percent range and in professional services in the high single digit percent range. Within the U.S., we still project Moody's analytics revenue to decline in the low single digit percent range, and outside the U.S., we now expect Moody's analytics revenue to increase in the high single digit percent range. That concludes our prepared remarks. Joining us for the question-and-answer session are Michel Madelain, the Chief Operating Officer of Moody's investor service, and Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics. We'd be pleased to take any questions that you may have.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) We'll go first to Peter Appert at Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert -- Piper Jaffray: Thanks. Ray, just more on the guidance, the numbers you're offering seems surprisingly cautious in the context of the margin leverage you're enjoying currently and the momentum we've seen in the market in the first half. Are you seeing something in July specifically or something in terms of pipeline that causes you to be cautious?
Raymond McDaniel: I think probably the most important determinant for our outlook in the second half compared to the first half has to do with corporate finance activity. And the reason for our caution and I hope it proves to be cautious, is that we think that a lot of the first half activity was not only refinancing of debt that was delayed from the fourth quarter of last year or needed to be refinanced in the first half of this year, but also prefinancing, that was pulling forward debt that had not matured when windows of opportunity were available. So unless we see additional prefinancing activity from debt that would be maturing in 2010 or 2011, or new money issuance for capital expenditure and investment, I think that we are being cautious because of the amount of refinancing that we believe was pulled into the first half in investment grade in the second quarter particularly in the high yield sector.
Peter Appert -- Piper Jaffray: So you're not buying the thesis that structural changes in the banking industry are driving issuers to the debt market as opposed to the banking market?
Raymond McDaniel: I certainly think that is part of the story and there are certainly arguments and I think they are rational arguments that can be made for upside to our outlook, but I also think there are very good reasons to be cautious. And we have seen activity this year go through periods of sluggishness, and then very aggressive issuance. I expect we are going to continue to see that in the second half as well, as I said hopefully this proves to be cautious but that's the reason for our uncertainty.
Peter Appert -- Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then Linda, is there anything on the cost side from a phasing or timing perspective that would have implications for margins that might also be a function of these more cautious expectations for the second half?
Linda Huber: Yes. Sure, Peter. Couple of points to keep in mind. We have a modest increase in our second half expenses over the first half and we've said that consistently. We do have some seasonal effects in the second half we tend to have a little bit more marketing spend, conference related travel, in the second half we have slight merit-based increases which take effect, we are also watching FX very cautiously. The dollar obviously has been bouncing around and that's making that pretty difficult to predict, but we're remaining cautious and that could move against us. And we do have a bit of ramp up of IT spend in the back half of the year, some of that's compliance driven, some of it is in line with our major technology projects that we're working on. But just modestly higher spend in the second half of the year all of which is predicted and baked in.
Peter Appert -- Piper Jaffray: And then last thing and I will get off. Ray, you mentioned a sense that the SEC is working on additional rules. Any further color on that in terms of what direction they might be going in?
Raymond McDaniel: The proposed rules that they have out in the market now are associated with additional information disclosure, particularly performance disclosure, rating history disclosure. And I think that we would expect to see if anything more attention to the comparative performance between rating agencies, and to information disclosure more broadly for the asset-backed securities market, and that might not relate directly to rating agencies, but would certainly be a part of the market where we are an information user and I would expect that would be on the horizon.
Peter Appert -- Piper Jaffray: Nothing specific in terms of them addressing the issue of legal liability or pricing model though?
Raymond McDaniel: To the extent that Chairman Shapiro expressed support for the draft bill presented by the Obama administration, that bill, I think are probably aware did not call for changes in liability or in business model and pricing.
Peter Appert -- Piper Jaffray: Great. Thanks, Ray. Thanks, Linda.
Raymond McDaniel: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Craig Huber at Barclays Capital.
Craig Huber – Barclays Capital: Yes, good morning. Few questions if I could. Can you break down like I always ask, your non-transaction versus transaction revenue breakdown across your four categories in the quarter?
Linda Huber: Sure, Craig. It's Linda. I will give you second quarter of '09, and if you are looking at the sequential change from the first quarter of '09, I think the headline would have to be that our transaction revenue percentage here has actually picked up. In the first quarter of 2009 we were at 46% transaction revenue for the rating agency. And then for the second quarter of 2009 that moved up to 52% and 48% recurring. So let me give you each of the segments and I will do transaction first and relationship second. So for structured, transaction is 41%, recurring or relationship is 59%. For CFG corporate finance, it's 67% transaction as we saw an increase in investment grade and high yield issuance and 33% relationship. Financial institutions is 33% transaction and 67% relationship. And public project and infrastructure is 59% transaction and 41% relationship, which for the rating agency is I said, 52% transaction, and 48% relationship, which is a move towards the transaction side. Analytics remains pretty constant at 9% transaction and 91% relationship. So for the corporation as a whole, we are at 38% transaction, and 62% relationship, bit of a move towards the transaction side with a good second quarter.
Craig Huber – Barclays Capital: Great. And then separately can you speak if you would about your interest expense line/other collectively, it came in at $8 million higher than I was expecting once you adjust for the $6.5 million one-time item. Can you just explain why that was up significantly from the fourth quarter to the first?
Linda Huber: Sure. As we said in the script, Craig, we had a resolution of a tax matter. And probably best that we look at this once the Q is out in a little bit more detail. But the net effect of that resolution not a lot of money and it's not material but it does provide for movement both in our tax liability line and our related interest line. So the difference there, the main part of the difference there is really accounted for by that resolution of a tax matter.
Craig Huber – Barclays Capital: What was the foreign currency translation in you balance sheet items, did that impact the quarter, tends to bounce around?
Linda Huber: It did. And if you look at the other part of the line looking sequentially the first quarter of 2009, we had a reduction in that line of $4.7 million from FX or FX loss if you want to call it that of $4.7 million. And that number widened out to a loss of $6.4 million in the second quarter. So yes, you are correct.
Craig Huber – Barclays Capital: Okay. On the cost, if you could, can you break out for us how much collectively your incentive and stock-based accruals were in the second quarter? What was the same number in the first quarter?
Linda Huber: Yes. Just a second here while we find that for you. Incentive compensation in the first quarter of 2009 was 6% of total compensation. And that numbers moved up to 8% for the second quarter of 2009, and Craig that reflects that the accrued compensation as we go based on performance. And as you can see we had a good pick up in the operating income line and some of our other lines in the second quarter. So we increased the percentage there for incentive compensation, and the difference comes to about $5.1 million of increase for the second quarter over the first. And we will see how that accrual rate goes for the back half of the year. We'd also like to flag for all the analysts on the call. This year we are paying out bonuses or we would expect to pay out bonuses is something that's approximates 50% of our normal sort of targets. As performance of the company improves and particularly as we're planning for 2010, we would expect that that bonus number is going to have to pick up in the range of $40 million to $45 million. So we just want to make sure that everyone in modeling 2010 is taking that number into account and thinking about that roll forward for next year, if we are fortunate enough to deliver good results to the shareholders and to be able to do better for our employees.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, just to underscore Linda's comment, this is on a target to target basis, there would be a $40 million to $45 million increase looking at 2010.
Craig Huber – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then can you also, like Peter was asking, about your guidance, it certainly seems conservative, I mean given you earned what $0.40, clean number in the fourth quarter when the world seem almost stop, $0.41 in the first quarter. Can you talk about the bullish case of why that wouldn't actually be exceeded in the second half of the year? About the negative side, but the positive case here.
Raymond McDaniel: Sure. I guess the positive case is fairly easy to make by just describing the absence of negative cases. So far this year, we have only really seen strength in issuance activity coming out of the corporate finance sector and some parts of infrastructure finance. So the drivers of growth have been limited even though especially in corporate it has been powerful. If we were to widen out issuance activity and see stronger issuance coming out of the financial institution sector, the structured finance sector and public finance that would be certainly a boost to revenue, and we are looking more to the Moody's investor service side of the business rather than Moody's analytics where I think the possibility for significant surprises is less. Our current outlook does not assume any significant pick up in activity in any of those lines. And as I was describing to Peter is assuming that first half issuance activity in corporate finance is going to be larger than second half issuance activity because of the refinancing and prefinancing combination that we believe was pulled into the first half. So it would be on the rating agency side and it would be an uptick in activity across anyone of a number of lines which have been soft in the first half of this year.
Linda Huber: Craig, its Linda, if you wanted to usually you ask me a bit more detail on the corporate finance line, let me further pick up on what Ray was saying. If you look at it sequentially from the first quarter of 2009, we did $84 million on the corporate finance line and as we said in the second quarter we've done $107.5 million in fact. Of that the percentages investment grade is 30% of that, but high yield is 24% of that, up from 7% in the first quarter. Bank loans 6% and other is 40%. So we would love to see the high yield pace continue, but high yield as you know tends to be quite choppy and very much affected by market conditions. So if things break our way and we do continue to see increased high yield issuance that would be helpful, but again we would rather not count on those sorts of things.
Craig Huber – Barclays Capital: But is it reasonable to expect corporate finance to be comparable to the first quarter as opposed to the very strong second quarter, each of those two quarters?
Raymond McDaniel: Well the investment grade corporate finance was very strong in the first quarter. And remember that in investment grade we have more frequent issue of pricing agreements, and there is going to be more capping of fees over the course of the year. So frankly we would benefit more by continued strength in high yield activity rather than investment grade activity. And even in high yield just to offer a little bit of caution, there is some cannibalization in high yield from the rated bank loan market into the high yield bond market. Still it's very much a positive if we continue to see issuance in the third quarter and fourth quarter in high yield like we saw in the second quarter.
Craig Huber – Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Michael Meltz with J.P. Morgan.
Michael Meltz -- J.P. Morgan: Thanks. I think I have three questions for you. Ray, you spoke a lot about corporate and financial institutions, I actually think implicit in your guidance structures is the one category you expect to pick up as the year goes by. Can you talk about what you are seeing on an absolute revenue basis, what you are seeing there? And I think back in at the investor day, Andy had made some comments about market share, are you feeling better about market share? And then I have two follow-ups.
Raymond McDaniel: Okay. With structured finance, we really don't anticipate any material pickup. We may see a little bit as there is both use of the TALF program and potentially some additional issuance in the asset-backed sector on a non-TALF basis. But the bottom line is we do not expect any significant ramp up in activity in structured finance. We do have pretty good visibility into structured finance as far as the monitoring and surveillance fees are concerned. So an uptick in transaction activity there would be beneficial to us and would contribute to a favorable surprise. With respect to market share, market share in some areas is down and that is related to the use of government programs, one, which don't distinguish between rating agencies the way private sector investors might. And secondly, institutions doing balance sheet transactions where they are not trying to sell those transactions out to an investor base and so they are perhaps less concerned with whether they are holding a Moody's rating or a rating simply from another firm that can offer the rating level they are seeking. So for this period when we have a somewhat if not artificial unusual investor story for structured finance, I think we are going to continue to see some market share challenges.
Michael Meltz -- J.P. Morgan: Okay.
Linda Huber: Sorry, Mike, I was going to follow up with the breakouts if you wanted them by categories, would that be helpful to you?
Michael Meltz -- J.P. Morgan: I don't really care. Someone else might. I didn't mean that negatively. I can get it offline. My question for you, your point about bonuses or incentives, for incentives to double what type of revenue growth target would that imply?
Linda Huber: I think we would like to see the company get back to the type of revenue growth that we had seen in previous years, but I will let Ray comment.
Raymond McDaniel: Michael, we have to distinguish between what would cause a bonus or an incentive payout that would be twice target versus our return to target in the bonus plan and the accruals that we make. We discounted our target bonuses this year. And in a recovering market in 2010 and beyond we would intend to return to our full bonus target.
Michael Meltz -- J.P. Morgan: I don't know what that means, Ray. I think you used to say in a normal year you'd be accruing at 15%.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. That's approximately right. And right now we are at 8%.
Michael Meltz -- J.P. Morgan: Okay. Linda, the non-operating line, I don't think anyone really understands that. Can you just give us as you sit here today in the back half of the year what's a good run rate of expected interest and non-operating expense, please?
Linda Huber: Sure. Michael, that's the hardest line to project forward because we've got obviously a lot of ins and outs there, and FX piece bounces around. We have the expense on borrowing line would probably be one of the more consistent ones and that runs slightly over $10 million, closer to $13 million per quarter. So you can pretty much look at that one unless we make some big change in our capital structure which we don't anticipate, that one is pretty -- you're able to count on that one. Legacy tax and FIN 48 as you know we are working on resolving some of our tax matters that we had a little bit of movement in those between the first quarter and second quarter. I think the best way to describe this is that the total of that line was hit by $2.8 million between the first quarter and second quarter. And then going on we do have other pieces on this, for the second quarter, FX was $6.4 million loss, generally, as the dollar strengthens that will move against us, so you got to gauge that accordingly to what's happening. We have income from joint ventures which is a little over $1 million, and sometimes we have some other costs. So the $12.6 million that we're looking at for the second quarter, is up from the $7.3 million is an increase in expense over the $7.3 million from the first quarter, so you can take a range somewhere in there. But again that's going to be very difficult to pinpoint exactly.
Michael Meltz -- J.P. Morgan: Okay. My last question for you, I promise. Yesterday I think McGraw had mentioned their legal situation, they said they have over 30 lawsuits outstanding. Can you give us an update, Ray, however you want to address it, where do you stand on some of the legal issues, please?
Raymond McDaniel: Well the details on what we think are relevant litigation will be included in our 10-Q. I don't think you will see dramatic changes from what we have described previously. But, yeah, we do have litigation, some of it is has been publicized more than the others of it. And I would be surprised if ratings related litigation between ourselves and our competitors looks dramatically different. So that's as much as I can give you for now until the Q comes out.
Michael Meltz -- J.P. Morgan: Thanks for your time.
Operator: We'll go next to John Neff at William Blair.
John Neff -- William Blair: Hi, thanks. Linda, a question for you. We get to see a meaningful uptick in your D&A expense, can you give us an update on where you stand with Canary Wharf and CapEx year-to-date versus your full year expectation?
Linda Huber: Sure. Let me see if I can find this. Canary Wharf is approaching its end. And through the end of the year we will continue to run a double rent expense, John, which runs about $2 million per quarter, it's about $0.75 million per month, and so that runs off at the end of the year. We're getting ready to start to move about 800 people over to the new location, we're starting those moves after Labor Day, we're going through mid-October. And the team will be occupying five floors over at Canary Wharf on the terms of a very good deal that we were able to negotiate with them. So we have said that the cost for that was about $40 million to $50 million in total. And we are looking at a more normalized CapEx run rate of $60 million to $70 million going forward. We're trending upward because we are building out some system improvements that we've talked about. Some of those are just good business sense to do them. Others have some interaction with our compliance activities, so as we build out the systems we capitalize those obviously and the D&A number will move up a bit. But the bulk of it for this year, you're correct, it's been Canary Wharf, and we are almost ready to move.
John Neff -- William Blair: Okay. We are seeing that expense in the D&A associated with Canary Wharf at this point, so there is no reason to suspect there is going to be a step function up.
Linda Huber: I think that you may see a bit as we bring all of it online. But stay tuned as we get to our Q and we will talk to you some more about that, John, if that's okay.
John Neff -- William Blair: Okay. Ray you had mentioned market share and I was going to ask you specifically about RMBS, where looks like there has been some dramatic changes there, granted on very low transaction volume, but DBRS and Fitch seemingly large increases there. I was just wondering if you could speak to the dynamics you are seeing in that market in particular.
Raymond McDaniel: Well, I guess the first comment would be we are not seeing much of a market there. And so I'm not terribly concerned about the transaction or couple of transactions that have come to market. But we have changed our methodologies and our approaches to rating RMBS. I think we are well positioned with that when the market returns to a state of better health in terms of being able to persuade investors that our analysis is rigorous, robust. And so we are going to wait. And when that happens I think we are going to be able to make the case very effectively that the ratings we provide on those securities are going to be the best ratings available. So stay tuned.
John Neff -- William Blair: Great. Another one kind of related to the asset-backed market, but two recent CNBS deals in the UK, curious were those rated by Moody's and how hopeful a sign is that for the CNBS market?
Raymond McDaniel: To tell you the truth I don't know if they were rated by Moody's. I don't know if Michel Madelain who is on the phone is aware.
Michel Madelain: I think we rated one of them.
Raymond McDaniel: We rated one of the two.
Michel Madelain: I mean the way we look at those deals out there, they were very sort of a simple structure, single asset or single obligo [ph] and we see that as the way CNBS would return at least in Europe in four months we expect to see.
Raymond McDaniel: Again I don't think we are not anticipating any real strength in CNBS issuance activity in the second half of the year.
John Neff -- William Blair: And then could you just remind us as far as incentive comps and bonuses are concerned, what are the key financial metrics that those bonuses are tied to?
Raymond McDaniel: Well, for management the bonuses are tied to the operating income of Moody's Corporation, that's for the Moody's Corporation management and then operating income for Moody's investor service or Moody's analytics are the financial measures. We also have a number of qualitative measures that help to guide performance path. There is also an EPS measure for a small number of the senior executives of the firm.
John Neff -- William Blair: Great. And then last question here. Just for the record I guess will Moody's lose any revenue as a result of these prohibitions that are coming out and the regulatory reform against rating agencies advising on or structuring bond? Thank you.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, I looked at that in the draft bill and I guess there are a couple of reasons why I don't think so. But let me start with just the comment that our consulting or professional services line in Moody's analytics I think would be the only thing that is potentially affected. And a good bit of that line is in fact non-consulting activities, having to do with things like credit training that we do out of that line. So it's the smallest line at Moody's analytics and a good portion of that is in fact completely unrelated to consulting. So I'm not too concerned even if the decision is made that we cannot do that, but I don't think that, that is going to be the conclusion, I think there is going to be much of a focus on not conducting consulting activities out of the rating agency and not conducting consulting activities related to ratings out of any part of the firm. And I think we are on very safe ground on both of those points.
John Neff -- William Blair: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Edward Atorino at Benchmark.
Edward Atorino -- Benchmark: Actually my questions were answered I had to do with that other line which I sort of always ask. I let somebody else ask it. Thanks. Bye.
Raymond McDaniel: Thank you, Ed.
Operator: And we'll go to Craig Huber at Barclays Capital.
Craig Huber – Barclays Capital: Yes, Linda, I will take you up on the offer just to hear the breakdown of the structured finance revenues on the quarter.
Linda Huber: Okay. Let me find it again. My feelings were a little bit hurt here that Michael rejected the information but we will try to get over that and move on. For second quarter structured remained pretty flat sequentially, Craig, which I know you always like to look at. Total FFG was $74.6 million as compared to $72.4 million in the first quarter. And the percentage breakouts go like this Asset backed for the second quarter was 34% of that total as compared to 31% in the first quarter. So as we've said we've seen a little bit of improvement in the asset backed line and not a lot, but that's the positive there. RNBS is 19% for the second quarter as opposed to 18% in the first quarter. It's basically flat. Commercial real estate is 13% versus 15% in the first quarter. And derivatives is 34% opposed to 36% in the first quarter. And again 74.6 as compared to 72.4. So it's pretty flat. And yes, obviously, it would be very helpful to have some uptick in the structured finance line, but we've planned that we will continue to see very modest revenue from the structured finance line for the rest of the year.
Craig Huber – Barclays Capital: Before I ask you about financial institutions, in the past, Ray, you said basically in your structured finance you thought permanently going with somewhere between $200 million and $250 million of your revenues, you said 10% to 12% of ratings revenues in 2007 for the whole company. Can you give us an update on that, that number seems low to me nowadays, $200 million to $250 million. What do you think?
Raymond McDaniel: I have not done a formal update of my original analysis, Craig. But I would agree with you, I think that is light at this point. My range I guess would probably if we go back and look at 2007, total revenue for the firm of $2.26 billion. I'd say probably we're looking at more like 15% to 20%. So maybe a $400 million kind of number for the reduction in structured finance, once it gets back to a recovery condition and looks more normal.
Linda Huber: Okay, Linda, can you give us a breakout of financial institutions?
Linda Huber: Sure. Yes. Financial institution revenue for the second quarter of 2009 was $67.3 million, sequentially that's up from $56.3 million in the first quarter. As we had talked about we had seen sort of a hesitation or a postponement in seg revenues. So for banking in the second quarter we are looking at 65% of that total line versus 68% in the first quarter, so that's off a bit. Insurance is up a bit, 31% versus 27% in the first quarter. And managed investments is 4% versus 5% in the first quarter. So a little bit of movement there and a little bit of improvement, but again modest.
Craig Huber – Barclays Capital: And then while I have you about breaking down the project public line, please?
Linda Huber: Okay.
Craig Huber – Barclays Capital: I'll let you go.
Linda Huber: Okay, Craig. That's up a bit sequentially, we're at $60.8 million versus $57.4 million in the first quarter. And your favorite line here, Craig, PFG sovereign represented 49% of that total in the second quarter versus 52% in the first quarter, that's down a bit. Municipals was 9% in the second quarter versus 11% in the first. So again a little bit of a modest decrease there. Project and infrastructure moved up nicely to 43% from 37% of that revenue line in second quarter over first quarter.
Craig Huber – Barclays Capital: Great. Thank you.
Linda Huber: Sure.
Operator: And we'll go next to Peter Appert at Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert -- Piper Jaffray: Ray, on the issue of competitive dynamic, have you seen more push back from clients in the context of either playing the competitors against each other or just more sensitivity to pricing in the context of a difficult macro environment?
Raymond McDaniel: I don't think it's so much sensitivity to pricing as it is the operating conditions that have been offered to the market under these government programs, whether it's the TALF program, which requires AAA ratings or whether it's the European Central Bank program, which also requires AAA ratings it simply causes firms to have to look for a AAA and that's frankly understandable because that's how they can have eligible securities. And in addition, once they've made that determination I think naturally they are going to look for the easiest to achieve AAA. Again, I don't think that's surprising.
Peter Appert -- Piper Jaffray: It's not about pricing it's about who can give me the rating.
Raymond McDaniel: It's who can give me the rating and what are my all in costs including the overcollateralization or collateral posting that has to go along with it.
Peter Appert -- Piper Jaffray: You haven't seen the basis point fees vary dramatically this year versus a year ago?
Raymond McDaniel: No. The direct ratings cost are a very small part of these transactions costs, so that's not where the pressure is coming. It's on the ratings themselves and on collateral to support those ratings.
Peter Appert -- Piper Jaffray: Thanks, Ray.
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. McDaniel for any closing remarks.
Raymond McDaniel: Just want to thank everyone for joining us today and say that we look forward to speaking with you again in October. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Again, thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-29 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Ray McDaniel – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Linda Huber – Chief Financial Officer Liz Zale – Vice President, Investor Relations Michel Madelain – Chief Operating Officer Moody's Investors Service Mark Almeida – President Moody's Analytics [John] – Unidentified Executive
Analysts: Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray Craig Huber – Barclays Capital Michael Meltz – JP Morgan John Neff – William Blair Edward Atorino – Benchmark Capital 
Operator: Welcome to the Moody's Corporation first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Liz Zale, Vice President Investor Relations. 
Liz Zale: I'm Liz Zale, Vice President of Investor Relations. Moody's released its results for the first quarter of 2009 this morning. The earnings press release and a presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moody.com. Ray McDaniel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Moody's Corporation will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody's Corporation.  Before we begin, I call your attention to the Safe Harbor language, which can be found toward the end of our earnings release. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the Act, I also direct your attention to the management's discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 and in other SEC filings made by the company, which are available on our website and on the Securities and Exchange Commissions website. These together with the Safe Harbor Statement set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I should point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode and that this call is being recorded.  I'll now turn the call over to Ray McDaniel. 
Ray McDaniel: I'll begin our remarks this morning with a brief summary of Moody's first quarter 2009 results. Linda will follow with additional revenue detail and operating highlights, and I'll then speak to recent developments in the regulatory area and finish with Moody's outlook for 2009. After our prepared remarks we will be happy to respond to your questions.  Moody's results for the first quarter reflected some improvement in credit market activity compared to the fourth quarter of 2008, despite the broader economic downturn. Total revenue was $409 million down 5% from the first quarter of 2008 and slightly above the fourth quarter of last year. Excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation, total revenue was down 1%.  Operating income for the first quarter was $149 million, a decrease of 25% year-over-year resulting from the decline in revenue and increased expenses that Linda will discuss later in the call. There was negligible impact to operating income from foreign currency translation.  Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.38 compared to $0.48 for the prior period and included a charge of $0.03 related to our 2009 restructuring initiative. Excluding the restructuring charge, diluted EPS for the quarter declined by 15% year-over-year to $0.41. While we're encouraged by the increased level of activity, particularly in investment grade credit, certain areas of the debt markets remain largely inactive and we continue to expect only limited recovery in 2009.  At this point, I'll turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our results and other updates. 
Linda Huber: I'll begin with revenue at the corporate level. Total revenue for Moody's Corporation was down 5%. U.S. revenue declined 10% year-over-year to $209 million while revenue outside the U.S. remained about flat at $200 million and represented 49% of Moody's total revenue for the quarter. Recurring revenue of $272 million represented 66% of total revenue in line with the prior year period.  Looking at each of our businesses, Moody's Investor Service revenue for the quarter was $270 million, a decrease of 9% year-over-year. Within the U.S., ratings revenue was down 13% compared to a 5% decrease in non-U.S. ratings revenue. Revenue from outside the U.S. represented 46% of total ratings revenue.  Looking at global Structured Finance, revenue for the first quarter was $72 million down 29% year-over-year. In the U.S., revenues decreased by 42% driven by continued declines in asset-backed securities and derivatives issuance and no new issuance in commercial and residential mortgage-backed securities. Outside the U.S., Structured Finance revenue was down 16% driven by a decline in ratings European credit derivatives that was partially offset by ongoing asset-backed securitization activity reported by the central bank facilities.  Next, turning to global Corporate Finance, revenue in the first quarter increased 15% from a year ago to $84 million. Revenue grew 18% in the U.S. and 9% outside the U.S. The narrowing of investment grade spreads drove an increase in high grade issuance mainly to refinance upcoming debt maturities. High yield and bank loan activity remain very limited.  Global Financial Institutions revenue of $56 million was down 16% from the first quarter of 2008. U.S. Financial Institutions revenue decreased 26% due to issuance declines in the insurance and banking sectors. Outside the U.S. revenue was down 7% as issuance was offset by unfavorable foreign currency impact on revenue.  Last, global revenue for the Public Project and Infrastructure Finance business increased by 3% year-over-year to $57 million. Revenue was about flat in the U.S. where solid activity from utilities in our infrastructure finance sector offset lower issuance in the municipal sector. Non-U.S. revenue increased 8% due to higher levels of public and infrastructure finance issuance in Europe.  In turning now to Moody's analytics, global revenue of $139 million was up 5% from the first quarter of 2008. In the U.S., revenue declined 4% to $64 million as weakness among financial services customers resulted in higher customer attrition, partially offset by new subscription contracts, software licenses and consulting engagements.  Non-U.S. revenue grew 13% and represented 54% of total analytics revenue. Globally, subscription revenue stayed flat at about $117 million. Software revenue grew 69% year-over-year largely driven by the addition of the Fermat acquisition and consulting revenue grew 17%.  Moody's first quarter expenses were $260 million, an increase of 12% compared to first quarter 2008. Excluding the restructuring charge of $12 million, which comprised office closures, and about a 3% headcount reduction, expenses were 7% higher than the prior year period.  The increase was primarily a result of higher operating and depreciation expenses due to the Fermat and Enb acquisitions and an increase in the allowance doubtful accounts and incremental rent expense related to the build out of our Canary Wharf location in London. Compensation expenses was essentially unchanged year-over-year as benefits from the 2000 restructuring actions were largely offset by costs associated with incremental headcount added through the acquisitions.  Operating margin for the quarter was 36%, excluding the restructuring charge the operating margin was 39%. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 35.7% compared with 38.4% for the prior year period. The reduction was primarily driven by a larger portion of consolidated taxable income generated in lower tax jurisdictions outside the U.S., as well as net reductions to tax and tax related liabilities.  I'd like to turn now to an update on capital allocation and stock buybacks. At quarter end, we had 1.4 billion of share repurchase authority remaining under our current program. As mentioned on our fourth quarter conference call, we intend to uphold our commitment to returning capital to shareholders in a manner that is consistent with maintaining sufficient liquidity in this uncertain environment.  In the near-term, that means maintaining our current dividend but curtailing share repurchase activities. During the first quarter of 2009, Moody's did not repurchase shares and issued 700,000 shares under employee stock based compensation plans. Outstanding shares as of March 31, 2009 totaled 235.7 million, a 4% decrease from a year earlier.  At quarter end, Moody's had $1.4 billion of outstanding debt and an additional $300 million of debt capacity available under the revolving credit facility. Have used a portion of our cash flow to reduce short-term debt by $57 million from the fourth quarter of 2008 and currently expect to continue reducing our short-term debt levels throughout 2009.  And with that, I'll turn the call back to Ray. 
Ray McDaniel: I'll start with a brief update on the regulatory development. We continue to have active communications with regulatory authorities on both the global and regional level. Within the U.S., on April 15 the Securities and Exchange Commission held a public roundtable discussion on credit rating agencies.  The roundtable included statements and commentary from market participants, as well as academic and focused on issues of competition, oversight of rating agencies, alternative business models, the use of ratings in regulation and the SEC's proposed rules on information disclosure and ratings performance history.  The SEC has stated that it will continue to consider these and other topics, including proposing additional regulation to help assure that the interests of credit rating agencies are aligned with those of ratings users possible in the summer of 2009.  Turning to Europe, on April 23 the European parliament voted to adopt new regulation, which introduces a common regulatory approach for the registration and formal oversight of rating agencies in the EU. Broadly, the regulation is premised on the code of conduct from the International Organization of Securities Commissions or IOSCO, although it does go further in some areas. It puts in place rules that address conflicts of interest, governance and transparency of credit ratings and credit rating activity.  Examples of some of the requirements include the creation of European-based boards of directors, periodic and gradual rotation of analysts, use of alternative rating symbols for structured finance ratings, and various other credit policy and compliance requirements.  Certain parts of the regulation remain open to interpretation and the Committee of European Securities Regulators or CESR has been tasked with providing guidance and clarity on those issues. The regulation is expected to be fully implemented in the first half of 2010. In addition, the regulation also directs the European commission to provide a review in three years on the interaction of this regulation with other international developments, as well as competition and business model issues.  We are committed to working constructive with CESR and other regulatory authorities for guidance on the implementation of the regulation. We continue to be fully engaged in dialogue with regulatory authorities as regulatory reviews take place in other international jurisdictions and expect these outcomes to be globally consistent with the IOSCO framework.  Moody's supports the ongoing efforts undertaken by global policymakers and regulators to restore confidence in the credit markets in a globally consistent manner. We will continue to comply with rules and regulations adopted by legislators in jurisdictions in which we operate, and address issues and concerns that various authorities may have in our shared goal of greater market stability in the return of investor confidence.  I'll conclude this morning's prepared comments by discussing our full year guidance. Moody's outlook for 2009 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, corporate and its consumer borrowing, securitization and the nature and impact of government sponsored economic stabilization and stimulus initiatives. There's an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions, and if actual conditions differ, Moody's results for the year may differ materially from our current outlook.  While we have reaffirmed our guidance for full year 2009 EPS, we have modified other aspects of our full year guidance. Revenue expectations for certain lines of business have changed based on conditions specific to those sectors and geographies. Total Moody's revenue for 2009 is now expected to decline in the mid single-digit percent range rather than low singe-digit. This decline assumes foreign currency translation in 2009 at current exchange rates.  Our outlook does not anticipate any significant improvement in revenue until late in the year. We expect recurring revenue to remain stable and issuance-based revenue to reflect generally weak conditions throughout 2009. We expect a more constant level of expense throughout 2009 versus 2008 with full year 2009 expenses expected to increase in the low to mid single-digit percent range, a slight change from our earlier guidance from mid single-digit increase with expected operating margin in the mid to high 30's% for the year.  Our expectation for diluted earnings per share remains within the range of $1.40 to $1.50. Our outlook for full year 2009 MIS revenue still includes a revenue decline in the high single-digit percent range both in the U.S. and internationally. Structured Finance is now expected to decrease in the low 20's% range versus prior forecasts of high teens to low 20's with anticipated declines in all asset classes.  Corporate Finance ratings revenue is now projected to remain about flat to 2008 rather than decline at a mid to high single-digit rate based on our improved outlook for ongoing refinancing activity. We now anticipate financial institutions revenue to decline in the mid single-digit percent range rather than remaining flat. Public Project and Infrastructure Finance is still expected to be about equal to full year 2008.  For Moody's analytics, our 2009 growth outlook remains mid single-digit revenue growth as we expect strength in the software and consulting businesses to offset a low single-digit percent decline in the subscription business. We now project analytics revenue in the U.S. to decline in the low single digits rather than stay flat, while we still expect revenue outside the U.S. to grow in the low double-digit percent range.  That concludes our prepared remarks. Joining us for the question and answer session are Michel Madelain our Chief Operating Officer at Moody's Investors Service, and Mark Almeida the President of Moody's Analytics. We would be pleased to take any questions you may have. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray. 
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Linda, the change in the cost expectations for the year, is that strictly a function of the incremental restructuring you did in the first quarter or is there more to it? 
Linda Huber: I think, Peter, the restructuring is a large portion of it and, as Ray noted, it allows our expenses to look flatter quarter-to-quarter for the rest of the year. Also, we're keeping a very tight handle on expenses and we're watching everything very cautiously. Ray may want to comment a bit further on that. 
Ray McDaniel: Overall, Peter, as we noted in the prepared remarks, the change in our expense outlook is not significant and in fact, incorporates part of the range that we had earlier in the year. Linda is correct, it does reflect some of the actions that we've taken on the restructuring and that is probably most important in terms of changing how we expect the expenses to look quarter-to-quarter with this year having a more constant expense run rate than we saw last year.  To the extent that we've had a modest reduction in our revenue outlook for the year, that also has some affect on some of our discretionary spending and is a reaction to that continued soft environment. 
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: But specifically, Ray, you haven't scaled back hiring or alternatively have no expectations for further staff reductions. 
Ray McDaniel: Not other than what we incorporated in the restructuring, that's correct. 
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Linda, on the buyback front, I guess I was slightly surprised that you chose not to buy back stock because you've been, obviously, pretty aggressive here in the last couple of years. I understand the need to conserve cash, but you're still generating a fair amount of cash, so how do you balance that? 
Linda Huber: Well, Peter, we were pretty active last year and in the fourth quarter we bought back quite a number of shares at an average price of about 25. We planned that perhaps the stock price might have some recovery going into this quarter so we wanted to lighten up.  And additionally, our focus right now is on liquidity and making sure that we have adequate liquidity in a time when liquidity concerns have eased but it's still prudent to be cautious. Though, absent a tremendous increase in EBITDA, a rather considerable increase in EBITDA, we're going to stick with this strategy for the foreseeable future as we said. 
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Should I read that to be there for probably no share repurchase over the balance of the year. 
Linda Huber: I think we're leaning that way, Peter, unless we see some sort of dramatic recovery. 
Ray McDaniel: I think the fairest way to think about that, Peter is probably no systematic share repurchase for the rest of the year, but if we see opportunity we're certainly going to look at that closely. 
Peter Appert – Piper Jaffray: Last thing, I know this is a somewhat sensitive topic and you've addressed it to some extent in your comments, but on the European regulatory front it felt like the Europeans basically have given you, not a pass, but basically they've not imposed any changes in the business model in terms of the pricing model nor have they imposed any changes legal liability in that perspective a fairly positive outcome. Is that how you would read it? 
Ray McDaniel: Certainly, on the two points you mentioned I think that it is a positive outcome and it is constructive, not only for us, but for fulfilling our role in function in the market. But overall, the regulation is going to impose some fairly stringent criteria on our operations and it is going to engender additional compliance costs. We are going to be subject to inspections.  I have every reason to believe that those inspections will be rigorous and that we are going to have to make sure we have gotten all of the necessary compliance requirements in place by approximately this time next year. So, it is going to impose additional burdens on us. Those burdens are directly related to trying to help assure the marketplace that our business is operating conflict free and in a high quality manner. But we've got quite a bit of work to do to make sure that we're prepared. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Huber – Barclays Capital. 
Craig Huber – Barclays Capital: I have a few questions, first one can you give us a breakdown if you would for transaction versus non-transaction in your four broad categories as percentages? 
Linda Huber: Sure, Craig, it's Linda. I as anticipating your question, we'll go first to Structure Finance an this is for the first quarter of 2009 and I'll give you a transaction and then relationship, if that's okay. Transaction is 36% relationship is 64%. Corporate Finance, transaction 60% and relationship 40%, Financial Institutions, transaction 24% and relationship 76%, and PPIF, transaction 59% relationship 41%.  So, total for the rating agency is transaction 46% and relationship 54%. If you go to Moody's analytics transaction is 10% relationship is 90%, so for MCO as a whole transaction is 34% and relationship is 66%. 
Craig Huber – Barclays Capital: Is there any change to how you've broken it out in the past? 
Linda Huber: No, there's not. 
Craig Huber – Barclays Capital: Okay, and then can you comment if you would on your guidance of $1.40, $1.50 you guys historically have a conservative bend to your guidance seems like it is being very conservative here at $1.40, $1.50. I guess walk me through if you would, how could you get to the lower end of that range of $1.40, $1.45?  I mean, you had $0.41 here $0.40 in the fourth quarter, as dire as things were in the fourth quarter even the first quarter you're here at $0.40, $0.41 and annualizes $1.60 or so per share. Where is the caution at just on the top line if things do take a material turn down here in the second or third quarter for new issuance. 
Ray McDaniel: First of all, we are not anticipating a recovery in some of the significant areas of the credit markets that we participate in, and if it comes it will be late in the year. So, our revenue outlook does not anticipate that we are going to have a significant increase in revenue through most of this year. And we do have some increase in spending associated with a number of items, such as Linda described in the prepared remarks, and we're going to move ahead with those spending items particularly as they relate to things like the Fit Out at Canary Wharf and the double rent that we have associated with that.  The compliance requirements that we are going to have to meet both in the U.S. and in Europe, the increased expenses associated with the acquisitions from Fermat and Enb. So, we are looking at a, we do have a cautious outlook on revenue. I think it's appropriately cautious. And we've got some investment spending that I would characterize as being clearly strategic or necessary, and that's putting a damper on our ability to be more bullish on the EPS outlook for the year.
Craig Huber – Barclays Capital:  But it also seems though from your comments, but also from your press release, that the second and third quarter, for example, you're not anticipating revenues down sequentially versus what you saw in the first quarter. I'm trying to figure out here from your vantage point, you're saying cost level for the year I think your exact words I assume that means roughly the $233 million number you had in the first quarter.
Ray McDaniel:  We anticipate that our expenses are going to be more level than they were last year. I don't know that we can hold to what we had in the first quarter, but again the combination of cautious top line outlook, some needed spending, I think you'll hear Linda say that what we have seen on the tax side is not what we are forecasting. We just don't see at this point the opportunity to raise our EPS outlook. I hope, as you might imagine, that it proves to be conservative and that we do have to come back and do something.
Craig Huber – Barclays Capital:  And lastly if I could, could you quantify if you would, how much as you can see it right now do you think the regulatory costs on an annual basis could add to your cost base?
Linda Huber:  Craig, we've thought about it for 2009 from what we can see, we have not been able to estimate 2010 yet because we haven't budgeted for 2010. That comes later in the year. And also the regulations are at the policy level, not the procedural level. So as those come out in further detail, we'll know about this. For this year, we're looking at increase in costs in the low to mid single-digit millions of dollars number, so not that much. We do have that built into our expense forecast and into our guidance. They're not that heavy for this year, next year we'll get back to you.
Craig Huber – Barclays Capital: You're not anticipating it could be like $20 or $25 million on top of what you're putting into this year are you?
Linda Huber:  Not from what we know at this point. We wait, as Ray said, further instructions from the SEC.
Ray McDaniel:  I don't think it would be that kind of a number, Craig, and in part because as we've discussed before, the ramp up that we've been doing in compliance over the last few years and the incremental expense that we've now put into our outlook for the remainder of this year, is going to smooth that increase that we will see in 2010.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Meltz – JP Morgan.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: Ray, I like the conservatism, keep it up please. The 5% revenue decline in the quarter, I think you said FX was 400 basis points of drag. Implicit in your guidance for the year the 5% decline, what is the FX assumption? And then I have two follow ups.
Linda Huber:  Michael, its Linda, let me go through what we have as effects of FX for this quarter, and we're looking at FX remaining level for the year. So let me just take you through the quarter. The revenue impact for the company as a whole, FX represented a drag on revenue of $19.4 million, or 4.5%. On the operating income line, because we do get some of that back on expenses, the results were negligible were off about $1 million on the operating income line or less than 1%.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: My question is on the year if your guidance is down 5% roughly, do you expect the FX drag to be in that range for the year, or when you're saying you're assuming current rates? What are you actually thinking in terms of basis points to revenues?
Linda Huber:  We don't give guidance on FX and the problem is, Michael, the dollar and the pound particularly are moving around quite a bit. So I'm not quite sure would be good numbers...
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: Let me ask it this way, Linda, I would think that the FX drag is a little bit bigger than you thought it would be three months ago, so is part of your revenue tweak related to that?
Linda Huber:   I think that's fair, Michael, and we're not going to put an exact pin in that, but directionally good thinking.
Ray McDaniel:  I agree with that. It was more of a drag than we anticipated in the first quarter. And at this point it looks like it would be more of a drag going forward.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: The tax rate, which was low in the quarter, what's the expectation for the full year please?
Linda Huber:  We're guiding 38% to 39%, in certain quarters we do a little bit better than we do in other quarters and some of that is difficult to predict. So I would like everybody to stick at 38% to 39% for the year. Of course we hope we're able to do better, but we don't want to count on that.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: The expense breakdown, can you just remind us what was the comp as percent of total, excluding the charge I guess, and then what was incentive accrued at?
Linda Huber:  Incentive comp for the first quarter was 6% of total compensation and comp as a percentage of total expenses was 66%. You had another question? I'm sorry?
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan:  No, that's it, and I'm sorry, you said in your prepared remarks something about higher allowances. What is that is that in analytics?
Linda Huber:  Sure, let me trace through the expense increase just to make sure that everybody is clear on this. Expenses for first quarter 2009 were $260 million, and if you take off the $12 million restructuring charge its $248. For the first quarter last year we had $232 so the difference is $16 million. The big drivers there would be increased rent, a lot of which is the double rent for Canary Wharf, as Ray had mentioned, is about $4 million. Allowance for doubtful accounts increasing is about $2 million, Michael, and that's not solely related to analytics it's really across the whole company. That's still less than 1% of expenses, but again it's something in this economic environment we have to think about. Other represented about $4 million of additional expense, so all of that accounts for $10 out of the $16 million in the expense increase from last year.  The rest, a good chunk of that is the increased expenses for the Fermat acquisition and the Enb acquisition. So those are the basic drivers. I'd also note that last year first quarter expenses were a little bit lighter than usual. We had that insurance recovery from France and a few other things, so a little bit of a tougher comparable, but those are the big drivers.
Michael Meltz – JP Morgan: But my question about allowances for doubtful, what's an example of folks not paying you there? Sorry for the minutia of the question, but why would that tick up?
Ray McDaniel:  Insolvency of a firm.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Neff – William Blair.
John Neff – William Blair: Typically in the EU the mandatory rotation of analysts every three years, can you talk about the costs, the challenges and maybe the logistics of trying to implement that? I realize it's still early. Is there any view on how, or if, that would be implemented on a global basis?
[John]:  Yes, this is John. An example of one of the things that requires further interpretation and understanding from CESR and one of the things that CESR has been tasked with providing guidance around, certainly to the extent that we have a periodic analyst rotations that are required that will add incrementally to our costs over the next few years.  The extent to which those analyst rotations must occur, I mean for example, whether there's flexibility on the frequency, whether it applies in all jurisdictions or some jurisdictions by the size of our office in certain jurisdictions and whether it would have an extra territorial effect outside the EU. All of those are questions yet to be answered. So directionally, again, it's easy for us to identify that as a source of incremental expense over the next three, four, five years. How much and how we might seek to manage that in a way that properly complies and still minimizes the incremental expense impact, yet to be determined.
John Neff – William Blair: Based on your guidance, I'm assuming that you are not expecting much of a revival in the structured market. So I specifically wanted to just get your expectations or impressions of the TALF program and whether or not you're seeing impact favorable directly or indirectly in terms of spreads or to this point? If not, what will it take for the TALF to be successful?
[John]:  Well I think the TALF, the first two rounds of the TALF have been successful to the extent that there have been transactions that have been completed under the TALF. They have covered several different asset categories, so there has been access for the approved asset categories, and there will be additional approvals going forward.  I would expect that the TALF is going to be a useful contributor to structured finance activity, but not a bonanza for the structured finance market going forward. It will certainly be helped by the expansion of assets, but to the extent that there is a somewhat limited base of investors and that it may not be as cost effective as issuers and arrangers would like it to be, I don't think it is going to be a cure all for the structured market.  I think it will continue to build momentum, I think it will continue to be more successful throughout the year, but that is not going to be especially significant to our outlook or to the likelihood of changing our outlook, I don't think. Our first quarter fees for TALF were just under $1 million, so despite what you might read in some of the media reports, this in not a windfall for Moody's, or in my opinion, for the rest of the credit ratings industry. This is rather small.
John Neff – William Blair:  One of your primary competitors indicated that the fees that they've received under TALF equated to less than the basis point. Has there been any change in your pricing for transactions associated with TALF?
[John]:  No, but to the extent that the transactions are large and are subject to fee caps that would reduce the yield per dollar of issuance.
John Neff – William Blair:  And Linda, I was just wondering, last quarter you pleasantly surprised us with lowering your CapEx outlook for the year, just wanted to see if was still $90 to $120 million. 
Linda Huber:  I think that would still work pretty well, John. Our big expense, as you know, is the Canary Wharf filled out for this year, which is in the low $40 million. And once we get through that we'll see how we go for next year, but I think that looks relatively good.
John Neff – William Blair:  And then the question related to CapEx was the last two years it's been $266 million in CapEx, obviously a significant uptick from what it has been historically. From the standpoint of your systems and your readiness to comply with all the new regulations, is there going to be much of an incremental cost in terms of CapEx or sort of systems requirement?
Linda Huber:  An interesting question John, you could really sort of consider it either way. We need to make some systems improvements and you're seeing some of those come through the CapEx line absolutely as we build things out. Those are the right things to do and they're also very helpful from a regulatory perspective. In other words, we're able to trace through deals all the way from the rating to the billing and that's a very helpful thing for us to be able to do, both for ourselves and for our own accounting, as well as for regulatory inquiries and questions. So we have started ramping up, as Ray had mentioned, and that's part of the reason why our CapEx has moved up a bit, but that would be a component of it, you're correct.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Edward Atorino - Benchmark. 
Edward Atorino – Benchmark Capital:  On the, some of the interest expense, other stuff pretty low for the quarter, I know that bounces around a lot, but any help on guessing what that might be over the balance of the year.
Linda Huber:  Let me see what I can tell you that might be able to help you, Ed. 
Edward Atorino – Benchmark Capital:  With interest 3.3 there's some offset in there I guess, because it's down from 11.
Linda Huber:  You got that right. Our expense on borrowings is coming off a bit as we reduce our debt, Ed, so I think it is fair to say, if you want to look at interest expense first and then kind of the offset might be a good way to do it. Our expense on borrowings is about $12 million for the first quarter, but we did have an offset because of that tax adjustment, which took the total interest expense to about $3 million. And then offsetting that or an additional drag on that actually was the FX situation, and all of this nets to about $7 million of expense. Now, your right predicting that line quarter-to-quarter is pretty hard. I think our interest expense is relatively more constant and FX will bounce around depending on what happens.
Edward Atorino – Benchmark Capital:  So $12 million is interest excluding any adjustments.
Linda Huber:  That'd be right.
Operator:  And that does conclude the question and answer session. At this time, I'll turn the conference back over to Mr. McDaniel for any closing remarks.
Ray McDaniel:  Okay. Thank you very much. Before we end the call, I do want to announce that Moody's will host its fourth annual investor day on Thursday, June 4 in New York. Attendance is by invitation only but the event will be accessible by webcast and further details will be provided shortly on our investor relations web site. So again, thanks a lot for joining. We look forward to seeing many of you in June.
Operator:  This concludes Moody's first quarter earnings call. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available after 4 pm Eastern time on Moody's website. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-05 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Ray McDaniel - Chairman and CEO Linda Huber - CFO Liz Zale - VP, Investor Relations Michel Madelain - COO Moody's Investors Service Mark Almeida - President Moddy's Analytics
Analysts: Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray Michael Meltz - JPMorgan Craig Huber - Barclays Capital John Neff - William Blair Edward Atorino - Benchmark Capital Catriona Fallon - Citigroup
Operator: Good day, and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation fourth quarter and fiscal year end 2008 earnings conference call.  I will now turn the conference over to Liz Zale, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Liz Zale: Thank you, Audra. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's results for 2008. I am Liz Zale, Vice President of Investor Relations. Moody's released its results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2008 this morning. The earnings release and the presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Moody's Corporation will lead this morning's conference call. Also making prepared remarks on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody's Corporation. Before we get started, I call your attention to the cautionary language set out at the end of our earnings release. Certain statements my colleagues and I make today may be forward-looking within the spirit of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This act provides the Safe Harbor for such forward-looking statements. I direct your attention to the management's discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, company's quarterly report on Form 10-K for the quarter ended September 30, 2008, and in other SEC filings made by the company from time to time. I would also like to point out the Safe Harbor statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform act of 1995 contained in our press release issued this morning. These set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I should point out that members of the media may be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I am now pleased to turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Ray McDaniel: Thank you, Liz and thank you all for joining today's call. I'll begin our remarks this morning with a brief summary of Moody's fourth quarter and full year 2008 results. Linda will then take you through additional revenue detail and operating highlights and provide commentary on other related matters. I'll then speak to recent developments in the regulatory area and will provide Moody's outlook for 2009. After our prepared remarks, we will be happy to respond to your questions. The weak credit market conditions that prevailed throughout most of 2008 were exacerbated in the fourth quarter by the broader downturn in global economic activity. In fact, credit market conditions in the fourth quarter were the weakest we have witnessed resulting in revenue for the quarter of $404 million, down 20% from a year ago. While these results clearly reflect the challenging market conditions we are facing, Moody's performance in this difficult environment nonetheless reflected ongoing cost management efforts, resilience from the areas of Moody's Investor Service that generate recurring revenue and growth for Moody's Analytics. Excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation, revenue declined 18%. Operating income for the fourth quarter was $125 million, a decline of 41% year-over-year. The decline in revenue was made worse by increased expenses relating to acquisitions, as well as comparatively lower incentive compensation costs in the fourth quarter of 2007 due to favorable adjustments in that period. Diluted earning per share for the quarter were $0.37 and included $0.04 of dilution relating to our acquisition of Fermat, compared to $0.49 a year ago. Excluding restructuring charges in 2007, diluted EPS for the quarter declined 38% year-over-year. Regarding full year results, revenue for 2008 was approximately $1.75 billion, a decrease of 22% from 2007. Operating income of $748 million was down 34% from a year ago. Excluding the favorable foreign exchange impact, revenue and operating income declined 23% and 36% respectively. Reported earnings per share of $1.87 for 2008 included a $0.05 benefit related to the resolution of certain legacy tax matters, minor adjustments for the 2007 restructuring, and dilution of $0.04 relating to the Fermat acquisition. Excluding legacy tax and restructuring items, 2008 diluted earnings per share were $1.82 and decreased 27% from 2007. Recent credit market activity has improved in selective areas over the lows of the fourth quarter, but is mostly limited to high-grade corporate and financial institution issuance. Growth for other areas is likely to be constrained as long as spreads remain wide and risk aversion persists among fixed income investors. We believe the timing for recovery remains uncertain, and we may see interruptions in bond issuance patterns before sustained recovery occurs. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Linda to provide further details on our results and other updates.
Linda Huber: Thanks Ray. I'll begin with revenue for the fourth quarter. Global revenue for Moody's Corporation was down 20% and US revenue declined 29% year-over-year to $196 million. Revenue from outside the US was $208 million, declining 9% versus a year ago, which represented 52% of Moody's total revenue for the quarter. Recurring revenue of $283 million was up 5% from the fourth quarter of 2007, which represented 70% of total revenue for the quarter. For the full year 2008, recurring revenue grew 10% to $1.1 billion, which represented 64% of total revenue. Looking at each of our businesses, Moody's Investor Service revenue for the quarter was $254 million, a decline of 32% year-over-year. Excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation, revenue declined 29%. Within the US, ratings revenue was down 40%, compared to a 21% decrease in non US ratings revenue. Revenue from outside the US represented 50% of total ratings revenue. Global structured finance revenue for the fourth quarter was $92 million, down 42% year-over-year. US structured finance revenue decreased 57% driven by issuance declines in all asset classes. Non US structured finance revenue was down 26% from the prior year period. International trends were consistent with the third quarter of this year with declines in the European credit derivatives and commercial real estate finance lines of business, partially offset by growth in asset-backed and residential mortgage-backed securities. The growth was driven by banks securitizing balance sheet assets through the European Central Bank, the Bank of England and others. Global corporate finance revenue of $57 million for the fourth quarter declined 37% from a year ago. US corporate finance revenue decreased 45% year-over-year with the majority of the transaction-based revenue coming from investment grade ratings and with very limited high yield and bank loan activity. Outside the US, corporate finance revenue was down 23% due primarily to an absence of the speculative grade issuance and reduced levels of investment grade issuance. Global financial institutions revenue of $57 million decreased 15% from the fourth quarter of 2007. US financial institutions revenue was down 16% due to revenue declines in most business lines, particularly the banking and insurance businesses. Outside the US, financial institutions revenue declined 14% primarily driven by declines in European bank issuance. Global revenue for public, project and infrastructure finance declined 15% to $49 million. The decline of 19% in US revenue from the fourth quarter of 2007 was largely driven by lower levels of activity in the US public finance business. Non US revenue decreased 7% as strong increases in project and infrastructure finance activity in Europe and the Middle East were more than offset by difficult market conditions for other business lines and regions. Turning now to Moody's Analytics, global revenue of $150 million increased 13% from the fourth quarter of 2007. US revenue was up 6% to $70 million while non US revenues grew 21% and represented 54% of the total revenue. Within Analytics, global revenue from subscription rose 9% to $122 million, while the software and consulting businesses saw strong double-digit revenue growth driven by the October acquisition of Fermat International and customer demand for specialized consulting projects respectively. Moody's fourth quarter operating expenses were $278 million, 5% lower than the prior year period. Excluding the 2007 restructuring charge and related adjustments in 2008, operating expenses were 14% higher than the prior year period. This was largely due to incremental expenses from businesses acquired in 2008 and a fourth quarter impairment charge of $11 million related to software and database intangibles. Increase results are due to lower incentive compensation costs in the fourth quarter of 2007 when compensation was adjusted to reflect unexpectedly weak performance in the second half of 2007. Operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2008 was 31% compared to 42% for the fourth quarter of 2007. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 28.6%, compared with 33.8% for the prior year period. Decrease was primarily driven by a larger portion of consolidated taxable income generated outside the US which is generally taxed at a lower rate than US statutory rate, as well as the realization of benefits available for US based manufacturing and research activities. Effective tax rate for the year 2008 was 37%. For 2009, we expect an effective tax rate in the range of 38% to 39%. I'd like to turn now to an update on capital allocation and stock buyback. Moody's remains commit to do using its strong cash flow to create value for shareholders by investing in growing areas of our business, reinvesting in ratings quality initiatives, making selective acquisitions in related businesses, repurchasing our own stock and paying a modest dividend. As we mentioned on our previous call, we intend to uphold our commitment to returning capital to shareholders in a manner that is consistent with maintaining sufficient liquidity in this uncertain environment. In the near-term that means maintaining our current dividend but curtailing share repurchase activities. During fourth quarter of 2008, Moody's repurchased 4.8 million shares at a total cost of $120 million, and issued 136,000 shares under employee stock-based compensation plans. For the quarter, we've repurchased shares of an average price of $25.05. Share repurchases during the quarter were funded by a combination of free cash flow and borrowings. Outstanding shares as of December 31, 2008, totaled 235 million, representing a 6% reduction from a year ago. For full year 2008, Moody's repurchased 18.2 million shares for a total cost of $593 million at an average price of $32.54 and issued about 2.2 million shares under employee stock-based compensation plan. For this period, share repurchases were funded using a combination of free cash flow and borrowings. As of December 31, 2008, Moody's had 1.4 billion of share repurchase authority remaining under its current program. Moody's had 1.5 billion of outstanding debt at year end with approximately 300 million of additional available capacity. Capital expenditures for 2008 were 84 million including the remaining build out of our corporate headquarters at 7 World Trade Center and planned improvements to other facilities. For 2009, we expect CapEx to be in the range of $90 million to $120 million including approximately $50 million related to the build out of our Canary Wharf facility in London which began earlier this year. We will incur rent expense of roughly $10 million in 2009 during the build out but will realize future cost savings with this consolidation of our London operations. Before I turn the call over to Ray, I'd like to provide an update on our most recent acquisitions. Our October 2008 acquisition of Fermat International extends our offering in bank risk management software positioning Moody's to deliver a comprehensive suite of software solutions for financial institutions worldwide. Integration is proceeding according to plan and we expect this acquisition to be a few cents dilutive for 2009 overall, but anticipate it will contribute positively to earnings in the fourth quarter of 2009. Our acquisition of Enb Consulting in early December further expands our credit and capital markets training service business providing training programs for financial professionals with emphasis on markets outside the US. And with that, I will turn the call back to Ray.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I will start with a brief update on regulatory developments. We continue to have active communications with regulatory authorities on both the global and regional level. So starting with the US; on February 2, the Securities and Exchange Commission published new rules applicable to nationally recognized statistical rating organizations or NRSROs that have been approved in December. The main points of focus for these rules are managing conflicts of interest and enhancing the transparency of credit processes and rating methodologies. The commission also re-proposed additional rules initially put forth in December and provided for a 45-day comment period. The rule proposals pertained to the public availability of historical ratings information to facilitate performance comparison across NRSROs and the distribution of underlying transaction information to all NRSROs by structured finance originators which aims to eliminate ratings shopping by issuers. It's clear that there will be further discussion and debate relating to the use of ratings and regulation and the oversight of credit rating agencies. We also continue to anticipate that there will be additional hearings throughout the year as US policy makers and regulators seek to restore confidence in the stability and resiliency of the US financial system. Turning to Europe; in November, the European Commission public a revised proposal for the oversight of rating agencies in the European Union subject to review, amendments, and approval by the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union. That review process is now underway as policy makers and regulators consider potential changes to the broader regulatory regime for the financial system within the EU. The European Commission's proposal on the regulation of credit rating agencies has four broad objectives; to avoid or adequately manage conflicts of interest, to improve ratings quality, to increase transparency, and to ensure an efficient registration and surveillance framework. While timing is uncertain, we believe that it is likely a proposal that could be voted on within the current legislative session of parliament which ends in April. At a global level, we continue our effort to update the market on various steps we have taken over the past 18 months including revising the Moody's Investors Service Code of Professional Conduct to reflect recent changes to the International Organization of Securities Commissions or IOSCO code of conduct for credit rating agencies. Moody's supports the ongoing efforts undertaken by global policy makers and regulators to restore confidence in the credit markets. We will continue to communicate our messages and address the issues and concerns that various authorities may have in our shared goal of greater market stability and the return of investor confidence. I'd like to conclude this morning's prepared comments by discussing our full year guidance. Moody's outlook for 2009 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, corporate and consumer borrowing, securitization, and the nature and impact of government sponsored economic stabilization and stimulus initiatives. It is an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions and if actual conditions differ, Moody's results for the year may differ materially from our current outlook. We expect full year 2009 revenue for Moody's Corporation to decline in the low single-digit percent range, assuming foreign currency translation at current exchange rates. Given current business conditions, revenue is likely to show a modest cyclical decline from the fourth quarter through the early part of 2009. We are maintaining rigorous focus on expense management and planning conservatively for reduced issuance. Our lower revenue expectations anticipates sluggish fixed income issuance as well as financial industry challenges that will limit the near-term growth potential of Moody's Analytics. Recurring revenue from both of our business segments will continue to provide a stable base and is expected to be about flat to 2008. Full year operating expenses are expected to increase in the mid single-digit percent range including costs associated with the Fermat acquisition and rent for Canary Wharf. Excluding acquisitions, full year 2009 operating expenses are expected to be about flat, and we expect expenses to be relatively constant throughout the year. Our operating margin for 2009 is expected to be in the mid to high 30s percentage range. Company projects diluted earnings per share for the full year in 2009 in the range of $1.40 to $1.50 which includes a few cents of dilution for Fermat as Linda mentioned. For the global Moody's Investor Service business, we expect revenue for the full year 2009 to decline in the high single-digit percent range both inside and outside the US. We expect structured finance revenue to decline in the high 20s to low -- in high teen to low 20s percent range reflecting continuing declines across all asset classes. Corporate finance revenue is expected to decrease in the mid to high single-digit percent range with weakness most pronounced in issuance of speculative grade bonds and bank loans. Revenue from financial institutions and public, project, and infrastructure finance is expected to be about flat with the full year 2008. For Moody's Analytics, we expect full year 2009 revenue growth in the mid single-digit percent range including revenue from Fermat. In the current business environment, customer attrition is running above historical levels as a result of consolidation among large financial institutions and the contraction in activity in the credit markets. However, interest in risk measurement and risk management tools is elevated and is simulating demands for capabilities in other customer segments. As a result, we expect full year revenue growth for Moody's Analytics by far to be well below the historical trend. US revenue is expected to be about flat for the full year 2008, while we expect growth outside the US to be in the low double-digit percent range. Project revenue declined in the low single-digit percent range for the subscription business will be offset by strong global revenue growth in both the software and consulting businesses. That concludes our prepared remarks. And joining us for the question and answer session are Michel Madelain, the Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investors Service, and Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics. We are pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: We'll go first to Peter Appert of Piper Jaffray.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: Ray, I was hoping you could maybe dig a little deeper into the regulatory issues and give us your perspective on how you read the changes in Washington potentially impacting, how the regulatory story might unfold and in particular the changes at the SEC, is that something particularly noteworthy from your view?
Ray McDaniel: Well, clearly, we are facing heightened regulatory scrutiny both in the United States and in the European Union. In the US, we obviously have had changeover in the leadership at the Securities and Exchange Commission and I think I'm at least expecting really two paths to be followed. We will have renewed focus on our industry and our business at the SEC, and I think there will also be consideration of the role and function of rating agencies in connection with the overall review of the financial system and potential financial system reform. So, I think that really for a lot of 2009, we are going to be in a period of exploration, with additional questions coming from the regulatory authorities and additional scrutiny. I think the clear focus is going to be on conflicts of interest and our business model and are we managing those conflicts of interest in a way that is both proper and prudent, but also transparent enough that third-parties being oversight authorities or the market itself can reach a comfortable judgment that we are performing our business properly. That's really where I see the focus in 2009 and it's going to go on for awhile.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: I guess the issue is the SEC to-date, it appears from the outside has been the recommendations they've made specifically have been relatively benign would be my interpretation as it relates to the economics of your business model. I'm wondering given the criticism, the agency has been under, does that translate into them taking a more aggressive stance versus what they've been doing in terms of how they approach you guys?
Ray McDaniel: Well, I do think they are going to take an aggressive position in looking at the business. I think they have done so with their inspection process last year frankly, but I certainly don't expect any let up on that. I also though think that they are going to in looking at us, going to consider the arguments and points of view that explain what is most constructive for this industry and for operating the business and I think they will look at that in a rational manner and reach rational conclusions.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: Okay and just two other things. One, can you give us any color on specifically what you are seeing in January in terms of momentum in different categories? And two, whether you are seeing any push back from clients from a pricing standpoint?
Ray McDaniel: Just to tackle the second first, we have been, I think, appropriately conservative in changing prices for 2009. It is a difficult environment for many, many institutions that are operating in the capital markets and I think that, I think that it would be inappropriate for us to try to be too aggressive with pricing for the year. So, we are being cautious with that and we are aware of the market conditions that we are operating under. Where we provide value that we feel that we may not be being paid appropriately for, we do seek to increase prices just to match the value that is being provided. So, there are some price increases. They are not aggressive. With respect to issuance activity in January, I think, probably many listeners on the call have seen some of the articles that talk about high volumes of issuance coming out of the high-grade market, the higher end of the investment grade market and we certainly are seeing that as well. I would make two comments around that though. First of all, last January, we also saw good issuance in the high-grade markets. So, this issuance activity is not coming against a weak first month of 2008. It's actually coming against a fairly strong first month of 2008. And secondly, we are not seeing a lot of activity at the speculative grade end of the ratings scale or in bank loan activities. So, it is an active market within a narrow slice of what we would normally be seeing in fixed income issuance limited really to the high-grade industries and utilities.
Peter Appert - Piper Jaffray: Thanks, Ray.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Michael Meltz at JPMorgan 
Michael Meltz - JPMorgan: Thanks. On Peter's question, Ray that you just answered there, in your commentary on guidance you said, I think you actually said Q1 revenues might be down versus Q4. Can you talk a little bit more about that? I don't really understand why they might. What cyclical issue was there given that Q4 transaction revenues were probably the trough of the cycle? And then secondly, Linda, when you ran through your numbers, I think you said you took an $11 million impairment charge. Could you just clarify what that was, where it's showing up in your numbers? And then I have one follow-up.
Ray McDaniel: Sure. I think the story for our expectations early this year versus the fourth quarter of last year really are built around two ideas. First of all, we are not seeing any kind of broad-based market recovery versus the fourth quarter. As I said to Peter Appert, we do see strength in a slice of the market represented by the high-grade industrial sector. But we are not seeing the recovery at the lower end of the rating spectrum. So, that leads to the question of, well, what is cyclically down versus the fourth quarter of last year, and the answer there is really the structured finance market particularly on the international side. That is a typical cyclical phenomenon. We expect to see it again but as a result we do not expect to see structured finance internationally produce the same kind of revenue early this year that it did in the fourth quarter last year.
Linda Huber: And Michael, it's Linda. On your question on the $11 million charge that I mentioned, that falls within Moody's Analytics. It's in the software and databases area of the business and you can also see that it runs through the depreciation and amortization line and again that's an $11 million charge for the fourth quarter.
Michael Meltz - JPMorgan: So, what's the D&A run rate in '09, please?
Linda Huber: The D&A run rate in '09, it's kind of a squishy number, Michael because a lot of things moving in and out, but we are kind of thinking sort of $60 million to $70 million for '09.
Michael Meltz - JPMorgan: On the OPEX side, in terms of staffing, how are you viewing your current staffing levels in terms of if we do see some issuance pick up, what's the estimate of flow through to profits? Do you think incentives will go up but that's about it or are there other costs we should consider?
Linda Huber: You got about three questions in there. We can talk about the number of people. We'll talk about what we will do if we see an uptick, and then maybe Ray can talk a little bit about the flow through. We finished the end of the year 2008 without acquisitions, about flattened headcount to 2007. It's about 3,600 people. However with the acquisitions that we bought, we added about 350 people and finished the year at 3,950 employees approximately. So given those additions, I think we feel we are in pretty good shape for any kind of pick up that we might have in the near-term. On the incentive comp line, Michael, we would expect that next year we would keep it about where it is for this year. We full year realize that this forecast is a modest one and we would not see a lot heavier loading of incentive compensation unless we see an increase in performance. And if we do, of course, incentive compensation will move up but we would suggest that people look at the incentive comp line and the stock comp line it's being about the same in 2009 as in 2008. And I'll let Ray talk about the revenue piece of that.
Ray McDaniel: Yeah. The reaction that we would have to make to in improvement in market activity, it really depends on where that improvement is coming from. I expect that improved market activity will be principally on the fundamental side of the business, company's municipalities and that improvement will come as the markets eventually work their way down the risk spectrum and investors become somewhat less risk adverse. That would not lead to an immediate need to add any significant numbers of personnel, because we already have the people onboard for most of the credits that would be going into market, monitoring existing debt that is outstanding. So, we have some room with the recovery in the market of that sort to have people that are already with the company look at new debt issuance activity. If there were unexpectedly in my opinion, a significant recovery in certain areas of the structured finance market, I think that we would have to look more aggressively at moving people back into structured finance or bringing people in from the outside in structured finance in order to accommodate increased transaction activity. So, it is a little bit dependent on where a recovery would come from and how steep that recovery is and we are not expecting a V-shaped recovery this year.
Michael Meltz - JPMorgan: Okay. Linda, Fermat, what was the revenue contribution in the fourth quarter and what is in guidance?
Linda Huber: The guidance for Fermat is subsumed in the software section of Moody's Analytics for 2009, and we're not breaking out a specific revenue contribution for Fermat for fourth quarter of 2008.
Michael Meltz - JPMorgan: Okay, are you breaking it out for '09?
Linda Huber:  It's going to be within the software segment of Moody's Analytics as I said. Maybe somewhat more helpfully Michael, it is the majority of the software segment of Moody's Analytics.
Michael Meltz - JPMorgan: Okay. Great, thank you.
Linda Huber: Sure.
Operator: We'll go next to Craig Huber at Barclays Capital.
Craig Huber - Barclays Capital:  Yes. Good morning, thank you. First question; like you usually do, can you break out for us the transaction versus non-transaction contribution across your four segments within the ratings business, those percentages, please?
Linda Huber: Sure, Craig. Do you want the fourth quarter, do you want the full year?
Craig Huber - Barclays Capital: Please do the fourth quarter and the year.
Linda Huber: Okay. Well, we'll start with the fourth quarter then and I'll start with structured finance and as I read these numbers, the first will be transaction and the second will be relationship. So, for the fourth quarter structured finance transaction revenues were 45% of that revenue total and relationship were 55%. Corporate finance transactions 39%, relationship 61%; financial institutions were 23% and 77%, and public project and infrastructure were 52% and 48%. So, the arithmetic sum there for the rating agency, it moved to 40% transaction and 60% relationship. Now for Moody's Analytics the numbers skew a little bit differently. The transaction percentage is 12% and the relationship percentage is 88%. So, again the weighted average for the company as a whole for the fourth quarter of 2008, 30% transaction, 70% relationship which is the most skewed toward relationship we've seen in a while. Now for the full year 2008, running through the same numbers, structured finance 51% transaction, 49% relationship for the year, corporate was 53% and 47%, financial institution 33% and 67% and PPIF 59% and 41%. So for the rating agency for the whole for the year, we were split about evenly transactions were 49%, relationship is 51%. Again, Moody's Analytics is much more toward relationship. Its transaction revenues were 9%, relationship was 91%. And so for the full year, we were 36% transactions and 64% relationship. You see as we're moving later in the year, we are skewing more toward relationship revenue.
Craig Huber - Barclays Capital: Yeah, I appreciate that. This Fermat acquisition, I know everybody is frustrated with this, but none of us seem to know what the revenues and the costs are; all we seem to know here is it is $0.04 dilutive in the quarter. Can you give us any sense of perhaps in that D&A number you mentioned 60 to 70 million next year? How much of that do you think is going to come from Fermat?
Linda Huber: I don't think we were planning to go there to break out Fermat mainly Craig and I'm sorry if we are frustrating you and others. We report Moody's Analytics as the software business, the consulting business, and the subscription business. So Fermat really wouldn't be identified uniquely as part of that. Maybe we can ask Mark Almeida to comment just a little bit on the nature of the business.
Mark Almeida: The Fermat business as Linda said is being rolled into the overall software segment within Moody's Analytics, and that is, that's going to become a much more significant part of the overall business of Moody's Analytics. It'll still be much smaller than the subscription segment, which represents at this stage about 80% of total revenue. But, the idea here is to put together the existing software assets and capabilities that we have within analytics, put them together with the capabilities that Fermat brings us and as a result of that we're going to be able to offer a much wider range of software solutions to banks around the world. So, much like the other acquisitions that we've done within the Analytics business over the last couple of years, we're rolling Fermat into the software segment, and we won't continue to report out results for that individual business.
Craig Huber - Barclays Capital: What I'm confused about Linda is, you mentioned I think software was mostly all this Fermat acquisition. But a year ago, it was 13.7 million according to your press release here?
Linda Huber: Yeah. We picked up some revenue in the fourth quarter for Fermat. We're going through revenue recognition process and accounting conversion process that's pretty complicated. So, again we're not trying to be particularly tricky here, Craig. I think the number that we had given with respect to revenue for Fermat to be $70 million in 2010 when we get this thing on a steady state revenue basis. So, I think we'd really rather leave it at that if that's okay.
Craig Huber - Barclays Capital: If I could just ask how confident are you that it was better to buy Fermat as opposed to perhaps that roughly $200 million to buy back? It would have been roughly 4% of your shares outstanding at this level $20 to $23 a share and how confident are you this is actually going to work?
Ray McDaniel: This is Ray. I think we feel very good about it. The early indications are that the performance in the firm is going to be as expected. The integration is going well and in looking at ways to grow the Moody's Analytics business having a preempt set of products and services that we can offer in the way of software analytics around risk measurement and risk management coming out of this financial crisis seems to us to be exactly where we want to be positioned. So, I would do this again in a second if we had to do it over.
Linda Huber: Craig, to follow on to that, we feel we bought this business at an attractive price given its run rate. Its margin will be very similar to the rest of analytics. We're not in the business of buying businesses that are going to bring down our margin over the long run and we do feel quite comfortable with how it's performing so far.
Craig Huber - Barclays Capital: Great. Thank you for the answers.
Operator: We'll go next to John Neff with William Blair.
John Neff - William Blair: Hi, thanks. Just following up on some of the Fermat questions, it's a software model. Is that typically an upfront license-based model?
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, it's almost. It is exclusively an upfront license sale. There is a small amount of annual maintenance associated with the licenses out into the future, but then it's primarily a large upfront fee in the first year of the license.
John Neff - William Blair: Okay. And Linda, I don't know if you have these numbers in front of you, but I assume they will be in the K, but to break the operating margins by MIS versus Analytics in 2008, do you have that handy?
Linda Huber:  Yes. Would you like the quarter, would you like the year?
John Neff - William Blair: Yes.
Linda Huber: Okay.
Ray McDaniel: Moody's, I got it in front of me, Linda. Moody's Investors Service for the year was 47% GAAP operating margin and the Moody's Analytics was 27%.
John Neff - William Blair: Thanks. And maybe Ray, maybe talk about your view about some of the possible proposals that are floating around vis-à-vis the so called bad bank or the TALF, what those might mean in your view on the efficacy of that kind of a proposal?
Ray McDaniel: Well, I guess in the case of both the bad bank proposal and the TALF, I would view those as being helpful to our business really to the extent that they are helpful in stabilizing markets and restoring investor confidence. I don't see a significant direct revenue opportunity that's going to come from either one of those. But to the extent that we have banks lending again and to the extent that we have investors with greater degree of confidence, and the demand from the investors side is matched by the demand from those seeking capital in the markets right now, that obviously is going to be a benefit for not only our business but everybody else in the market. So, the direct consequences I would not say are material. The indirect consequences could be very material.
John Neff - William Blair: And regarding the frequent issuer pricing caps, really there's a point to say but how frequently were those reached in 2008, and is there any if there's unused capacity in 2008, does that roll forward into 2009 or does it stop at the year?
Ray McDaniel: It does not roll forward into 2009, and I don't know up on top of my head the percentage of institutions that hit caps under frequent issuer pricing program. It is generally speaking the larger investment grade industrials and financial institutions that have those. To the extent that they were more active in the market last year than other institutions that would indicate a reasonably high percentage were hitting caps, but I don't have a specific number for you.
John Neff - William Blair: And lastly, well, two quick last ones here for Linda. Could you just a little bit more color on the $11 million impairment that ran through D&A in the fourth quarter and also the CapEx guidance $90 million to $120 million in '09, was that a reduction from, I thought, it was that you were expecting more like a $150 million, $160 million? Thank you.
Linda Huber: Yeah. John, we're going to not say anything further about $11 million, not a huge number and it is what it is. Yes, we had set as high as $150 million for CapEx for '09, but as we've gotten more definitive expenses regarding Canary Wharf, which is a big part of this, we are comfortable with the title range that we gave earlier. We think Canary Wharf will primarily take the first three quarters of this year as we said. During that time we will have the $10 million double rent expenditure. That will go through the whole year. As we said, we expect that costs will be lower in Canary Wharf.  So, that's the same reason for the CapEx rate. We would expect that the CapEx rate after we get down to Canary Wharf would come down to something more typically like $60 to $70 million. But we are having additional capitalized costs on our systems projects and so you'll see a little bit of an increase from the previous years in the normalized run rate.
John Neff - William Blair: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll move to, Edward Atorino at Benchmark Capital.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark Capital: Hi. Good morning. Could you discuss the decline in interest and non-operating income from $19.8 million to $1.1 million?
Ray McDaniel: Sure. I'm going to ask Linda to do that, Ed.
Linda Huber: Ed, we realize there is some tricky ins and outs in this line for the quarter, but let us just say that the biggest components here are that we borrowed some money and obviously the expense on those borrowings has moved up a bit. So, we have an increase there but that has been pretty well offset by FX gain of about $15 million in the fourth quarter.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark Capital: Excuse me, did you say 15?
Linda Huber: Yes, 15.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark Capital : 15. Thank you very much.
Linda Huber: And that's mainly the weakening of the British pound and the re-strengthening of the dollar has helped us there.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark Capital: And is there a normal level one can project for '09 or is that just bounce around randomly?
Linda Huber: Ed, if we could predict FX rates exactly, we'd probably do something else, but I think on that you want to look at the forward curves and maybe your guess is as good as ours.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark Capital: So, if we take out FX, may we use that as a run rate?
Ray McDaniel: No. We built the guidance around foreign exchange at current rates. And so, I think that's the best thing for you to go back and work with, Ed.
Linda Huber: I think you can look at the interest expenses being pretty much a reasonable run rate going forward.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark Capital: So, then interest would be the bulk of the $60 million and change.
Linda Huber: Yes, absolutely correct.
Edward Atorino - Benchmark Capital: I can add those two. Thanks.
Linda Huber: Good.
Operator: We'll go next to Catriona Fallon at Citi.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup:  Yes. Hi, thanks for taking the call. A lot of my questions have been answered, but so the guidance for D&A is now $60 to $70 million, what does that mean as far as how much of Q4's depreciation was one-time in nature?
Linda Huber: In Q4, the biggest components of the non-comp expense line were professional fees which were up a bit, rent which was off a bit and then depreciation and amortization which ran about three times what we had last year in Q4. So, I would say that about half of the approximately $30 million of D&A Catriona would be one time if I have to say roughly.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup: Okay, great and then thank you very much for giving us the operating margins for Analytics versus Investor Services. Can you give us a sense for what we might see if revenues actually exceed your current projections that's kind of down low single digits? So what's really the incremental margin if we see upside on issuance?
Ray McDaniel: I can't give you a number Catriona, not because I have a number that I don't want to give, but I don't have a number because it really depends on the mix, and if we see recovery coming from areas where again, we have installed resources in the form of analysts and analytic team, we would have more of a benefit than if it comes in areas of, such as securitization or growth in certain international markets where we may not have full analytics teams built out. So, it's going to depend on the mix. Obviously, I think the margins would go up with increased top line activity, but the amount is unknown.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup: Right. And also, so essentially the guidance is that operating margins come down about 500 basis points next year. How much of that do you think is due to the fact that the Analytics business being a 27% margin business is now becoming a larger portion of the total revenue for the company?
Ray McDaniel:  Yeah. That is definitely one of the components. The fact that we expect some modest decline in overall revenue is another component. And we do have some expenses associated with regulatory compliance both in the US and in Europe, and then technology project investments that are adding to the expense side of the equation in addition to Moody's Analytics and whatever happens on the top line.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup: Perfect. That's all I had. Thank you.
Ray McDaniel: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Craig Huber of Barclays Capital.
Craig Huber - Barclays Capital:  Yes, I have a follow-up question on Fermat. Sorry, I need to go back this again. You said that Fermat a year ago obviously wasn't a number just $13.7 million of revenues in software and $19.1 million this year. If you assume the underlying software is down say roughly 10% just to round down the $12 million that spread versus the $19 million you've reported this year is obviously $7 million maybe add roughly another million for the eight days or so you didn't have it in the quarter. That put the revenues are roughly $8 million for Fermat in the quarter. Am I thinking that even remotely closed and that seems like a very low number roughly $30 to $32 million annualized or is there some seasonal about the business?
Linda Huber: You are in the right code but you're getting into some complexities here with revenue recognition and the way that this business is coming on and as John Neff had discussed with Mark, this is a subscription business and a license business. So, you can't use that result as a way to extrapolate very accurately Craig. And I'm sorry if that's a frustration for you, but once we get a run rate that we're comfortable with. We promise we will let you know what the software run rate should be maybe hopefully as soon as in the next quarter call.
Craig Huber - Barclays Capital: I appreciate that. You did say, I thought you said $70 million thinking for maybe 2010. Is that correct?
Linda Huber: Yes, we had put out that number in fact, I believe when we acquired the business.
Craig Huber - Barclays Capital: No change in that thought there?
Linda Huber:  No.
Craig Huber - Barclays Capital: No change in anything on the expense front that investors should be aware?
Ray McDaniel: No, that’s correct.
Linda Huber: No.
Craig Huber - Barclays Capital: Okay. Very good, thank you.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks Craig.
Operator: And that does conclude our question and answer session. Mr. McDaniel., I'll turn the conference back over to you for any closing remarks.
Raymond McDaniel: Okay. Thank you very much. This concludes the earnings call and I'd like to remind everyone that a replay of this call is available after 4:00 P.M. today on our website. So, thank you all again for joining us.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Again thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-29 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Westlake – Vice President, Investor Relations Raymond W. McDaniel – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Moody’s Corporation Linda S. Huber – Chief Financial Officer, Moody’s Corporation Michael Madelain – Chief Operating Officer, Moody’s Investors Service
Analysts: Michael Meltz – JP Morgan Craig Huber – Barclays Capital Peter Appert – Goldman Sachs Catriona Fallon – Citigroup Investment Research John Neff – William Blair & Co. Charles Murphy – Morgan Stanley Edward Atorino – The Benchmark Company
Operator: Welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the conference over to Lisa Westlake, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Lisa Westlake:
 : Before we get started, I call your attention to the cautionary language set out at the end of our earnings release. Certain statements my colleagues and I make today may be forwardlooking within the spirit of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This act provides the safe harbor for such forwardlooking statements. I direct your attention to the management discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2007, and in other SEC filings made by the company from time to time. I would also like to point out the safe harbor statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform act of 1995 contained in our press release issued this morning. These set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forwardlooking statements. I should point out that members of the media might be on the call this morning in a listenonly mode. I am now pleased to turn the call over to Ray McDaniel. 
 : Before we get started, I call your attention to the cautionary language set out at the end of our earnings release. Certain statements my colleagues and I make today may be forwardlooking within the spirit of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This act provides the safe harbor for such forwardlooking statements. I direct your attention to the management discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2007, and in other SEC filings made by the company from time to time. I would also like to point out the safe harbor statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform act of 1995 contained in our press release issued this morning. These set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forwardlooking statements. I should point out that members of the media might be on the call this morning in a listenonly mode. I am now pleased to turn the call over to Ray McDaniel. 
 : Before we get started, I call your attention to the cautionary language set out at the end of our earnings release. Certain statements my colleagues and I make today may be forwardlooking within the spirit of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This act provides the safe harbor for such forwardlooking statements. I direct your attention to the management discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2007, and in other SEC filings made by the company from time to time. I would also like to point out the safe harbor statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform act of 1995 contained in our press release issued this morning. These set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forwardlooking statements. I should point out that members of the media might be on the call this morning in a listenonly mode. I am now pleased to turn the call over to Ray McDaniel. 
Ray McDaniel: I will begin our prepared remarks this morning with a brief summary of Moody's third quarter results. Linda will then take you through the quarter's operating highlights, provide some commentary on revenues and expenses and update you on our share repurchase program and our latest acquisition. I will then review recent developments in the regulatory area and finish with Moody's outlook for 2008. After that, we will be happy to respond to your questions The disruptions and uncertainty in the financial markets worsened materially in September, undermining credit market activity across all asset classes and spreading into areas that have been relatively active earlier in the year. Moody's results in the third quarter were adversely impacted by the credit market freeze, which drove global nongovernment debt issuance for the month of September down more than 40% from already depressed levels a year ago. Revenue for the quarter was $433 million, down 17% from a year ago. Strength in public and infrastructure finance and growth from Moody's Analytics was more than offset by extremely limited issuance of structured finance securities and speculative grade bonds and bank loans.  Operating income for the third quarter was $190 million, a decrease of 24% yearoveryear. Excluding the positive impact from foreign currency translation, revenue and operating income decreased 19% and 28%, respectively. Recurring revenue and our ongoing cost management efforts continue to reduce the impact of weak issuance conditions on overall performance. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.46, down 10% compared to $0.51 a year ago. Excluding primarily legacy tax matters, diluted EPS for the quarter declined 12% to $0.45.  Turning now to yeartodate performance, revenue for the first nine months of 2008 was approximately $1.4 billion, a decrease of 23% from the first nine months of 2007. Operating income of $623 million was down 32% from the same period a year ago. Excluding the positive impact of foreign currency translation, revenue and operating income declined 25% and 35%, respectively. Reported yeartodate earnings per share of $1.49 included a benefit relating to the resolution of certain legacy tax matters and adjustments made in 2008 related to the 2007 restructuring. Excluding these items, diluted earnings per share decreased 24% to $1.44 for the first nine months of 2008. In recent weeks, the financial system has experienced significant additional turmoil as core problems in credit have been amplified by a much wider crisis in confidence and deceleration in macroeconomic activities. A range of global responses have been initiated to contain the damage. While we expect that these efforts will help stabilize markets, timing for recovery remains uncertain and has probably been extended.  Globally, a reduction of debt issuance has resulted from historically wide interest spreads that cause many issuers to delay transactions. Spreads for investment grade industrial debt are approaching levels not seen since the 1930s, while spreads over U.S. Treasuries for speculative grade debt reached a record 1600 basis points in midOctober. In light of these recent developments, we have revised our guidance down for the full year 2008 earnings per share to a range of $1.71 to $1.77 excluding legacy tax matters, 2007 restructuring adjustments, and the Fermat acquisition. I will further discuss our revised outlook later in the call. At this point, I will turn the call over to Linda to provide more details on our financial results and other updates.
Linda Huber: I will begin with revenue for the third quarter. Moody's U.S. revenue declined 29% yearoveryear to $218 million. Revenue from outside the U.S. was $215 million, about flat with a year ago, and represented 50% of Moody's total revenue for the quarter. Recurring revenue of $268 million was up 8% from the third quarter of 2007 and represented 62% of total revenue for the quarter. For the first nine months of 2008, recurring revenue grew 12% to $807 million, representing 60% of total revenue. Focusing on details by business segment, I will start will the ratings business. Moody's Investors Service revenue for the quarter was $297 million, a decline of 27% yearoveryear. Excluding the favorable impact of foreign currency translations, revenue was lower by 29%. U.S. ratings revenue was down 38% compared to a 10% decrease in nonU.S. ratings revenue. Revenue from outside the U.S. represented 48% of total ratings revenue. Global structure finance revenue for the third quarter was $98 million, down 50% yearoveryear. U.S. structured finance revenue decreased 65% due to issuance declines led by residential mortgage-backed securities, commercial real estate finance and derivatives. NonU.S. structured finance revenue was down 25% from the prior year period. Declines in the European credit derivative and commercial real estate and financial sectors better partially offset by growth in assetbacked and residential mortgagebacked securities as banks took advantage of favorable arrangements with the European central bank by securitizing balance sheets. Global corporate finance revenue of $75 million for the third quarter declined 19% from a year ago. U.S. corporate finance revenue decreased 22% yearoveryear led by a significant decline in bank loan ratings and a decrease in investment grade issuance to levels last seen in 2005. Outside the U.S., corporate finance revenue was down 14%, due primarily to declines in revenue from speculative grade bond and bank loan ratings. Global financial institutions revenue of $64 million increased 2% from the same quarter of 2007. U.S. financial institutions revenue was down 10%, as revenue declines in the insurance and finance and securities sectors more than offset growth in the banking and managed investment sector. However, outside the U.S., financial institutions revenue grew 12%, primarily due to higher revenue from European bank ratings.  Global revenue for public project and infrastructure finance increased 11% to $60 million. U.S. revenue for these sectors increased 3% from the third quarter of 2007, with solid doubledigit growth in revenue from U.S. municipal ratings. NonU.S. revenue rose 30% driven by increased project and infrastructure finance activity, primarily by European utilities. Turning now to Moody's Analytics, global revenue of $137 million increased 14% from the third quarter of 2007. Excluding the positive impact of foreign currency translation, revenue grew by 12%. U.S. revenue was up 7% to $65 million, while nonU.S. revenues grew 20% and represented 52% of total revenue.  Within Analytics, global revenue from subscriptions rose 10% to $119 million, while both software and consulting businesses saw strong doubledigit revenue growth driven primarily by software licensing fees and consulting projects for customers outside the U.S.  Turning now to expenses, Moody's third quarter operating expenses were $244 million, 11% lower than the prior year period. We continue to manage the business prudently and maintain rigorous control of nonessential costs. Lower incentive and stockbased compensation expense positively impacted these results.  Nonoperating expense for the quarter included a onetime benefit of approximately $5 million, or be $0.01 per share, relate to resolution of certain legacy tax matters. Operating margin for the third quarter of 2008 was 43.8%, 390 basis points lower than the third quarter of 2007. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 38.6%, compared with 43.3% for the prior year period. The decrease was due primarily to a larger portion of consolidated taxable income being generated from outside the U.S., which is taxed at a lower rate than the U.S. statutory rate, and the realization of credits and deductions available for U.S.based manufacturing and research activities. I would like to turn now to an update on capital allocations and stock buybacks. Moody's remains committed to using its strong cash flow to create value for shareholders by investing in growing areas of our business, reinvesting in ratings quality initiatives, making selected acquisitions in related businesses, repurchasing our own stock, and paying a modest dividend.  Although transaction revenue has declined this year due to lower issuance, Moody's recurring revenue continues to generate significant and stable cash flow. We intend to continue returning capital to shareholders in a manner that is consistent with maintaining sufficient liquidity in this uncertain environment.  During the third quarter of 2008, Moody's repurchased 4.2 million shares at a total cost of $145 million and issued 394,000 shares under employee stockbased compensation plans. For the quarter, we repurchased shares at an average price of $34.25. Share repurchases during the quarter were funded primarily from free cash flow. Outstanding shares as of September 30, 2008, totaled 239.8 million, representing 7% reduction from a year ago. In the first nine months of the year, Moody's repurchased a total of 13.4 million shares at a total cost of $473 million and issued about 2.1 million shares under employee stockbased compensation plans. Yeartodate we repurchased shares at an average price of $35.22. For this period, share repurchases were funded using a combination of free cash flow and borrowing.  At quarterend, Moody's had $1.4 billion of outstanding debt with approximately $350 million of additional capacity available. Also as of September 30, 2008, Moody's had $1.6 billion of share repurchase authority remaining under its current program.  Before I turn the call back over to Ray, I would like to discuss our most recent acquisition. On October 9, we closed the acquisition of Fermat International, a leading provider of risk and performance management software to the global banking sector. The combination of Moody's credit portfolio management and economic capital tools with Fermat's expertise in risk management software positions Moody's to deliver comprehensive analytical solutions for financial institutions worldwide. We believe this is a particularly attractive opportunity given the current environment of heightened sensitivity to capital risk management and expect this business to generate annual revenues in excess of $70 million by 2010. With that, I will turn it back over to Ray.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I will provide a brief update on regulatory developments at this point. We continue to have active communications with regulatory authorities on both a global and regional level. At the global level, the G7 finance ministers recently stated that they would accelerate the implementation of the Financial Stability Forum recommendations which includes several points on credit rating agencies and the role and use of ratings.  Related to these recommendations, International Organization of Securities Commissions, or IOSCO, has published a revised code of conduct for credit rating agencies. We expect to publish a revised Moody's Code of Professional Conduct in the coming weeks that will address changes in the IOSCO code. Turning to the U.S., as many of you are aware, last week I participated in a hearing held by the U.S. House of Representatives committee on oversight and government reform. This is one of a series of hearings that has been planned during the months of October and November by both the House and Senate. We anticipate that there will be additional hearings over the next year as U.S. policymakers and regulators seek to restore confidence in the stability and resiliency of the U.S. financial system.  Earlier in October, the President's working group released a progress update on its policy statements on financial market developments. The update summarized policy initiatives taken over the past several months, including the proposed rules for nationally recognized statistical rating organizations published by the Securities and Exchange Commission earlier this summer. It's expected that the SEC will publish its final set of rules by the end of this year. Turning to Europe, this past summer, the European Commission published a proposal for the oversight of rating agencies in the EU, which drew comments from over 90 market participants, including Moody's. It is expected that the commission will publish a revised proposal by midNovember for review by the European parliament and the council of the European union. Moody's supports the ongoing efforts undertaken by global policymakers and regulators to restore confidence in the credit markets. We will continue to communicate our messages and address issues and concerns that various authorities may have in our mutual goal of greater market stability and the return of investor confidence.  I would like to conclude this morning's prepared remarks by discussing our outlook for the remainder of 2008. Moody's outlook for 2008 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, merger and acquisition activity, consumer spending, residential mortgage borrowing and refinancing activity, securitization levels, capital market issuance, and the impact of governmentsponsored economic stabilization initiatives. There is an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions; and if actual conditions differ from these assumptions, Moody's results for the year may differ materially from our current outlook.  In light of difficult current conditions in the global debt markets and uncertainty regarding the pace of recovery, we've revised our outlook downward for the full year of 2008. At Moody's overall, we now expect full year 2008 revenue to decline in the low 20s percent range. This decline excludes any revenue relating to the acquisition of Fermat and assumes foreign currency translation in 2008 at current exchange rates. We are maintaining rigorous focus on expense management and planning conservatively for the business in light of lower revenue expectations. Full year operating expenses are now expected to be about 11% lower on an asreported basis, compared to full year 2007. Excluding the impacts from restructuring in the Fermat acquisition, we now project full year expenses for 2008 to decline about 8% from 2007. And we expect full year 2008 operating margin to be in the low 40s percent range, down from our previous guidance of mid40s percent range due primarily to lower revenue. Excluding the items previously mentioned, as well as legacy tax matters, earnings per share for 2008 are now projected in the range of $1.71 to $1.77 versus the previous range of $1.90 to $2.00.  For the global Moody's Investors Service business, we now expect revenue for full year 2008 to decline in the low 30s percent range in anticipation of poor market conditions for remainder of the year. For the full year 2008, we now project Moody's Investors Service revenue in the U.S. to decrease in the low 40s percent range and revenue outside the U.S. to decrease in the midteens percent range.  We expect structured finance revenue in the U.S. to decline in the mid60s percent range, reflecting significant percent declines across all asset classes. However, we expect the percent decline outside the U.S. to be about half the U.S. rate.  Corporate finance revenue for the U.S. is expected to decrease in the low 30s percent range, with weakness across all asset classes led by declines in speculative grade bond and bank loan ratings. International corporate finance revenue is also projected to decline, but at a much slower rate.  We now project a low singledigit decline in global financial institutions revenue, with U.S. revenue expected to decrease in the lowto midteens percent range, partially offset by international growth.  We anticipate slight growth within the global public project and infrastructure finance sectors, with U.S. revenue expected to be about flat and low doubledigit percent growth expected outside the U.S.  For Moody's Analytics, we now expect revenue growth in the low doubledigit percent range, as market weakness among financial institutions is leading to longer sales cycles and somewhat higher customer attrition. U.S. revenue is expected to grow in the high singledigit percent range, while nonU.S. growth is still projected in the midteens percent range. Growth in the subscription business is anticipated at a low doubledigit percent rate. In the software business, we now expect revenue to be about flat with 2007; and in the smaller consulting business, we continue to anticipate strong growth reflecting sustained demand for professional services and credit training projects. While sales cycles are lengthening due to financial market uncertainty, robust demand continues for Moody's expertise and credit education risk modeling and scorecard development. Of That concludes our prepared remarks; and joining Linda and me for the questionandanswer session are Michael Madelain, the Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investors Service, and Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics. We would be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question is from Michael Meltz with JP Morgan.
Michael Meltz JP Morgan: I just have two questions. Linda, can you give us, you gave a breakdown for recurring revenues, can you give that for each segment? But kind of separate from that, because I kind of backed into the number, Ray, can you talk about what you're seeing in the fourth quarter here. Is there, obviously, there's some issuance, but what are you seeing and how does it differ from what you saw in Q3? 
Ray McDaniel: I will start. What we're seeing so far in Q4 reflects what we were seeing in the latter part of Q3. The earlier part of the third quarter issuance activity was certainly, I couldn't characterize it as strong, but there were areas that had been active through the year and remained active for the first couple of months of the third quarter, including investment grade bond issuance in the U.S. and in Europe. That has slowed and the areas that have been slow continue to be slow.  We are at a very low point in terms of bond issuance both in the U.S. and we've seen a slowdown in issuance activity in Europe as well. October looks a lot more like the latter half of September than it does like the earlier part of the third quarter.
Linda Huber: On your question on transactions revenues and then relationship revenues, for the corporation as a whole, we are at 38% transaction revenues for the third quarter and 62% relationship revenues. Let me break down the rating agency for you and then I will add analytics to it. For structured finance transactions, revenues are 54% of structured finance revenues and relationship revenues are 46%. For corporate finance, it's 53% transactions, 47% relationship. For [FIG], it's 37% transaction and 63% relationship. [BPIF] is 61% and 39%. For the rating agency as a whole, right now we're running 51% transaction and 49% relationship.  Moody's Analytics of course is much more relationshipbased. It's 9% transaction revenue for the quarter and 91% relationship revenues. As I said, that all averages out to 38% transaction revenue and 62% relationship revenue.
Michael Meltz JP Morgan: That's basically what I had backed into. Ray, can you talk about how you're guiding here for the end of the year? It's a wide range for Q4, obviously, given the couple hundred basis points for the full year, turns into a wide range for Q4. But you're still expecting $100 million plus of transaction revenues, right? Is my assumption based on your guidance?
Ray McDaniel: There continues to be some activity in the market. Utilities, some investment grade issuance, the slowdown internationally has not been as significant as the slowdown in the U.S. So we are trying to forecast a very weak issuance environment, but not a nonexistent issuance environment. You are right, we do have a wide range for the point in the year that we're at. The reason for that is the potential downside would have to do with a greater freeze occurring outside the U.S. than we have seen so far. The upside would be if credit spreads come in somewhat, there is a significant amount of potential volume that could enter the market quickly.
Michael Meltz JP Morgan: My final question, I promise, Linda, can you talk a little bit about what you're doing on the cost side? I know the hurdle gets harder in the fourth quarter because you did pull back last year. But guidance implies expense is up yearoveryear in the fourth quarter. Can you talk about that please?
Linda Huber: You are right. Guidance does imply that. We took a heavy ax to cost in the fourth quarter of last year when we were somewhat out of line at the end of the third quarter. So frankly, we took out things that were easier to take out at the end of the fourth quarter last year. So this year, you're right, is going to be a little bit more challenging. We have been very conservative on how we've handled incentive compensation. That's down for the third quarter. We would expect, if conditions continue to be bad in the fourth quarter, it would look similar obviously to the third quarter. We are working on all the other lines of noncomp across the P&L. I think we're doing quite well with that, as you see, perhaps an 11% expense reduction. So we've done quite a good job on expenses. We plan to continue that. On the other hand, ratings quality is paramount. We want to make sure that we continue to be able to get the ratings right. We have got to get this balance right. It's an important topic for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Huber Barclays Capital.
Craig Huber Barclays Capital: First question on cost. How much yearoveryear did you say for lower incentive and stockbased compensation?
Linda Huber: From last year, I will do a quarter over quarter. First of all, I will do absolute percentages and then we will look at the comparison yearoveryear for the third quarter. Incentive comp is 7% of total compensation for the third quarter. Stock compensation is 11%. Salaries and benefits are the remaining 82%. That brings total comp to 66% of expenses. Last year at this time, the numbers were running incentive comp at 7%, stock comp at 9%, and salaries and benefits at 83%. Comp was at 67% of total expenses. That basically gives you the breakout.
Craig Huber Barclays Capital: In terms of dollars, how much did you save if you have that yearoveryear?
Linda Huber: Year over year.
Craig Huber Barclays Capital: Incentive and stockbased combined please.
Linda Huber: Our incentive comp this year, we're down about 33% yearoveryear in incentive compensation. The numbers go from 17.7 last year to 11.8 this year. Then stock compensation goes from 23.4 to 16.9, which is a 28% savings. Salaries and benefits down 141 to 131, which is a 70% savings.
Craig Huber Barclays Capital: Do you mind updating us on your fulltime equivalent employees at the end of this quarter versus the end of, say, three months ago.
Linda Huber: Sure. We are at 3,582 at the end of the third quarter. That's actually up 10 heads from the end of last year. Let me see, from the end of, that's what I have as the most recent comparison. We do expect to add to that, though, Craig, the addition of Fermat, which is going to be another 275 heads.
Craig Huber Barclays Capital: Speaking of that acquisition, can you just give investors a little more detail on that? The revenues that you are talking about for 2010, but what are the trailing 12month revenues there in EBITDA margins to start with. 
Ray McDaniel: We're not at this point disclosing the trailing revenue and margins for that business. We're looking at this on the goingforward basis. And the reason we're pointing out to 2010 is because while we will have good revenue and cash from that business in 2009, we have to work through the accounting of having purchased software business and having that business on a GAAP basis.
Craig Huber Barclays Capital: What should we assume for the D&A for the fourth quarter? Dilution of what, $0.05 to $0.07 in the fourth quarter?
Ray McDaniel: Yes, $0.05 to $0.07 dilution.
Craig Huber Barclays Capital: What is the D&A impact here? Is there anything into the fourth quarter or is it all just lack of profits?
Linda Huber: I don't think we have disclosed that. We're taking a conservative view of converting an IFRSbased business over to a GAAP business. We will have more to say on this in the fourth quarter when we're ready to talk about the final financials for Fermat.
Craig Huber Barclays Capital: My last nitpick, on the interest expense line, can you just talk about the moving pieces there.
Linda Huber: Basically, interest expense is up a little bit. If you want to look at the components of nonoperating expense, the main cost there would be the interest expense on the borrowing. We don't break out the details on that. That's offset, though, by some upside on legacy tax and some gains on foreign exchange. Basically those are the main components of what's going on.
Craig Huber Barclays Capital: That foreign currency exchange, how much of that impact this quarter versus a year ago.
Linda Huber: It's about $2 million to positive and last year we were about less than a million dollars positive.  
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Appert Goldman Sachs.
Peter Appert Goldman Sachs: Ray, based on the tone of the hearings with Mr. Waxman, it feels like the folks in Washington are getting even more riled up about the rating agencies which might imply some more serious legislative action. How do you read that, number one, and number two, how do you place probability on investor pays model becoming the standard in the industry and how would that affect the economic [inaudible] guidance.
Ray McDaniel: I am sure for those listeners who heard the hearing, they would note that there were pointed questions, pointed statements about the ratings industry and the performance credit rating agencies. We expected that there would be, frankly. I expect in hearings that we participate in in 2009, think our participation is probably inevitable. I expect that there will be pointed questions there as well. I think the tenor is going to be for the financial services industry as a whole, is probably going to be skepticism and criticism about how we got to the position we are in. That rhetoric is going to be harsh.  I think what we have to do, though, is separate harsh rhetoric from an effort to find solutions which leads to the second part of your question, which is how likely is an investor pays model. In my opinion, it is unlikely for a number of reasons. First of all, I think there is a growing appreciation, as I have talked about before, that the avoidance of conflicts of interest in this business by moving to an investor pays model is a fiction. The question really is how do we demonstrate that we are managing potential conflicts properly and transparently so the people have confidence in the independence of our work.  The investor pays model has a number of other issues with it, including the willingness and interest of investors to pay, because their interest is in the general existence of ratings as opposed to rating on any particular bond. There's some practical questions as well. I think the real issue around investor pay is philosophically is it somehow better and, as I testified in the House committee hearing, I think one of the bigger mistakes that can come out of a review of this industry is a belief or an assumption that moving to an investor pays model somehow cures the potential for conflict of interest and for people, either at the rating agencies or among oversight authorities, to then take their eye off the ball of properly managing those potential conflicts.
Peter Appert Goldman Sachs: One other unrelated item. You gave us some catalytic advice, potentially your recovery in issuance volume and the investment grade category. What do you think needs to happen to bring life back to the structured finance market?
Ray McDaniel: I think that right now the structured finance market, to the extent that there are securitizations being issued, a significant portion of that are securitizations that allow collateral to be pledged to central authorities for liquidity purposes. I consider that not a real continuation of prior structured finance or resumption of activity. I think it's more a temporary category of issuance.  I think what we need to see are simpler and more similar structures. Simpler is going to help more people understand what the mechanics of a securitization are and more similar is going to allow investors to learn about a category of asset rather than learning about an individual security, which allows them more confidence in buying and more confidence there will be a secondary mortgage trade in because of greater familiarity about the mechanics of those securities. The absolute critical element, though, and I said this repeatedly, is to have enough information in the hands of investing public about the security structures and the underlying assets so that there is not a blind investment or investment that relies only on the opinion of a rating agency where, in fact, we are not in a position to put confidential information in the market either. I would very much favor a regulatory regime that requires asset information and securities structure information to be clearly transparently communicated to the investing public.  
Linda Huber: Just to follow up a little bit. You had also talked about the investment grade and in terms of what we would need to see to see some of these markets move. Our credit trends group has done some work on this. Our view, and others may have different views of course, for the investment grade market, we think that 100 basis point drop in spreads could lead to approximately $40 billion to $45 billion in monthly original origination of investment grade. That would compare to a monthly average of $61 billion during the period of 2005, 2006.  For high yield, we're thinking that a 250 basis point drop in spreads could lead to about $12 million in monthly originations, which is about equal to the 2005 and 2006 average. But wouldn't be sustainable unless spreads came in further. We are thinking that it may take a while to get back to those levels, but that can give you some sort of view as to where the upside might be if and when spreads do come in.
Operator: Your next question comes from Catriona Fallon Citigroup Investment Research.
Catriona Fallon Citigroup Investment Research: Most of my questions have been asked and answered. Could you give us a quick update on any of the lawsuits and if anything has moved forward there?
Ray McDaniel: There's really no new news to report on the litigation front. We are continuing to handle the items that we have already talked about; and if we had any new information, we of course would be communicating that.
Catriona Fallon Citigroup Investment Research: Then I guess I do have two questions. I am surprised the head count is up yearoveryear in that there were discussions that maybe 275 head count reductions over the course of the year. Those have definitely been slow. We've been slow to see those. It seems like that's not actually happening. Yet you still have been able to bring op ex down. I am wondering what are the plans there as far as head count and how have you been able to achieve cost cuts without reducing head count?
Ray McDaniel: First of all, we did make the head count reductions that we said we were going to make. That was part of the restructuring charge that we took and we completed that. There are other areas, though, where we feel it is appropriate to be adding head count. We continue to do so because we are planning for the future of this business outside of the storm that the credit markets are currently in.  We have added people to our Moody's Analytics business. We have added people in the compliance and regulatory area for the rating agency because we do have additional obligations there. We have been adding head count in monitoring and surveillance because of the very active market that we have had in terms of demanding rating actions. Finally, we have made several acquisitions over the last 12 months, including Credit Quotes and Mergent. Those added to the head count total.
Linda Huber: Just to follow up, we have also added head count internationally. Basically we're moving the heads to support the revenue growth. That's caused up to come out about flat to this point.
Catriona Fallon Citigroup Investment Research: My last question is just on outstanding issuance backlog. I hear numbers of $85 billion in backlog. Is that number growing? It seems that things continue to get pushed out. Does the amount of backlog continue to grow or are some of those ideas just going away?
Ray McDaniel: We hear numbers similar to the kinds of numbers you're quoting. $65 billion to $80 billion have been quoted to us from various market sources. Broadly speaking, I don't think we would expect to see a decline in that pipeline because I think this is largely companies that are either interested or going to need to tap the debt markets and they're waiting for the opportunity to do so. I don't think these are nonessential capital raising opportunities that would constitute the majority of the pipeline right now. Nor do I think it's importantly comprised of structured securities at this point. I think that would be a longerterm rebuilding of pipeline and structured finance.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Neff William Blair & Co. 
John Neff William Blair & Co.: I have a few for you. Linda, if I heard you correctly, 49% of MIS revenue is relationshipbased in the third quarter?
Linda Huber: That's right, 49% of MIS revenue in the third quarter is relationshipbased.
John Neff William Blair & Co.: How long is the average runoff of those revenues? And the approximate rate of that runoff.
Linda Huber: Considerably long life on those deals. It's 8 to 10 years, primarily. The rate of runoff for this point, is very modest. We're still dealing with the big revenue years that came on of 2006 and 2007. We're not seeing, it's basically flat what we're looking at for the fourth quarter and going forward into next year.
John Neff William Blair & Co.: That's very helpful. Then, I am not sure what you are assuming in the way of debt issuance in terms of putting that into your fourth quarter guidance. Would it be, I realize it's early, would it be fair to say that fourth quarter earnings and the run rate off of that level, are you thinking that's the potential trough? In other words, can issuance get much lower that what you're anticipating in your fourth quarter guidance?
Ray McDaniel: I guess the answer to that is yes, I would consider it a potential trough; but if you would ask me that in any of the other recent quarters, I might have said the same thing. But consistent with what I did say earlier in the year, a lot is going wrong, but not everything is going wrong. There is still the potential, if everything goes wrong, for us to have another leg down. We are increasing the number of areas of the capital markets that are not functioning very effectively. So there are fewer things left that could dysfunction. That increases the likelihood that we are at a trough.
John Neff William Blair & Co.: Any change to the longerterm view on operating margins? I think if they include the $0.05 to $0.07 dilution from the Fermat acquisition, I am getting an operating margin in the fourth quarter of sort of the upper 20s? Any change to the longterm view?
Linda Huber: I think you might have hit that a little bit hard for the fourth quarter. We will go down potentially, potentially into the 30s if the weaker side of this forecast prevails for the fourth quarter. I am not sure that we will get all the way into the 20s.
Ray McDaniel: In terms of the longerterm view, if the issuance activity remains as constrained as it is, we will see more growth coming out of the Moody's Analytics side of the business than we will out of the rating agency side of the business. That will have some effect on margin. We will also probably have some additional margin erosion on the rating agency side of the business, again, if this is an extended seizing up of the markets.  On the other hand, if issuance activity begins, we could see a rapid stepup in margin because a lot of the queue of potential debt issuance is associated with companies or municipalities that we already follow as rating analysts and as a firm. This would be incremental issuance activity associated with companies that we already are dedicating significant analytical resources toward.
Linda Huber: Some interesting changes here in the margin view for the third quarters, so you can think about this a little bit. Looking first with last year, the rating agency part of the business was running at 53% margin last year for the third quarter. This year it's running at 47%. But the good news part of the story conversely the Analytics margin for third quarter of 2007 was 24% and that's increased to 30%, which is a pretty healthy increase in the margin for the Analytics business. That's how you get to the blended rate, but we're working hard to improve the margin in the Analytics business. In the ratings business, some additional revenue here would be helpful. But our longerterm goal would be to get back to the close to 50% level. Again, we can't do that until we have some market recovery and some revenue recovery.
John Neff William Blair & Co.: That's helpful. And a quick question for Michael. International revenue so far has held up relatively better than the U.S. Do you expect that to continue?
Michael Madelain: I think Ray addressed that. I think international [inaudible] much stronger support due to better conditions, the benefit of some of the government programs for structured finance, and there's no reason really to see that moving away at this stage. I think Ray alluded to the fact that obviously there’s a risk of seeing that support softening in the last quarter [inaudible].
John Neff William Blair & Co.: The last question here, probably for Linda. I realize that the Fermat acquisition from a revenue contribution standpoint is unclear at this point. Do you have any preliminary sense of the contribution in terms of incremental amortization expense and incremental operating expense in terms of operating G&A?  
Linda Huber: We are going to have to table that one until we do fourth quarter, because we are literally going through bringing this thing on now and we have to do to conversion as we discussed. We would rather we have everything nailed down, and we will talk about it next quarter if that's okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Charles Murphy Morgan Stanley. 
Charles Murphy Morgan Stanley: Thanks. I was wondering if you could discuss the outlook or your outlook for the regulatory environment in Europe over the next couple months?
Ray McDaniel: Sure. We will see the European commission proposals I mentioned in our prepared remarks. We expect to see that I think in midNovember. That will begin a period of debate at the European parliament level about what is the appropriate form of registration and oversight of this industry. I would expect to see a registration requirement and European oversight of the industry on a goingforward basis, which would bring Europe more in line with what we now have in the U.S. in terms of oversight to the SEC. What is less predictable is how that oversight mechanism might work in terms of a coordinated European approach or more of a countrybycountry approach.  As you might imagine, we would prefer to see a coordinated approach because it gives us, in effect, one source of oversight and one source that we would have to respond in communicate with. So, to the extent that we are going to be moving into an oversight environment in Europe, it's different than what we have had in the past. We would hope that it would be on coordinated European basis. As far as the details of that oversight, I think we're just going to have to wait until midNovember and see what comes out in the European commission proposal and what the reactions on the continent are to that.
Charles Murphy Morgan Stanley: As a quick follow up, I wanted to ask about relationshipbased revenues in MIS. If we were to take an average deal this year versus last year and consider the relationshipbased revenues, would you say those revenues are higher per deal this year versus last year? And any extent would be helpful.
Ray McDaniel: That's a little bit of a tough question to answer, but I will give you my instinctive answer based on my understanding of the relationship revenues. I think that we would see an increase in the absolute dollar of relationship revenues from 2007 to 2008. But as a percentage, it's going to be importantly related to the character of who is issuing. Are they large investment grade issuers, which tend to have a greater proportion of recurring revenue associated with them? Or is it more of the speculative grade market which tends to be more transactionbased and the revenues more heavily weighted to that stock? Because we have seen more investment grade activity this year, I would expect that we have a greater proportion of recurring revenue associated with the mix of issuance that we've seen. So both absolute dollars and percentages would be my estimation just without having reviewed that in detail.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Atorino The Benchmark Company.
Edward Atorino The Benchmark Company: First of all, Ray, I want to congratulate you on surviving the inquisition. As a taxpayer, I was thoroughly embarrassed by the activity on the commission. Anyway, if I look at the fourth quarter, at the third quarter expense and projected for the fourth quarter, is that the run rate to go into early part of next year?
Ray McDaniel: We're working on putting together our operating budget for 2009. I think the risk of giving you misleading information, if I try to talk about the run rate for 2009, is probably a little too high for me to comment on that. I probably should not comment on your original comments about ...
Edward Atorino The Benchmark Company: Please don't, they might be listening. I got to worry about myself now as I leave the office. I could get kidnapped by the gestapo.
Ray McDaniel: Any other questions?
Edward Atorino The Benchmark Company: No, thank you.
Operator:
 :
Craig Huber Barclays Capital: I do have a follow-up question. Ray, as you think out in the future here, what asset classes would you expect to come back first when you get a thawing? Or is it too hard to tell?  
Ray McDaniel: In the securitization area?
Craig Huber Barclays Capital: Just overall. I ask this question going back to the spring of this year. As you know, investment grade picked up some substantially in April and May of this year, a lot of people thought that was leading to a thawing of the credit market. It turned out to be a head fake, and it's been significantly worse since then.
Ray McDaniel: I would expect to see the return of activity at the investment grade, in the higher end of investment grade first then working down to the lower investment grade and into speculative grade from there. Similarly from more well known names for vanilla bond issues into more complex issues over time. I think just as the seizing up of the credit markets there was a flight to quality to the upper end of the credit spectrum. I think that was the last part of the market to go into the freeze and I think it will be the first part of the market to come out of the freeze.
Craig Huber Barclays Capital: One last thing. In your fourth quarter guidance, the midpoint of your guidance, are you basically assuming the lack of transactions you saw in the month of October that continues in November and December?
Ray McDaniel: We are not expecting a significant pickup in activity, that's accurate.
Operator: That does conclude today's questionandanswer session. Mr. McDaniel, I will turn the conference back over to you for any closing remarks.
Ray McDaniel: Just want to thank everyone for joining us and we look forward to speaking with you after the close of the fourth quarter. Thank you again.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Again, thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome, ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Lisa Westlake, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Westlake: Thank you, Audra. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's results for the second quarter of 2008. I am Lisa Westlake, Vice President of Investor Relations. Moody's released its results for the second quarter of 2008 this morning. The earnings release and the presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Moody's Corporation will lead this morning's conference call. Also on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody's Corporation. Before we get started, I call your attention to the cautionary language set out at the end of our earnings release. Certain statements my colleagues and I make today may be forward-looking within the spirit of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This act provides the Safe Harbor for such forward-looking statement. I direct your attention to the management’s discussions and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, and in other SEC filings made by the company from time to time. I would also like to point out that Safe Harbor statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 contained in our press release issued this morning. These set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I should point out that members of the media might be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'm now pleased to turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: Thank you, Lisa and thank you all for joining us on today's call. I'll began our prepared remarks this morning with the brief summary of Moody's second quarter results, Linda will then take you through the quarter’s operating highlights, provide some commentary on revenue and expenses and update you on our share repurchase program. I will then review recent developments in the regulatory area and finish with Moody's outlook for 2008. After that we'll be happy to respond to your questions. Moody's achieved good revenue growth in the second quarter over the first quarter but well below very challenging prior year comparables. Revenue for the quarter was $488 million, down 25% from a year ago. Strength in the investment grade corporate, financial institutions, and public and infrastructure finance ratings businesses, and good growth from Moody's Analytics were more than offset by significantly reduced issuance for structured finance securities, speculative-grade bonds and loans. Operating income for the second quarter was $234 million, a decrease of 36% year-over-year. Recurring revenue and our ongoing cost management efforts reduced the impact of weak issuance conditions on overall performance. In addition, revenue and operating income declines were slightly offset by the positive impact of foreign currency translation of approximately 200 basis points and 260 basis points respectively. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.54 and included a one-time benefit of $0.03 related to legacy tax matters. Excluding benefits relating to legacy tax matters, diluted earnings per share were $0.51 for the quarter down 33 % compared to $0.76 a year ago. Turning now to year-to-date performance, revenue for the first half of 2008 was $918 million, a decrease of 25% from the first half of 2007. Operating income of $433 million was down 35% from the same period a year ago. Foreign currency translation positively affected the changes in revenue and operating income by approximately 200 basis points and 250 basis points respectively. Diluted earnings per share of $1.03 for the first half included a benefit of $0.04 per share relating to certain legacy tax matters. Excluding legacy tax benefits from both periods, diluted earnings per share of $0.99 for the first half of 2008 decreased 28% from $1.37 from the prior year period. We're affirming out full year 2008 EPS guidance in the range of $1.90 to $2 and I will discuss details on our outlook later in the call. At this point, I will turn the call over to Linda who will provide further detail on revenue and expenses.
Linda S. Huber: Thanks, Ray. I'll begin with revenue for the second quarter. Moody's U.S. revenue declined 34% year-over-year to $264 million. However, revenue from outside the U.S. was $224 million, down only 9% from year ago and represented 46% of Moody's total revenue for the quarter. Recurring revenue of $269 million was up 12% from the second quarter of 2007 and represented 55% of total revenue. Recurring revenue for the first half of 2008 increased 14% to $538 million and was 59% of total revenue. Focusing on details by segment, for Moody's Investor Service, our ratings business, revenue for the quarter was $356 million, a decline of 33% year-over-year. U.S. ratings revenue was down 42% as compared to a 17% decrease in non-U.S. ratings revenue. Revenue from outside the U.S. represented 44% of total ratings revenue. The decline in revenue was mitigated by favorable foreign currency translation of approximately 200 basis points. Global Structured Finance revenue for the second quarter was $120 million, down 56% year-over-year. U.S. Structured Finance revenue decreased 67% driven by significant declines in issuance across the most asset classes. Non-U.S. Structured Finance revenue was down 35% from the prior-year period, as declines in the European credit derivatives and commercial real estate finance sectors were partially offset by other securitization activity in the Europe, Middle East, Africa and Asia region. Global Corporate Finance revenue of $97 million for the second quarter declined 23% from a year ago. U.S. Corporate Finance revenue decreased 31% year-over-year as good growth from U.S. investment grade ratings was more than offset by high double-digit declines in revenue from speculative-grade bond and bank loan ratings. Outside the U.S., corporate finance revenue was down only 7% due primarily to declines in revenue from speculative-grade bond and bank loan ratings. Global Financial Institutions revenue of $72 million was flat compared to the same quarter of 2007. U.S. financial institutions revenue was down 9% as revenue declines in the banking and insurance sectors were greater than revenue growth in the finance and securities sector. However, outside the U.S. financial revenue grew 9% due primarily to growth in European bank ratings. The public, project and infrastructure finance ratings business had good growth with global revenue up 13% to $66 million. U.S. revenue increased 21% from the second quarter of 2007 reflecting solid double-digit growth in revenue from U.S. municipal ratings while non-U.S. revenue decreased 5% due to a decline in project finance activity. Turning now to Moody's analytics. Global revenue of $132 million increased 14% from the second quarter of 2007. U.S. revenue was up 10% to $65 million while non-U.S. revenue grew 18% and represented 51% of the total for Moody's Analytics. Revenue from subscriptions grew 15% to $117 million driven by continued demand for credit and economic research, structured finance analytics and other offering. This smaller consulting business also delivered double-digit revenue growth reflecting the ongoing demand for credit education, portfolio analysis, risk modeling and scorecard development services. Foreign currency translation increased revenue growth by approximately 190 basis points. Moody's second quarter operating expenses were $254 million, down 10% from the prior-year period. We continue to benefit from cost reduction initiative that began in the second half of 2007 and are reallocating expense dollars to support business needs such as compliance and monitoring efforts. Included in operating expenses were approximately $10 million or about $0.03 per share of one-time charges representing accelerated depreciation expense associated with closing our New Jersey office as well as senior executive severance. Non-operating expenses included a one-time after-tax benefit of approximately $8 million or roughly $0.03 per share relating to the resolution of certain legacy tax matters. Operating margin for the second quarter of 2008 was 47.9%, which was 840 basis points lower than in the second quarter of 2007, but it’s up 160 basis points from the first quarter of 2008 margin of 46.3%. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 38.9%. Excluding the impact of legacy tax matters, the tax rate for this quarter was 40.1% essentially flat compared to the tax rate for the prior-year period. I'd like to turn now to an update on capital allocations and stock buybacks. Moody's remains committed to using its strong cash flow to create value for shareholders by investing in growing areas of our business, making selective acquisitions in related businesses, repurchasing our own stock and paying a modest dividend. During the second quarter of 2008, Moody's repurchased 1.7 million shares at a total cost of $63 million and issued about 0.6 million shares under employee stock-based compensation plan. For the quarter, we repurchased shares at an average price of $37.09, which was $1.13 below market price. Outstanding shares as of June 30th, 2008 totaled $243.7 million representing a 9% decrease from year ago. In the first half of the year, Moody's repurchased a total of 9.2 million shares at a total cost of $328 million and issued about 1.6 million shares under employee stock-based compensation plan. Year-to-date we repurchased shares at an average price of $35.67, which was $1.53 below the market price. Share repurchases were funded using a combination of free cash flow and borrowings. At quarter end, Moody's had $1.3 billion of outstanding debt with approximately $500 million of additional capacity available. Also as of June 30th, 2008, Moody's had $1.7 billion of share repurchase authority remaining under its current program. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Ray.
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: Thanks, Linda. I'd like to now provide a brief update on regulatory development. We continue to have active communications with regulatory authorities in the U.S. and internationally. Our recommendations regarding the role, use and performance of ratings and rating agencies proposed by the Financial Stability Forum have been endorsed by the G-8 Finance Ministers and have incorporated the recommendations of a number of global authorities including IOSCO or the International Organization of Securities Commissions. In turn, IOSCO has published a revised code of conduct for rating agencies. We believe that IOSCO generally has adopted a constructive approach in reviving the code and we're in the process of modifying our existing Moody's Code of Professional Conduct to reflect IOSCO's revision. IOSCO will monitor the implementation of the revised code and aims to publish a review later this year. This week IOSCO indicated potential approaches for their monitoring process that include arrangements for the exchange of information between National Authorities, National Securities Regulators, Cooperative Inspection Programs for rating agencies, or specialized IOSCO committee that would confer on rating agencies compliance with the code. Within the U.S., the SEC introduced a set of proposed rules in three broad areas relating to nationally recognized statistical rating organizations or NRSROs. The areas of focus are first, additional measures on managing conflicts of interest and increasing transparency; second, call to NRSROs to distinguish ratings for structured finance obligations from those of other obligation either by adopting a different rating scale or by providing additional information to investors; and third, proposals to reduce the use of and reliance on NRSRO credit ratings by the SEC and market participants. Moody's has provided our comments to the SEC on the first two areas of rule amendment and we'll provide our comments to the Commission on the remaining proposals by the September 5th deadline. In July, the SEC released a report on its examination of the rating processes and procedures of the three leading rating agencies, Moody's, S & P and Fitch, focusing on sub-prime residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized debt obligations. While the commission staff noted that most of the period under review predated the implementation of SEC rules for industry, the report identified several areas that were either of concern to the SEC or that the SEC believes can be enhanced going forward. The concerns identified by the SEC generally related to policies addressing potential conflicts of interest, resources and resource allocation, documentation around policies and procedures and enhancing transparency. The SEC also summarized the various steps that have already been taken by the three rating agencies, either individually or collectively, to address these concerns, as well as those that are under consideration in the SEC's current rule-making process. In Europe some authorities including the European Commission have suggested establishing a registration system for credit rating agencies based primarily on the ISOCO code and perhaps analogues to the U.S. registration model. We expect the discussions among European authorities and market participants will continue to explore this possibility over the coming months. Moody's supports the ongoing efforts undertaken by global policy makers and regulatory organizations to restore confidence in the credit market. Moody's has been responding to questions from the officials and participating in various reviews and request for commentary as appropriate, including providing our views on Moody's role in the structured finance market, ways to raise market awareness about the meaning of our ratings and steps that we are taking as an industry and independently to demonstrate sound, objective rating processes. We continue to communicate our messages and seek to understand and address the issues and concerns that various authorities may have in our shared goals of greater market stability and the return of investor confidence. Given what we have seen thus far in the regulatory front, we anticipate that incremental costs relating to compliance and… relating to compliance and that we are in the process of assessing will not be material to our overall cost base. I'd like to conclude this morning’s prepared comments by discussing Moody's outlook for 2008. Moody's outlook for 2008 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors including interest rates, corporate profitability, and business investment spending, merger and acquisition activity, consumer spending, residential mortgage borrowing and refinancing activity, securitization levels and capital markets issuance. There's an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions and if actual conditions differ from these assumptions, Moody's results for the year may differ from our current outlook. Our full year outlook for Moody's 2008 performance is largely unchanged from our previous guidance March 11, 2008 and reaffirmed at our Investor Day on June 5th. For Moody's overall, we continue to expect full year 2008 revenue to decline in the mid to high teens range. This decline assumes foreign currency translation in 2008 at current exchange rates. Revenue guidance for certain lines of business has been modified based on conditions specific to those sectors and geographies. We remain cautious about recovering credit markets for the remainder of 2008. Previously, we had projected modest sequential improvement in quarterly revenue throughout the year. However, quarterly improvement in the first half of the year was somewhat better than we expected and may not be sustainable in the second half. As a result, we now believe the second half performance is likely to be relatively flat with that in the first half. In line with these expectations, we are reaffirming our overall guidance for the year. Full year expenses are now expected to decline about 10% on an as-reported basis compared to full-year 2007. Excluding the restructuring charge of $50 million in 2007, full year expenses for 2008 are now expected to decline about 6%. We continue to expect the full-year 2008 operating margins to be in the mid 40% range. Earnings per share for 2008 continue to be projected in the range of $1.90 to $2, excluding adjustments related to legacy tax matters. For the Global Moody's Investors Service business, we continue to expect revenue for the full year 2008 to decline in the mid 20% range. We continue to project Moody's Investor Service revenue within the U.S. to decrease in the mid 30% range for the full year 2008 while we continue to expect revenue outside the U.S. to decrease only in the high single digit percent range. We now expect Structured Finance revenue for the U.S. to decline in the high 50% to low 60% range, while we continue to expect a decline in the high 20% percent range outside the U.S. We continue to expect corporate finance revenue in the U.S. to decrease in the mid 20% range driven by declines in speculative grade... speculative-grade bond and bank loan ratings. However, we expect international corporate finance revenue to grow in the mid single digit range. We now project good growth in Global Financial Institutions revenue with U.S. revenue expected to be about flat and international growth expected in the mid teens percent range. For the public project and infrastructure finance sectors, both U.S. and international revenue growth is now expected in a high single digit percent range. For Moody's Analytics, we now expect revenue to grow in the low to mid teens percent range rather than mid teen as weakness in the global debt markets and retrenchment within the financial services sector is leading to longer sales cycles and a modest rise in customer attrition. U.S. revenue is now expected to grow in a low double-digit percent range, while non-U.S. growth is now projected in the mid teens percent range. Growth in the subscription business is now expected to be in the low to mid teens percent range, reflecting customers’ budget constraints and reduced spending, especially among large bank customers in the capital market segment. Despite these trends, revenue growth will be driven by sales of credit... credit research services, continuing strong demand for economic research and data, and the impact of our newly formed pricing and valuations business. In software business, we now expect revenue to decline in the high single digit percent range. In the smaller consulting business, we continue to anticipate very strong growth reflecting a robust pipeline of professional services engagements in credit training projects. We continue to see considerable demand for Moody's expertise in credit education, risk modeling and scorecard development due to heightened sensitivity concerning risk management processes in compliance with regulatory requirements. That normally would conclude our prepared remarks, but I do want to add comments about one matter [ph]. We have just received a civil suit from the Attorney General of the State of Connecticut. This suit pertains to Moody's municipal rating scale. Moody's municipal rating scale is just that, a scale or a system of measurement. Asserting that a rating scale is wrong is equivalent of saying that measuring distances in centimeters is wrong or measuring in inches is right. We are not [inaudible] committed to any measurement system, because measurement systems do not relate to ratings accuracy. As such, we strive to provide measurement systems that respond to evolving market preferences. In recent years, we have published multiple reports about the historical performance of our municipal bond ratings including comparisons with corporate ratings and a mapping of one scale to the other. In other words, we've published a rule that shows both measurement systems side-by-side so that investors can make informed decisions about our opinion of relative credit risk and bonds can be priced accordingly. I also note that we have had the current municipal rating scale in place since shortly after World War I and we've been very public about the differences and reasons for those differences between the municipal rating scale and the corporate rating scale. In fact, John Moody wrote on this point as early as 1920 and we've been in continuous market dialogues since. As anticipated, the suit focuses on the issues I've just discussed. It is utterly [inaudible]. I would also add that we have a consistent track record of responding to and working with governmental authorities at both the federal and state levels, such as with the New York Attorney General where there are opportunities to improve our processes and ratings quality for the benefit of the capital market. This is not such an instance. Finally, I understand that investors may construe the Connecticut Attorney General’s action as an attempt to influence Moody's to upgrade the rating of the State of Connecticut. I want to assure everyone our municipal rating analysts and managers have already been reminded to consider only matters pertaining to credit issues but I also want to use this opportunity as a disclosure to investors so that they should... can consider our ratings with all necessary information that they may believe is pertinent. Thank you. I will now open the call for questions and joining us for the question-and-answer period will be Michel Madelain, our Chief Operating Officer at Moody's Investor Service and Mark Almeida, the President of Moody's Analytics. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from Michael Meltz, JP Morgan.
Michael Meltz: Great. Ray, one clarification. I know the AG is having a conference call soon and details are scarce. Is there... is it your sense this is focused on the actual practice... the actual rating scale or alleging fraud in the business or something like that? Can you offer any more detail there and then I have a couple of actual business follow-up questions.
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: Michael, I apologize but I have literally not had a chance to read the complaints which has just been received as we were starting this call, so my comments are based on my understanding that the focus is on the municipal rating scale but I will have to read the complaint.
Michael Meltz: Okay. Can you talk a little bit about your performance in the quarter and what you're implying for the back half? Has there been any noticeable change in trend in July relative to how you ended Q2?
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: No. I think the broad answer would be we haven't seen a significant change from the latter part of the second quarter. We did have some better activity in the early part of the second quarter, April and into May. We do have some reasonable pipeline activity in some of the areas that have been under stress, but I would caution that issuance activity in the structured finance area speculative-grade bonds and loans has been lumpy. And I don't think we would identify a pattern of improved issuance activity at this point.
Michael Meltz: Okay. Linda, on the expense side, what factors should we consider in the second half that, I guess your implying expenses will ramp?
Linda S. Huber: Yes. I think we want to be clear about that, Michael. We're trying to establish the right balance here between bringing expenses down but then making sure we're funding the things we need to do to ensure appropriate regulatory and compliance actions and to make sure that we get the ratings right. As we said, we see a 10% a decrease for the year. We would expect compensation expenses to more than likely continue as they have been, and I think what we’ve said previously about expenses would continue, But, we're keeping a very close handle on them obliviously.
Michael Meltz: Okay. And last question, what's the guidance on the tax rate for the back half?
Linda S. Huber: Yes, we're going to keep it where we had it, Michael, which is 38.5% to 39.5%.
Michael Meltz: So it started in step to 40% or so in the quarter?
Linda S. Huber: It did, but we're keeping the annual guidance where we had it, very difficult to manage the tax rate to exactly the same place every quarter.
Michael Meltz: Okay. Thanks for your time.
Operator: Next we'll move to Catriona Fallon with Citi.
Catriona Fallon: Yes, hi. A quick question on depreciation, and is that expected to be down in Q3 as this must be flat in the second half of the year?
Linda S. Huber: Hang on just a second, Catriona. Let me just note that we took a little bit heavier depreciation expense in the second quarter. It was in non-comps, of course. That was the result of accelerating the depreciation for closing our New Jersey office. That was a couple of million dollars and then also on the non-comp line we had some additional expenses related to our outsourcing of our data centers and then some increased professional fees. So, in terms of D&A specifically, we generally don't give a lot of guidance on that, but now we'd expect it would probably be back to a more normalish run rate.
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: And it will be subjected to timing of capitalization of certain projects and initiatives that we have on the technology side. Some of that is associated with compliance and meeting regulatory expectations. But the timing on that is a little bit uncertain.
Catriona Fallon: Okay. And then, excuse me if missed this on the call, but I guess I was a little surprised to see the analytics business just growing 13.7%. What's really leading to that slowness there? I guess we saw strength out of McGraw-Hill yesterday and I thought that the analytics business from Moody's would be a little bit stronger as well.
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: Let me ask Mark Almeida to make any comments there.
Mark E. Almeida: Yes, Catriona, what see going on, I think we talked about this a bit at Investor Day back in June, the debt capital markets which is really our core business segment, are going... is going through a very, very difficult time as you know. And so, that's had an impact on the business. While on the one hand, it’s increased demand for the kind of services we offer to a number of our customers, we have a number of customers that are exiting from asset classes. In some cases, we've got very large customers that had simply gone out of business. And so, that's affected us. So, I think we're pleased with our overall performance that were able to maintain a good solid double-digit growth in spite of the fact we are in the worse debt capital market environment that any of us have ever experienced.
Catriona Fallon: Okay. And then, again excuse me if I missed this, I had another call, but, did you give the breakdown of recurring revenue by category?
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: No, we didn't.
Linda S. Huber: We're happy to do it. What…how would you like to have it broken out?
Catriona Fallon: Just percent of corporate finance, structured finance etcetera that was recurring?
Linda S. Huber: Okay. Let me do it this way, I'll do structured, corporate, financial institutions and PPIF first.
Catriona Fallon: Okay.
Linda S. Huber: And I'll do transactions first and relationship, if that's okay.
Catriona Fallon: Yes.
Linda S. Huber: So, for structured, it was 58% transaction and 42% relationship, for corporate it was 64% transaction and 46%... I am sorry, 36% relationship as we saw a bit of an up tick in corporate finance transactions, financial institutions was 48% transaction and 52% relationship and PPIF was 65% and 35%. So, the total for the rating agency was 59% and 41%. For Moody's Analytics, because of the subscription nature of the business, it was 8% transaction and 92% relationship. So, for the company as a whole, we're at 45% and 35%.
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: 45%, transaction and 55%, relationship.
Linda S. Huber: Excuse me, 55%.
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: Yes.
Catriona Fallon: So that certainly looks like an improvement in the transaction based revenue, over Q1 and if I apply that then to the outlook for the second half, it seems that expectations for transactions will come down quite a bit for the second half.
Linda S. Huber: Catriona, you are right on the numbers for the whole company for Q1. The balance was 38% transaction and 62% relationship. So, yes we did a little bit better on the transaction front in Q2 and perhaps Ray might want to comment a little bit on looking [ph] forward.
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: I think that what we saw in Q2 really related to up tick in issuance activity early in the quarter. We have not seen that up tick sustained. As I said, we do have a reasonable pipeline in some areas of structured finance that have been under stress and it's possible that we can get an another up tick like we saw early in the quarter but we’ve not seen a pattern that makes us confident in that kind of projection.
Catriona Fallon: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to John Neff at William Blair.
John H. Neff: Hi. I just wanted to see the earnings and the expenses that you reported in the quarter, is that include the Sullivan & Cromwell investigation expenses and if so how much did that run you in the quarter?
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: Well, we're not going to provide information on how much but yet it does include that.
John H. Neff: Okay. Is there other ongoing expenses in the third quarter, or was that relegated only to the second quarter?
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: Well. The expenses related to the matter that we're dealing with in the second quarter were second quarter only expenses but in this environment, it's a little difficult to predict whether we might have other expenses, for example a civil suit from Attorney General.
John H. Neff: Right. Looking ahead, I realize this is uncertain, but give a view on what's going on with the GSCs [ph] do you expect to looking out longer term a larger or smaller role or share of performing mortgages once the dust settles and other ratings opportunities associated with what's going on the GSCs?
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: Well, as you know, we do rate the GSCs and I think it's fair to say that we're in a fairly dynamic environment in terms of what the likely sources of funding will be for the U.S. housing market going forward. I would certainly expect the GSCs continue to play a very substantial role in that process. But, the balance between conforming mortgages and mortgages that are eligible for purchase by the GSCs versus private label mortgage securitization, I think it's just too early to call. That being said, I do think the market is going to be looking for any available sources of financing and asset transfer in order to help support the housing market. And so, I would expect that we will see some creativity applied to the funding for the U.S. mortgage sector. And that might over time be beneficial to the rating agencies to the extent that the private sector is a source of badly needed capital.
John H. Neff: Covered bonds, are those things you rate in Europe?
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: Yes. And covered bonds is a good example of one of the directions that the mortgage finance market might go in United States. We have seen the beginnings of some activity around covered bonds in the U.S. We do rate those in Europe. We have, I think, a robust methodology around covered bonds and that would be an opportunity. I don't expect it to be a sector of explosive growth in the near term, no.
John H. Neff: Just one point of difference, S&P is claiming that the cost of implementing the SEC recommendations is higher than the SEC is forecasting. You're saying that the expected cost of implementing should not be incremental and material to your forecast. Is there any way to reconcile those--?
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: Well. Let me... let me try and amplify my comments. I think the cost with respect to compliance per say are not going to be material, in part because we have already implemented a number of compliance activities and committed resource to that which already appear in our expense base. I think what you have heard from others though, is that their... the proposals from the SEC are wide ranging and they do include areas of costs that go beyond compliance, strictly speaking, including, for example, putting data and information in machine-readable format. And that is an area where I think we would agree with the comments that you've heard and that the estimates for the incremental cost associated with that will probably be higher, perhaps materially higher than the expectations in Washington.
John H. Neff: All Right. That's helpful. And then, last question here, question for Linda. Are you still thinking about low double-digit revenue growth in '09, something you had mentioned at the Investor Day? And also can you give us a sense of D&A expense in '09, given the Canary Wharf plan? Thank you very much.
Linda S. Huber: John, I might let Ray talk a little bit about '09. It's a bit early to tell with the choppy markets that we have, but let him go ahead and answer that first. And then I'll chat a bit about Canary Wharf.
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: I think Linda may have just said as much as I was prepared to say on '09. It is early, it would be early for us to be trying to firm up our outlook for 2009 even in a more normalized market environment. And we certainly do not have a normal market environment currently. The recovery that we would expect to see in the markets, as you’ve heard from our prior comments, we really don't think is going to have a lot of traction in 2008. We do expect that there will be recovery in 2009 and the important question becomes when in 2009. We are watching that closely but I don't think we are in a position to put out our projection or an outlook on 2009 at this point, even though I would expect recovery, the timing being so uncertain.
Linda S. Huber: And John on your question on Canary Wharf, let me just set out what we're doing. We presently have office location in Minster Court in London. Unfortunately, we won’t be incurring double rent for the first, second and third quarter of 2009 as we set out our space in the Canada Tower at Canary Wharf. We are planning for all of that, but as a result we won't start seeing depreciation on that Canary Wharf set out until the fourth quarter of 2009 and we haven't said much about what we think that depreciation is going to be. I think you're aware that we’ve said that we expect CapEx to be less than $150 million or so next year, some of that encompassing the set out for Canary Wharf. But we will do this with our usual degree of discipline and attention to detail that we did with the New York move, and the question really would be the double rent expense maybe for the first three quarters, and we'll have more to say about that as we move forward.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Edward Atorino at Benchmark Company
Edward Atorino: Hello.
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: Yes.
Edward Atorino: Hi, Ray. I was curios do you think there was any predetermined timing of the Connecticut General… Attorney General’s release today? Jury has [ph] made this announcement on the day you release earnings?
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: I don't think it's really appropriate for me to speculate on that. So, I will pass on that question, Ed.
Edward Atorino: Okay. Otherwise you'll cover it in good detail. Thank you very much
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: Okay.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll go next to Craig Huber at Lehman Brothers.
Craig Huber: Hi. I've one quick question. This $10 million of accelerated depreciation for New Jersey, [inaudible] second quarter here I assume?
Linda S. Huber: It's not $10 million, Craig. It's only $4 million and yes, we are... we've done with it with the second quarter.
Craig Huber: Okay. So that is $4 million in the D&A line, inflating that in the remaining roughly $6 million, is that one you are saying?
Linda S. Huber: Yes, roughly the amounts are around what you said $6 million for consulting, other professional service fees and legal. If you're looking at the other non-compensation lines, we've added, as you know, we've moved our IT hosting to [inaudible] and so we have $2 million for that as an expense item and we've got a $4 millionish as I said for the mix shift situation.
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: And I think Craig that your focus on the $10 million, that is going to point out, that is split between the depreciation and severance costs.
Craig Huber: Okay. Very good. And then just back on to the Attorney General thing with Connecticut, it is my understanding that the SEC is the one who has regulatory oversight on the credit rate agencies. So, if that is the case, I assume what's the basis of this lawsuit?
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: Because I have not read the civil complaint yet, Craig, I cannot articulate for you the basis. But, yes, you are correct that under the Credit Rating Agency Reform Act, we are subject to SEC oversight at the federal level rather than state oversight
Craig Huber: May be the angle here from the Attorney General standpoint that it’s more having to do with fraud with his standpoint that had pursuing for as opposed to trying to change the regulations on your guys?
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: Again with the caveat that I've not read the complaint, I don't think that's the case. No, I do not think it relates to fraud.
Craig Huber: Do not, okay. And I guess just lastly on cost for the back half of the year, just review a little bit further, is there any other item that we should think about here that would may or may not increase your cost for the third and fourth quarter versus what that you saw here in the first half of the year, anything of significance you should think about?
Linda S. Huber: Craig, we are all kind of looking at each other and we are... we don't really think of anything. We are being very careful to make sure, as we said, that we are reallocating expenses to the prices where they need to be to ensure that we've got a proper rigor [ph] around the ratings part of the business and that we can split the growth requirements of the Moody's Analytics business. But we think we've mentioned pretty much everything that we can see right now. Obviously, if something material comes up, we will let everybody know but we are looking at expenses as we've given guidance earlier in the call.
Craig Huber: And then lastly, if I could, just looking at McGraw-Hill’s peer ratings, percent change of the revenues, that you saw in the last six quarters and compared into your performance, is the difference in the performance most likely because you guys have higher rating towards structured finance? And the reason that I bring this up is when you guys have done this blow out type, a very strong structured finance numbers first half of last year's you guys grew much stronger on your peer ratings business with regarding to the first half of this year you guys fall-off was significantly worse than the ratings business of McGraw-Hill?
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: I think that it probably is relevant to look at the transaction versus recurring revenue mix, but I would not point that solely to structured finance. A lot of the high yield bond and loan ratings are also transaction-based revenues and those areas have been soft as well.
Craig Huber: But net over the last couple of years, are you suggesting you are not losing market share relative to your number one peer out there?
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: No. I don't think so, I think it's probably a difference in some of the pricing mechanisms that the different agencies have.
Craig Huber: But… and I guess it is your sense that your mix of business accounts for structured finance is higher than its S&P ratings?
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: No. I don't think so. As far as I know our competitor does not break out details of it's structured finance revenue but, just looking at market coverage I would say they are roughly similar.
Craig Huber: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Operator: And next we will move to Peter Appert at Goldman Sachs.
Peter Appert: Thanks. Linda, can you tell us about the year-to-year change in bonus accruals both for the second quarter of this year versus last year?
Linda S. Huber: Yes, we can, Peter and glad to have you back with us on the call. Incentive compensation for second quarter 2008 versus 2007 was 7% of the total comp expense as compared to 16% at this time last year. Stock compensation is 11% of the total as compared to 13% last year and all other components of compensation were 82% as compared to 70% last year. So we've shifted the mix given the challenging performance that we've seen.
Peter Appert: Right. And the... I'm sorry, I forget in the first quarter was it smaller, the 7% versus 16%?
Linda S. Huber: I'm sorry, Peter, I didn't quite hear the question could you restate it?
Peter Appert: Yes. Was the bonus... was the reduction in the bonus accrual or the magnitude of the production bonus accrual similar in the first quarter to what you have done is the second?
Linda S. Huber: We are looking for that right now. I think the answer is roughly yes versus the first quarter of '08 is what you wanted to compare to?
Peter Appert: Yes. Just… I am trying to understand if there is any significant quarter-to-quarter impact changes in bonus accrual on a year-to-year basis?
Linda S. Huber: Right. And looking at Q1 and the numbers look remarkably similar to Q2. Again, in Q2 and in Q1, 7% of incentive comp… total comp plus incentive comp. We were at 11% also in the first quarter as well as the second quarter and the numbers are roughly the same also for all other compensation. So, very close quarter-on-quarter.
Peter Appert: Right. And then, could you give us a sense of the year-to-year change than the second quarter in the total comp expense?
Linda S. Huber: Let me see here, year-over-year, it has come up quite a bit. Peter, let me... let us take if you have any follow-up let us check on that for a minute and I will come right back to you.
Peter Appert: I guess the follow-up was just... as the year progresses, is the first half accrual rate... should that or we shouldn't think about for the second half of the year?
Linda S. Huber: I think that's right, Peter. We are looking… we found your answer here and thank you for bearing with us. We are off 16% and that's what the change is versus last year, but I think…
Peter Appert: Total comp percent?
Linda S. Huber: Right. That's total comp percent.
Peter Appert: Okay. Great. And the... are you done with the headcount reductions at this point?
Linda S. Huber: We think we largely are. We may have some small things that we need to deal with, but as you recall we had said that we were reducing 275 heads. But our total headcount number for this year will come out to be pretty much flat from where we are. We, right now have about 3,500 people working here. At the end of the fourth quarter 2007 we had about 3,600 people working here and with hires that we're still continuing to make through the end of the year, we would expect that we’re going to be roughly flat.
Peter Appert: Flat with the 3,500 number?
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: No, probably with the 3,600 number.
Linda S. Huber: 3,600 number.
Peter Appert: 3,600. Okay.
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: We continue to hire selectively in some areas of the business, some of it pertains to our compliance and reporting and surveillance work. We also had the acquisition of Best Quotes at the beginning of this year, which increased the headcount, obviously. So, I think a flat year-over-year number by the time we get to the end of the year is the best guidance we can give.
Linda S. Huber: Yes, Peter, about 50 of those headcount are from acquisition.
Peter Appert: Got it. And then last thing, Ray, as you think longer term about the margin potential of the business you've obviously taken some significant cost out of the business obviously the margins are highly leveraged with what the revenue our performance looks like, but in the context of modest revenue recovery in '09 and '10 how much leverage is there in the margin number? Can you get back to 50% or is that desirable?
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: I think it really depends on where we see growth and what's driving it. I would say that probably somewhere between the mid 40% and 50% would be my expectation over the next couple of years. I certainly would be... I would not expect and would not try to be getting above 50%, but we also want to do our best to manage through a difficult environment about where we've been giving guidance in 2008, which is the mid 40s.
Peter Appert: Great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And at this time we have no further questions. Mr. McDaniel, I'll turn the conference back over to you for any closing remarks.
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr.: All right. I just want to thank everybody for joining us for this earnings call and we look forward to speaking with you after the third quarter. Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference, again, thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-23 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Westlake - VP, IR Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and CEO Linda S. Huber - EVP and CFO Brian M. Clarkson - President and COO Mark E. Almeida - Sr. VP and President of Moody's Analytics
Analysts: Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns John H. Neff - William Blair & Co. Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC Catriona Fallon - Citigroup Investment Research Lucas Binder - UBS Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers
Operator: Good day and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. At this time I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and then all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company we will open the conference up for questions and answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference to Lisa Westlake, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Westlake - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks, Audra. Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's results for the first quarter of 2008. I am Lisa Westlake, Vice President of Investor Relations. Moody's released its results for the first quarter of 2008 this morning. The earnings release and the presentation to accompany this teleconference are both available on our website our ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Moody's Corporation will lead this morning's conference call. Also on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody's Corporation. Before we get started, I'll call your attention to the cautionary language set out at the end of our earnings release. Certain statements my colleagues might make today may be forward-looking within the spirit of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This Act provides the Safe Harbor for such forward-looking statements. I direct your attention to the management's discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 and in other SEC filings made by the company from time to time. I would also like to point out that Safe Harbor statements under the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995 contained in our press release issued this morning. These set froth important factors that could cause actual results to differ from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I should point out that members of the media might be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. And now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Lisa, and thank you all for joining us on today's call. I'll begin our prepared remarks this morning with a brief summary of Moody's first quarter results. Linda will then take you through the quarter's operating highlights, provide some commentary on revenue and expenses and update you on our share repurchase program. I will then review recent developments in the regulatory area and finish with Moody's outlook for 2008. After that we'll be happy to respond your questions. Moody's revenue results in the first quarter clearly reflect a difficult credit market conditions in which we are operating. Revenue for the quarter was $431 million, down 26% from a year ago. Significant decreases in ratings revenue from new issuance across most sectors and asset classes were partially offset by our solid base of recurring revenue and strong growth in Moody's Analytics. As a result, while Moody's rated issuance was down 56% versus the prior year quarter, our revenue decline was only about half that amount. Operating income for the first quarter was $199 million, a decrease of 35% year-over-year. Prudent cost management helped to limit the impact of the weak operating environment on overall performance, and foreign currency translation had a positive impact on both revenue and operating income of approximately 200 basis points. Diluted earnings per share of $0.48 for the quarter declined 23% from $0.62 in the year ago period. Before turning the call over to Linda, I want to remind you that as of January 2008, we changed Moody's reported segments to reflect our business reorganization into Moody's Investor Service and Moody's Analytics. The credit rating agencies reported in the Moody's Investor Service segment and all of Moody's other commercial activities including Moody's KMV and sales of research produced by Moody's analysts are reported in the Moody's Analytics segment. At this point, I will turn the call over to Linda who will provide further detail on revenue and expenses for the quarter.
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Ray. I'll begin with revenue at the corporate level. Moody's U.S. revenue declined 39% year-over-year to $233 million, while non-U.S. revenue was down just 3% from the same period. Revenue from outside the U.S. accounted for 46% of Moody's total revenue for the quarter. Focusing on details by segment, for Moody's Investor Service, revenue was $298 million, representing a 37% decrease year-over-year. U.S. revenue from the ratings business was down 48%, while non-U.S. revenue declined 13%. Revenue from outside the U.S. represented 44% of total revenue. Changes in revenue and operating income were positively impacted by foreign currency translation of approximately 200 basis points and 220 basis points respectively. Global structured finance revenue was $107 million, down 57% year-over-year. U.S. structured finance revenue decreased 69% driven by significant declines in issuance across most categories with the biggest impact coming from residential mortgage-backed securities, commercial real estate finance and credit derivatives ratings businesses. Non-U.S. structured finance ratings revenue was down 29% from the prior year period led by declines in European credit derivatives and commercial real estate finance sectors. Global corporate finance revenue of $72 million for the first quarter declined 31% from the prior year period. U.S. corporate finance revenue decreased 41% year-over-year. Significant revenue growth from rating U.S. investment grade debt was more than offset by high double-digit declines in revenue from rating speculative grade bonds and bank loans. Outside the U.S. corporate finance revenue was down 6% due primarily to a decline in revenue from rating European speculative grade securities. Global financial institutions revenue of $64 million decreased 4% for the first quarter of 2008. U.S. financial institutions revenue was down 5% year-over-year. Growth in the banking sector was more than offset by revenue declines in the insurance, finance and securities sectors. Outside the U.S., financial institutions revenue declined 4% as growth in the insurance sector was more than offset by a decline in revenue from the larger European banking sector. Global revenue from the public project and infrastructure finance business was up 9% from a year ago reported by double-digit growth in project and infrastructure finance, while U.S. revenue was flat for this business, non-U.S. revenue increased 32%. Turning now to Moody's Analytics. Global revenue of $133 million increased 20% from the prior year period. Demand outside of the U.S. continued to be robust with non-U.S. revenue representing about 50% of the total. Revenue from subscriptions grew to 118 million and contributed to greater stellar growth while the smaller software and consulting businesses delivered 22% and 42% revenue growth respectively. Foreign currency translation positively impacted operating results, increasing revenue and operating income growth by approximately 220 basis points and 310 basis points respectively. Moving on to operating expenses, Moody's operating expenses for the quarter totaled $231 million, down 17% from the prior year period. Cost reduction initiatives that we began in the second half of 2007 contributed to these results. About three quarters of the expense reduction was driven by lower personal costs including lower incentive compensation expense while the remaining quarter was driven by savings across non-compensation related expenses. First quarter 2008 operating expenses benefited from approximately $10 million or about $0.02 per share of expense reduction specific to this quarter, largely from stock-based compensation expense. Non-operating expenses for the quarter included a benefit of approximately $9 million from foreign currency translation. Operating margin from the quarter was 46.3% which was 600 basis points lower than the first quarter of 2007. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 38.5%. I'd like to turn now to an update on capital allocation and stock buyback. Moody's remains committed to using a strong cash flow to create value for shareholders by investing in growing areas of our business, by making selective acquisitions in related businesses, and by repurchasing our own stock and paying a modest dividend. During first quarter of 2008 Moody's repurchased 7.5 million shares at a total cost of $265 million and issued about 1 million shares under employee stock-based compensation plan. Outstanding shares as of March 31st 2008 totaled 244.7 million representing an 11% decrease from a year earlier. First quarter share repurchases were funded using a combination of free cash flow and borrowings. At quarter-end Moody's had $1.2 billion of outstanding debt with an additional $400 million in existing capacity available. Also at the end of the quarter Moody's had $1.8 billion of share repurchase authority remaining under its current program. In terms of expanding our business the acquisition of BQuotes in January added a key component to Moody's new pricing valuation services. BQuotes, is a global provider of price discovery tools and end-of-day pricing services for a wide range of fixed income securities. In conjunction with our earlier acquisition of Mergent and our internally developed discounted cash flow valuation service Moody's is now positioned to offer a complete range of fixed income pricing and valuation services. Moody has also signed a technical service agreement in February with BRC Investor Services, a rating agency based in Bogota, Colombia. This relationship provides us with an important entry into another emerging market within Latin America. The terms of these transactions were not disclosed. The financial impact to Moody's is not expected to be material. Finally I'd like to remind everyone that Moody's will host its third annual investor day on Thursday June 5, 2008 in New York City. The event will be webcast and details will be provided on Moody's Investor Relations website. And with that I'll turn the call back over to Ray.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Linda. I would like to now provide a brief update on regulatory developments. We continue to have active communications with regulatory authorities in the U.S. and internationally. As discussed last quarter policymakers and regulators continue to focus closely on the financial services sector including specific attention to the role used in performance of rating agencies. On a global level in preparation for its mid-April meeting the G7 finance ministers and central bank to bank governors had asked the Financial Stability Forum, which is a working group of securities regulators and banking authorities, to provide a set of specific recommendations on five topics, including the role in use of credit ratings in valuing structured financed products. To ensure that its report to the G7 represented a coordinated regulatory approach, the Financial Stability Forum or FSF in turn asked a number of global regulatory authorities including the international organization of securities commissions and the bank of international settlements for their views and recommendations. The FSF's final report was delivered to the G7 at their meeting on April 11 in Washington. With respect to the credit rating agency industry, the FSF's recommendations addressed improving the quality of the rating process and managing conflicts of interests, distinguishing ratings on structured finance products from those on corporate ratings, expanding the initial and ongoing information provided on the risk characteristics of structured products and enhancing the review of the quality of the data input and of the due diligence performed on underlying assets by others involved in structured finance products. The FSF also recommended that both investors and regulators carefully assess their use of ratings and that investors develop standards of due diligence and credit analysis before investing in structured products. In addition, we understand that the SEC is wrapping up its examination of rating agencies including Moody's and that it expects to issue a report for early this summer. After this report is published the SEC is expected to begin a second round of rule making. Moody's supports the ongoing efforts being undertaken by U.S. and global policymakers and regulatory organizations. Moody's has been responding to questions from these officials and participating in various reviews as appropriate, including providing our views on Moody's role in the structured finance market, ways to raise market awareness about the meaning of our ratings and steps that we are taking to demonstrate sound independent rating processes. While we continue to proactively communicate our messages and seek to understand and address the issues and concerns of various authorities may have, the ultimate outcome is still undetermined and is difficult to forecast. I would like to conclude this morning's prepared remarks by discussing our outlook for 2008. Moody's outlook for 2008 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, merger and acquisition activity, consumer spending, residential mortgage borrowing and refinancing activity, securitization levels and capital markets issuance. There is an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions and if actual conditions differ from these assumptions, Moody's results for the year may differ from our current outlook. Our full year outlook for Moody's 2008 performance is unchanged from our previous guidance issued on March 11. For Moody's overall full year 2008, revenue is expected to decline in the mid-to-high teens percent range. This decline assumes foreign currency translation in 2008 at current exchange rates. Revenue guidance for certain lines of business has changed somewhat based on conditions specific to those sectors and geographies. We anticipate the weakness of the first quarter to continue at least through the second quarter with some improvement in market liquidity and issuance conditions later in the year. Recently, we have seen modest improvement of debt issuance in some sectors that are under stress, but overall activity remains constrained and confident sensitive. We remain cautious about the likely pace and strength of recovering credit markets in 2008 and note that Moody's will continue to face challenging year-on-year comparisons against record 2000 performance for the remainder of the first half of this year. That said, we do expect modest sequential improvement in revenue through 2008. Full year expenses are expected to decline about 8% on an as reported basis compared to full year 2007. Excluding the restructuring charge of $50 million in 2007, full year expenses are expected to decline about 5%. We expect the full year 2008 operating margin to be in the mid 40s percent range due primarily to lower ratings revenue. Earnings per share for 2008 are projected in the range from $1.90 to $2. For the global Moody's Investors Service business we expect revenue for the full year 2008 to decline in the mid 20s percent range. Within the US, we project Moody's Investors Service revenue to decrease in the mid 30s percent range for the full year. In the US structured finance business we expect revenue for the year to decline in the high 50s percent range, reflecting large double-digit percent declines in most asset classes led by residential mortgage-backed securities, commercial real estate finance, and credit derivative ratings. In the US corporate finance business, we expect revenue to decrease in the mid to high 20s percent range for the years driven primarily by declines in speculative grade bond and bank loan ratings. In the US financial institutions and public project and infrastructure finance sectors, we project revenue in 2008 to grow in the low to mid single digit percent ranges respectively. Outside the US, we expect Moody's Investors Service revenues to decrease in the high single digit percent range, good growth from rating financial institutions, public project and infrastructure finance, and corporate securities is expected to be more than offset by a decline in structured finance ratings revenue primarily in Europe. For Moody's analytics we continue to expect revenue growth in the mid-teens percent range. Growth in the US and outside the US is projected to be in the low-teens and high-teens percent ranges respectively. Growth in the subscription business is expected to be in the mid-teens percent range reflecting continued demand for credit and economic research, structured finance analytics and the impact of our newly formed pricing and valuation business. In the software business we expect revenue to be about flat compared to 2007 and in the smaller consulting business we anticipate very strong growth reflecting a robust pipeline of professional services engagements and credit training projects. There is considerable demand for Moody's expertise in credit education, risk modeling and scorecard development as customers implement more sophisticated risk management processes and comply with regulatory requirements. That concludes our prepared remarks. And joining us for the question and answer session are Brian Clarkson, President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investor Service and Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics. We'd be pleased to take any questions you may have. Question And Answer
Operator: : Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We'll go first to Karl Choi of Merrill Lynch.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Hi, a couple of questions. One is on the revenue side. Could you split the... could you give us the split between transactions versus non transactions revenues in the quarter and also for non transaction rev... ratings revenues, how did they do in the quarter?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Karl it's Linda. I have got the split of relationship and transaction revenues for the quarter, it's very easy now, it's exactly 50:50.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Then how did relationship-based revenues do in the quarter?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: For MIS, the total relationship revenue for the quarter was $148.4 million.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: But what about the year-over-year growth I guess, that's what I was looking for?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's... it's... the relationship based revenue is up from last year, obviously more than offset by the reduction in transaction based revenue year-on-year and it would be... my estimate would be about $20 million up for the relationship based revenue.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And as far as expenses, Linda could you go through a little bit the details about incentive compensation, how much it was and also could you explain a little bit more the $10 million lower stock based compensation?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. Obviously we've been watching expenses very carefully, Karl, and we are very pleased to have expenses down 17%. We intend to keep the focus on the expense line and as we had said for the rest of the year I think, Ray indicated expenses will be down 5% as compared to last year ex the restructuring charge. Incentive compensation for the first quarter was 7% of total compensation that was down from 16% in this quarter last year, so a little bit less than half. Stock compensation was 7% of total compensation down from 11% last year and all other was 86%. So total compensation for the first quarter was $161.5 million and I hope that's what you are looking for.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Yes. And if you deliver on your guidance, what sort of percentage... in terms of incentive compensation and what should we expect as a percentage of revenues?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think we usually have... compensation is about 70% of our total expenses and I think we'd probably think that that would hold in line, Karl. But of course, if we do, do better throughout the balance of the year we would have to add to our compensation flow of credits [ph] a little early to forecast that right now.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We will move next to Peter Appert at Goldman Sachs.
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Linda keeping on that topic for a second fee, are you pretty much done then with the staff reduction initiatives you'd started at the end of last year. And can you tell us where you are on staffing?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. We had announced at the end of last year that we would eliminate 275 employees and at this point we are most of the way through that. We do have some individuals who will be transitioned as we outsource our data center here at Moody's. The net effect of all of this though, Peter, since we have had some additions in other parts of the business because we have purchased other businesses, our headcount at the end of Q1 2008 was 3515 and at the end of Q4 2007 we were about 3600 people. So you can that the net difference is not that great.
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thank you. And Linda or Ray, can you give us any added color on what you are seeing in terms of the pipeline going into the second quarter, anything interesting in terms of geographic differences or specific product categories you could comment on?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Peter it's a little bit difficult to comment on the pipeline, of course, of the businesses right now for a couple of reasons. But the answer to your question I would say that in the structured finance area we probably see the credit card in auto receivable pipelines holding up best. We've seen a little bit more activity recently coming out of quite a lot of its own [ph] obligations and commercial real estate. But those are still weak compared to what we've seen before the credit turmoil and outside of structured where we normally look to the pipeline is on high yield and leverage loans and again I would make the same comment. There's been a little bit of an up-tick but still very weak compared to what we would consider normal conditions in normal pipeline. The other problem though is what comes into the pipeline and what then comes out of the pipeline. And so the question about what assets or pooled assets or corporate loans and bonds are actually being issued is heavily susceptible to investors willingness to step-up and buy credit sensitive instruments and there is still a component sensitivity issue.
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: Right, right, okay, fair enough. Thank you. And then just last thing, Linda, what's your thought on taking the debt levels up higher to fund further stock repurchases. Would you be willing to do that or is the stock repurchases going forward have to come pretty much exclusively from cash flow from operations?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think, Peter that would be our first source. The most important thing for us is to maintain... comfortably maintain our A1 commercial paper rating. So we watched that very carefully. We do have additional capacity as we had discussed and I think we've moved quite energetically to buy back the stock when it was cheap. If you do the division I think we bought back the shares in the first quarter below 35.50. So we think we caught a lot of it at the weakest point in the stock we hope. So going forward we'll monitor this and see how it goes but we are pretty comfortable with where we are and we'd probably look more toward free cash flow for the rest of the year.
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Next we will go to Michael Meltz at Bear Stearns.
Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns: Hi, three questions. But following up on Peter's question internationally, Ray, can you talk about what you are seeing there? I think you're... there is certainly a variance between your performance there in the first quarter in the US and internationally. And could you give us a sense as to what you are seeing in Q2? Secondly your guidance talks about sequential revenue improvement throughout the year. Can you just clarify, is that on a percentage basis or are you talking absolute dollars which wouldn't make all that much sense, but I am just... want to make sure I understand that. And then lastly, analytics, can you just tells us in the first quarter what was US versus international growth rates, please?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Let me address the... our expectation from modest sequential improvement first. We do expect to have some modest increase in dollar revenue through the remainder of the year compared to the first quarter, but it is modest. To the extent that we've had a dramatic decline in most of our transaction based businesses any recovery does not have to be robust for that to contribute to top line growth versus the first quarter. So when I say sequential improvement, I am saying sequential improvement over the first quarter, not year-over-year compared to 2007.
Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns: Does that mean you are expecting... understanding you have a tough comparison in Q2, does that mean you are expecting revenues to grow in the fourth quarter?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Are you expecting revenues to grow in the fourth quarter over the first quarter of this year?
Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns: No, over the fourth quarter of '07?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are not giving out quarterly guidance on revenues but I do expect sequential improvement from the first quarter of this year.
Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns: Okay.
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And Michael on your question on analytics, it split quite evenly for the first quarter in terms of revenue between US and international; both of them are about $66 million. The growth rates in the US 15% and internationally 25%.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And just to address your last question, Mike, I'm going to ask Brian Clarkson, if he would offer some comments on the US international.
Brian M. Clarkson - President and Chief Operating Officer: Sure. With respect to US versus International, I think your question was specifically what we are seeing with respect to international. And what we are hoping... we hope we are seeing with respect to the pipeline is a modest increase over the first quarter. We think that the... even the banking and financial institutions was down in the first quarter that was mostly due to transactions being pushed off into the second and third quarter. We expect that to sort of pickup over time. We also expect to see an improvement or some improvement with respect to CLOs. Unlike the US, what we have seen is a fairly robust pipeline. In US we have seen a fairly modest pipeline and... but the problem is sort of the close rate international has been down. We have seen a lot of transactions, so it's been put together looking for sort of spreads to come in so you can actually issue those. That we expect modest increase with respect to CLOs, we should... expect modest increase with respect to financial institutions and bank loans, we don't see it with respect to leverage loan. So, if I were to sort of estimate your feel, it probably took [ph] a little further with respect to international versus US but not a lot.
Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns: Okay. Thank you.
Brian M. Clarkson - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes.
Operator: We'll go next to John Neff at William Blair.
John H. Neff - William Blair & Co.: Hi, thank you. A few questions for you. Just from... a quick one from the big picture standpoint. Do you foresee any more shoes left to drop in the debt capital markets, in other words things like SIVs or auction rates? Or do you think that we've pretty much exposed all the problems that we can reasonably expect at this point? And then kind of a related question, does your guidance implicitly assuming that the bottom has booked in... put in the first quarter from an issuing standpoint?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well with respect to the debt capital markets, as we've all seen, this has been a rolling credit crunch. It has moved from sector to sector and across geographies. Well, I think it would be a stretch for me to say that we won't see any other areas affected. I think the bigger concern on the downside at this point in my opinion would be recycling of credit problems back into areas that have already been under stress. In the consumer sector in the US, for example, if we have spiking unemployment and how that might affect, the US housing market further how that might affect consumer debt outside of mortgages. So we may see some further contagion but I would pay most attention to out recycling of problems through the areas that have already been hardest hit. And I apologize I didn't get the second question? I don't know [multiple speakers].
John H. Neff - William Blair & Co.: Just on the... does your guidance essentially sound to me a little bit like you are sort of a assuming... there was an assumption there that we put the bottom in the first quarter from the standpoint of issuance volumes.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I... whether we have put in a firm bottom or not, is of course going to be subject to some speculation. I do believe that if we are not at the bottom we are near it in terms of our business. And I say that because the transaction based businesses have been very, very hard hit. This includes both structured finance in the US and internationally. It includes speculative great bonds and bank loans, US and internationally. So not everything that can go wrong has gone wrong, but a lot of what can go wrong has gone wrong and so that encourages me to think that we are if not at the bottom near the bottom.
John H. Neff - William Blair & Co.: Okay, that's very helpful. The consulting piece in the analytics business were up 44%. Can you just remind us what the consulting business entails? You sort of touched on in your comments and also what parts of that business are potentially being targeted by regulators here; some of those comments circulating earlier this week?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'd be happy to answer that. I will let Mark Almeida begin and I might jump in with a couple of comments.
Mark E. Almeida - Senior Vice President and President of Moody's Analytics: The consulting piece in Moody's analytics; first is a... it's a relatively small piece of the overall business that it primarily reflects validation and calibration projects that we do for banks that as part of their... responsible to compliance activities and it also reflects our training services... our credit training programs that we offer to banks and other customers.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I just... from the regulatory perspective, two comments. One is, there is clearly a regulatory interest in seeing that any work that might come under a consulting label is fire walled from the credit rating agency and we have, I think, done that very effectively. Secondly once it is fire-walled from the rating agency we are receiving strong encouragement both from market participants and from over-side authorities to provide these kind of services such as credit training to raise awareness about credit risk, credit analytics and the assessment of instruments that are being offered to the institutional investor community.
John H. Neff - William Blair & Co.: Thank you. And then Linda a question for you. Any color on D&A expense outlook? Is the first quarter kind of a good run rate and along that line have you given any CapEx expectations for this year. Are we kind of back to normal after the new headquarters related spike last year?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I think we have a little bit heavier CapEx in the first quarter than might be expected for the rest of the year because we've been finalizing our state out of building. I think it probably would be good to use about $40 million number for the whole year John and so a little bit heavier in the first quarter.
John H. Neff - William Blair & Co.: Okay, that's great. And then kind of a last question here and I can get back in the queue. Historically second quarter EPS has been higher than the first quarter. You are talking about a sequential increase in revenues from the first quarter base line. Can we expect kind of a similar EPS sort of progression over the course of the year and then related to that you are still guiding to a mid-40s percent operating margin for this year... for the full year despite doing 46.3% in this quarter and expectations of a more stable credit environment and sequentially increasing revenue on a go-forward basis. So if you could just sort of reconcile that a little?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay Linda and I may share this answer, but let me start. The... our revenue expectation for the remainder of the year as we've talked about do expect improve... we do expect improvement off of this first quarter, but we don't expect a lot of improvement. In particular some of the seasonality that we have seen in this business in prior years, I think is going to be importantly dampened. And that seasonality historically had heavily come from our structure and finance business and because of the overall decline in issuance activity and ratings in that business, I think that will take out some of the spikes that we have seen, the saw tooth nature of the business that he had seen in prior years. Against that expected modest increase in revenue, we are continuing to manage expenses as prudently as we can, but we did point out that a bit of our expense management in the first quarter related to first quarter specific items and expense savings that I don't think we'll be able to count on or at least forecast for the rest of the year. So that will constrain our ability to grow EPS if we do see a low growth revenue environment as we are expecting.
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And John, to take the other side of that as Ray and I sometimes do, I think we just said that we are very pleased with how the margin came out for the first quarter. Obviously we watch it very, very closely and since we are not going to have the saw tooth seasonality that we did in previous years, if we do have revenue growth, at this point we do have quite a bit of operating leverage, because we've removed a lot of cost from the business. So, we would hope, if conditions do improve, that potentially we may see some improvement. But as Ray said, it's far to early to call that at this moment, but we continue to manage costs very, very tightly and of course as revenues do pick up, we would be looking to do more on our compensation lines for our people if we do have improved conditions toward the end of the year.
John H. Neff - William Blair & Co.: Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Edward Atorino at Benchmark Company.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Hi, a couple of questions. On the other line which was 3 million bucks down rather dramatically from the fourth quarter, I know that line bounces around a lot, I thought it would be much higher. Is there any way you could provide some insight as to what that line might look like as the year goes along?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes Ed, we worked very hard to make sure that this line was minimized in the first quarter and we did quite well, we are pleased about this. The big components of non-operating expense would be an FX gain of $8.6 million and interest income of about $5 million. Now the expense on borrowing... we have higher borrowings obviously, about $13 million, we've got our FIN 48 expense about $3 million and we've got some items in there. About $11 million of that may not recur in further quarters. So while we were looking at expense of about 3 million on the total all other line for the first quarter, that might look more like 14 million on a more normalized basis. But obviously we are working very hard to minimize that line.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. Secondly, on this 5% increase, I... reading that meaning second, third, fourth quarter this year versus last year, cost will be up 5%, I mean down 5%?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. And lastly Ray would you want to speculate on --
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sorry Ed, I am sorry to interrupt. Just to be clear, we are anticipating cost to be down 5% full year.
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Over the course of the full year.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Over the... yes [multiple speakers].
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Not the next... not just the next three quarters?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. So take into account --
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Just to make sure we were clear.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Take last year's costs and knocking down 5% then spread it out.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. Second, would you... I mean I have read Mr. Clark's [ph] statements and there is a beginning of Times article you are aware of. I got a call this morning from him... where might... can you speculate where this might go other than just beat up the rating agencies? It seems you are a little bit ahead of the curves so to speak in doing what they want you to do. Is there any smoking guns a bit or to say is there really sneaky thing in there that might cause a problem?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well the process is ongoing. The SEC has been in and met with us a number of times. And they are expected to release their report in early summer. So we know that much. Beyond that they have not communicated to us privately what their findings or conclusions are going to be in the report. I think we have done many of the things that they are identifying as being appropriate and necessary for this business and so I feel good about that. And I would just add one comment based on the hearing yesterday. I did note that the Chairman commented that because they have staff on-site at the rating agencies when they see issues they act on the spot. And I can confirm that we've not been asked to respond to any issues that they have identified. So there may be things that come up in the report that we have to address and I understand that, that process is not complete. But they have not asked us to take any actions so far.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll go next to Catriona Fallon of Citigroup.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup Investment Research: Yes hi. Linda, two quick questions for you and then a follow up then for Ray. Linda, I know you gave the 50:50 split on transaction versus surveillance. But can you give that by segments or by structures, by corporate, by financial institutions?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes Katrina, I can. What we have got for our corporate finance, we have got transactions are 53% of revenue and relationships are 47%. For financial institutions it's 44% transactions 56% relationships. For the TPIF segment, it's 58% transaction and 44% relationship. And for structured finance now it's 48% transaction and 52% relationship, and all that when weighted and so on comes out to exactly 50:50.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup Investment Research: Okay, great. And then just to clarify the $10 million in expense reduction that was related to stock-based comp on the quarter. Can you help us understand why that was specifically related to this quarter and isn't something that's ongoing? Is this something that's going to kind of snap back in Q4?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well it's actually related to the restructuring charge that we took. And so we had a higher than normal equity forfeiture rate Catriona, meaning that we had a fewer people here who were receiving equity in the first quarter than we might have had otherwise. So given that the results of those restructuring actions are rolling through and are largely completed, we would see that the main impact to that would be in the first quarter.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup Investment Research: Okay great. And then Ray, so I have been following the report from ASCO [ph] and from the G7 the FSF, and the main comments that I had question around were the comments around the due diligence. So it's my understanding that securities lot dictates who has the responsibility for carrying out the due diligence and providing accurate information, what do you make of the comments around requiring or asking the rating agencies to do more intelligence? And what might have to change in the cost structure? It's something like that whether it be passed on to the rating agencies. And would there be a change in the fee structure for instance as well?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, you are correct, Catriona. There is clearly an interest by regulatory authorities in seeing an improvement in the quality and consistency of information that is being made available, not just to rating agencies but to market participants more broadly. And the regulatory authorities are looking for mechanisms to achieve that objective. They have talked about, I think because of the positions the rating agencies occupy and looking at the securities being issued, they are interested in seeing what we can do to help assure that there is this greater consistency quality in the underlying assets associated with those securities. To the extent that we are asked to provide some sort of service that checks that the third parties that have provided this information had gone through their own rating and validation process I think that is workable and probably something the industry has the capacity to take on. To the extent that they are looking at us to be due diligence firms in terms of looking at the full range of consumer and commercial assets that are being made available into the capital markets, that would be a large burden. And the latter would have to be accompanied by more fundamental changes in the business, the staffing, the kind of work that we do. And there would be costs associated with that. And my view is that it is more efficient and achieves essentially the same ends, having us oversee and verify that other third parties have done this work. But that decision has not been finally reached yet.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup Investment Research: And if it were do you think that could also then be something that's passed on as an additional cost to the issuer from the rating agencies?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Again it depends on how significant what we're being asked to do is. If we're being asked to do something very resource intensive, time consuming, staff consuming, yes we would have to pass those costs along.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup Investment Research: Great, thank you
Operator: We'll go next to Lucas Binder at UBS.
Lucas Binder - UBS: Hi, thank you very much. Couple of quick questions. If we can go back to the expense items for the quarter. Linda, can you maybe walk us through first of all the percent of expenses that were for stock-based comp and for incentive comp for all of last year or at least the last three quarters of last year? So I understand where the benefit is going to translate through the rest of the year because this is a pretty meaningful impact in the first quarter. When do you get that benefit for the rest of the year as well?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Lucas,unfortunately, I've only got the quarter-over-quarter comparisons here in front of me. And I can do those but I can't do full year.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Most of it will come in the first quarter. I don't have the numbers Lucas but most of it will be associated with the first quarter.
Lucas Binder - UBS: And the same thing goes with the incentive compensation as well those benefits. Because last year second quarter was so good I would have thought that there would been some accruals there?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The incentive-based compensation will... to the extent that we don't have a miraculous recovery in the markets, will also be reflected in the second quarter because we did have such a strong first half last year.
Lucas Binder - UBS: Okay. Then maybe Ray if you want to talk a little bit about... obviously, you guys have been the most proactive with regard to considering alternatives to the ratings and changes the ratings and working with the regulators. Have you seen in the investment community how Moody's is being perceived or changed in a way that the investors are kind of using your ratings?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think that the ratings are still largely being used for their traditional purposes. But there is clearly interest and in some areas demand for us to make additional information content available around complex securities. And as we talked about before whether we can provide additional information on rating transition or volatility risk whether we can make additional information available. On the assumptions and sensitivities to changes in assumptions that go into our models, but that I think would very much be welcomed by the market as opposed to for example, a change in our core rating system and how that might be used. So it's more an enhancement of what we provide and enhancement in how ratings can be used rather than changing the way they are currently used.
Lucas Binder - UBS: Okay. And one last question with regard to international. I know you spoke a bit about where certain parts of the business are holding up. When you look at how deterioration hit the U.S. as rapidly as it did, do you see any trends internationally that give you any pause or you think that you have a pretty good sense of where that backlog certainly stays down [ph]?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Brian [ph] may have some additional comments on this but I guess my initial comment would be that the international business is clearly being affected by problems that started here in the U.S. It has not been as bad as what we've seen in the U.S. for a number of reasons and including the fact that despite some housing stress internationally, we don't have same kind of subprime problem that we do here. But also some of the more sensitive areas or areas that are under stress or not as large, apart of our business internationally. So for example, the speculative grade bond and loan market are important to us in Europe, in particular but they are not nearly the size as in the U.S. even on a percentage basis. So it's more of an investment grade market. And we have more secular growth coming out of the international markets because formally unrated institutions coming in and seeking ratings for the first time. And we see that's in a lot of emerging markets, central or eastern Europe for example. So there is more of a flow of new rating mandates.
Unidentified Company Representative: The only thing that I would add is that what we've seen is we've seen it more than we've seen in Asia. Asia has been much less affected. Other areas, China, Brazil, Russia, India have been much less affected. And the impact that we've seen on transactions is due to spread widening and also a lack of liquidity in the market rather than an issue with respect to subprime which as Ray said, we didn't really see. I mean you don't see 100% LTV loans, you don't see dark loans [ph] in Europe. And so it's more an effect of the overall sort of financial markets than it is a specific issue related to the subprime.
Lucas Binder - UBS: Great. Thank you very much.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll move next to Craig Huber at Lehman Brothers.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Yes thank you. Can you give us the percent change of your overall transactions led revenues within ratings, the percent change for non-transaction please?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes from... within Moody's Investor Service first quarter last year was about 73% was transaction, 27% was revenue. And as Linda said that's now gone to a 50:50 split. We got there in a way that wasn't desirable but it's still moved to a 50:50 split. And I would expect we are going to continue to see something like that split going forward for a while.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then can you speak about your revenues outside of Europe, outside the U.S. what that percent change was those ratings related revenues in the quarter please? Against for Asia but what was the percent change there?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our international business in Asia and Latin America in the first quarter was up... it was up modestly. It was mid single digits for Moody's Investor Service. And then when we layered in Moody's Analytics it was up just about 10%.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Then can we talk a little bit about your expenses that were down 17% here in the first quarter? Your guidance excluding the restructuring charge, those were clearly down [indiscernible]. This simple math implies the last three quarters year-over-year would be down about 1%.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.About flat right.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: So would you walk through that? I mean you are roughly $231 million expensed in the first quarter. The average the last three quarters is roughly $265 million. Can you walk us through roughly that $34 million delta each quarter versus what happened in the first quarter?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Craig, it's Linda. We're not going to go through it quarter by quarter. I think it would be fair to say that in Moody's Analytics we got a business that's growing 20%. We have got some good growth internationally, and we're doing some acquisitions. We would see that what we're trying to do is managed taking expenses down with reinvesting them in the growing part of the business. And we think so far we've got that pretty much right. But our intention would be to try to manage that balance prudently and make sure that we're able to invest in the growing areas of the business and maybe Ray may have some more to say about that.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No,I think that's fair.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Other than the one, the items you talked about in the first quarter, is there anything else that kind of splits this gap? It's actually $34 million reported in the first quarter, or a negative 5%, just trying to be overly conservative perhaps?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, we are conservative folks here Craig. One of the things I would point out to you as for instance. Our T&E line was down from $9 million in the first quarter last year to $4.5 million this year. Now some of that is because of travel efficiencies, and some of that was because our folks have just taken fewer trips. As the market picks back up, it's pretty important that they get back out there on the road and do what they need to do. So we would expect that the savings in that line, while it may be down versus last year, we may actually see some growth and that would be healthy as market recovers as people need to get back out on the road. So, we're trying to be prudent about what we would see in terms of expense management here. We are relentlessly focused on it though and we're being very careful to make sure that we are looking at every single line that we have and that we're dealing appropriately with our costs. One of the things we're looking to do, for example, is we will be coming out of our New Jersey office space. We are moving 250 million... I am sorry, 250 people... not 250 million, 250 people back here to New York to our 7 World Trade Center location. That will help us on an expense run rate towards each of the next four years, reduce expenses by about $6 million, have tax benefits and then we have additional benefits coming from the city and state of New York for bringing those jobs back here. So, we are looking at every single line, but we don't want to shut off prudent investment to the growing parts of the business.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: So it's part of that, you're expecting latter part of the year, you're just bringing in more people. Again it's tall gap [ph] of 30 to 35 million just flexing to me.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think we probably.... from where we are now I think we probably will have some increase in staff. Again we do want to both grow the parts of the business that are growing. We want to make sure we continue our international expansion in a prudent way. We may have some additional compliance costs that would not be surprising given the close regulatory scrutiny that the industry has been under. So yes I think it's fair to say while we are managing costs closely we are going to continue to feed the business where either it's necessary or we think it's setting us up for growth in '09 and 2010.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Great, thank you.
Operator: And next we'll go to William Hogan [ph] at ValueAct Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: Ray and Linda, first, I wanted to congratulate you on strong cost management and in order to grow through obviously very difficult issuance environment. But I had a couple of questions. If you are looking out longer term at this business and Ray you talked about last fall, a 10% to 12% of the revenue going away for at least the next couple of years. How should investors think about? Certainly there is a secular decline, a secular component and there is a cyclical component. How do you think about that 10% and 12% going forward through 2009 and 2010 as well as how do you think about that sort of 10% to 15% long term growth rate?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Will. The 10% to 12% revenue extinction that I have talked about before, I think it's secular. That is not as a result of cyclical conditions. Those are sectors of fixed income activity coming out of structured finance but I just don't believe are going to return. Now, some alternative sources of funding may very well take that place, whether it's through direct corporate issuance or financial institution issuance to support capital raising activities. I think it's fair to say that once we get out of this turmoil there will be some alternatives emerging. But I do think that $200 million to $250 million that we talked about before is going on essentially a permanent basis. The other areas of the business, including some of the areas of structured finance that are being very hard hit right now I think are subject to cyclical but not secular conditions. I would expect to see commercial real estate finance and collateralized loan obligation activity pick up again. Certainly would expect to see speculative grade bond and loan activity pick up again. Those areas have always been very cyclical. So we are currently dealing with declines in areas that are attributable to both secular and cyclical downturns. And we're going to get some of that back but not the $200 million to $250 million. I just don't think we are going to get that back.
Unidentified Analyst: And that was off of a 2006 number, is that off of a 2007 number?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Coincidentally it's approximately the same because structured finance ended up being about flat last year on revenue after the very strong first half and the steep decline in the second half. So it would come off of each year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And the second question is regarding the incentive comp. And I believe the budget was set off of the original guidance, which is more like $2.21 per share. How did you, on an earnings basis, perform relative to that initial budget and initial guidance?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, it's Linda. We then as you saw when we reissued our guidance upon, I believe it was February 11th, we reset our comp according to that --
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: March 11th.
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am sorry, excuse me, March 11th. We like to minimize the number of times we reissue guidance. We sort of recalibrated as of March 11th and we took down our compensation view as a result of that. So that's where we are.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We did not publicly put out a first quarter forecast, so I don't want to do it retroactively now.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So the incentive comp for the year, is it a function of that original guidance or is it a function of the $1.90 to $2.00 per share?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's a function of the $1.90 to $2.00 per share.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. All right, thank you.
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, thanks Will [ph].
Operator: We will move next to Karl Choi at Merrill Lynch.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Hey Linda just wondered if you can give us the split between transactions and relationship base revenues for the second quarter of last year?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, we --
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's... whether we... we have a lot of information in front of us but we don't have that. So --
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would expect though it would look quite similar to what we saw in the first quarter last year, that's 73:27 split. Without having the numbers in front of me just thinking back to market conditions, the first and second quarters last year were both very strong off of the transaction side of the business. So roughly speaking I would expect to see the same kinds of numbers.
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, and Karl for the first quarter that was sort of 70%, 80%... 80% in the high-end [ph] structure finance for transactions and the relationship being the balance. But as we've said that's come nicely into 50:50 balance for the whole company for the first quarter of this year.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Okay. I will follow up with Lisa then. Could you give us the split in terms of corporate finance revenues in your buckets [ph] then?
Lisa Westlake - Vice President, Investor Relations: Yes, that we do have. If you are looking for first quarter of 2008, Karl, is that okay? Okay.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Are you looking for first quarter '07 or '08?
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: '08, sorry.
Lisa Westlake - Vice President, Investor Relations: Okay. Good, because we've got that. The high yield percentage is 6%, which is versus 20% for the first quarter of last year, investment grade is 24% down... I am sorry up from 14% from last year. Bank credit facilities are 13% versus 28% from last year and other which is medium term note shelf, commercial paper, and other things is 57% versus 38% from last year. And the corporate finance number is 24% of total MIS and last year it was 22%. That gets you there Karl?
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Great. Well, thank you.
Operator: And we will take our final question from Edward Atorino at Benchmark Company.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Hello. How are you doing? [Indiscernible] says to the fact, it's a great concept. Getting back to this loss of business forever, one has to believe Wall Street's got some pretty bright guys less the trading desks. Any thoughts of whether you said you lose X -- whether there could be some new instruments coming around that would basically replace all the business that's been lost or is that just a speculative to think about?
Brian M. Clarkson - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes. Hey, Ed, it's Brian Clarkson, how are you?
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: I'm fine.
Brian M. Clarkson - President and Chief Operating Officer: Good. We talked to the Street all the time. They are certainly working on a number of things. I would say that none of them are far enough along where we would feel comfortable to say this is going to be a revenue stream on a going forward basis. Most of them are sort of in the... are definitely in the preliminary category. There's certainly bolster funds out there looking at things. They are looking at different types of structures. What I will say is that in the near term, and its hard to define is that what we are going... what we are seeing is people going back to simplicity. You are seeing simpler structure, you are seeing de-leveraging, you are seeing investors looking for things that the same types of structure you saw four, five years ago where if there's not a lot of complexity, that's easy to understand and easy to take the credit committee. So while we are seeing some innovation, it's very preliminary right now and we are mostly seeing sort of a flight to simplicity.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would just add also that we certainly recognize that the ability to introduce new instruments or instruments that are currently not very active back into the market is heavily reliant on a restoration of confidence --
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Sure.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: ...and credit ratings and what we do. And we are very focused on that to have a justifiable sense of confidence in the opinions we are putting out through our credit ratings. But that process is going to take a while. Folks have lost a lot of money and they are going to take a while to come back into certain areas of the capital markets.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: One other thought. If you begin to have the split rating system whatever it's going to be with [indiscernible] letters, would that affect the price structure for those ratings products or is it too early to make that kind of a comment?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In terms of the rating fees, I think at this point we are looking at what else we can associate with the ratings and see what the market take-up would be with that, how much does the market value it, how useful does it become as part of the apparatus and infrastructure of the markets? Depending on that value and whether it's high or low, we will see whether there's a pricing opportunity.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Thanks a lot.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude the question-and-answer session. I'll turn conference set over to management.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I just want to thank everyone for joining us today and remind you that we do have our Investor Day in June. Looking forward to seeing or hearing from many of you then. Thank you very much.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Again thank you for your participation.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-07 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Lisa Westlake - VP of IR Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and CEO Linda S. Huber - EVP and CFO Brian M. Clarkson - President and COO
Analysts: Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns John H. Neff - William Blair & Co. Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch Fred Searby - J.P. Morgan Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC Lucas Binder - UBS Catriona Fallon - Citigroup Investment Research Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2007 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I'd like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company we will open the conference up for questions and answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Lisa Westlake, Vise President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa Westlake - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thanks, Audra. Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us on today's teleconference to discuss Moody's results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2007. This is Lisa Westlake, Vice President of Investor Relations. Moody's released its results for the fourth quarter of 2007 and the full year this morning and the earnings release is available on our website at ir.moodys.com. In addition we have prepared a presentation to accompany this teleconference. The presentation is also available on our website. Ray McDaniel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Moody's Corporation, will lead this morning's conference call. Also on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody's Corporation. Before we get started I call your attention to the cautionary language set out at the end of our earnings release. Certain statements my colleagues and I make today may be forward-looking within the spirit of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This act provides the Safe Harbor for such forward-looking statements. I direct your attention to the management's discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed on our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005, and in other filings made by the company from time to time with the SEC. I'd also like to point out the Safe Harbor statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 contained in our press release issued this morning. These set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I should point out that members of the media might be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'll now pleased to turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Lisa and thank you all for joining us on today's call. I'll begin our prepared remark this morning with a brief summary of Moody's fourth quarter and full year results. Linda will then take you through the fourth quarter and full year operating highlights, provide some commentary on revenue and expenses, update you on our share repurchase program, and discuss several investments we have made since our last earnings call including real estate. I will then review developments in the regulatory areas and finish with Moody's outlook for 2008. After that we will be happy to respond to your questions. Moody's reported solid financial performance for full year 2007 based on very strong first half results partially offset by the unprecedented challenges affecting the ratings business in the second half. Looking first at the fourth quarter, revenue of $505 million was down 14% from the same period of 2006. Revenue declines in the ratings business resulting from unfavorable market conditions were partially offset by growth in our research at Moody's KMV businesses. Operating income for the fourth quarter was $212 million and included a restructuring charge of $48 million. Foreign currency translation had a positive impact on operating results increasing revenue in operating income growth by approximately 210 and 150 basis points respectively. Reported earnings per share for the quarter were $0.49, excluding our fourth quarter restructuring charge and 2006 gain on building sale. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.60 for the quarter declined 6% versus $0.64 for 2006. Turning briefly to full year 2007 results. Revenues approximately $2.3 billion was 11% higher than the full year of 2006. Operating income for 2007 was $1.1 billion including restructuring charges of $50 million. Reported earnings per share of $2.58 included $0.19 per benefit in the resolution of certain legacy tax matters, and $0.11 per share charge related restructuring actions. Excluding adjustments and the impact of the legacy tax matters in both years, full year 2007 earnings per share of $2.50 were 11% higher than the $2.25 in 2006. At this point I'll turn the call over to Linda, who'll provide further detail on revenue and expenses for the fourth quarter and full year 2007.
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Ray. I'll begin by providing details for the fourth quarter starting with our U.S. businesses. Moody's U.S. revenues was $277 million in the fourth quarter down 23% year-over-year. And Moody's Investors Service U.S. revenue was $258 million down 25% from a year ago. U.S. ratings revenues decline 31% year-over-year largely caused by 53% reduction in structured finance revenue driven by a significant declines in issuance across most structured finance asset category. Revenue from residential mortgage-backed securities was down 81%, a revenue from rating credit derivatives and commercial mortgage-backed securities declined 54% and 52% respectively. Asset-backed securities revenue decreased 18% from a year ago. U.S. corporate finance revenue increased 2% from the prior year period with gross in revenue from investment rate bond rating largely offset by double-digit percent revenue decline from rating high yield bonds and bank loan. U.S. financial institutions ratings revenue grew 5% driven mainly by favorable results in the insurance sector. U.S. public finance revenue declines 6% from the robust fourth quarter of 2006. Finally U.S. research revenue showed a strong increase of 23% from the prior year period. Turning now to our international operations Moody's revenue growth was essentially flat outside the U.S. total international revenue of $228 million in the fourth quarter was comparable to $229 million in the prior year period. The foreign currency translation contributing approximately 530 basis point of growth. International revenue accounted for 45% of Moody's total in the quarter compared with 39% in a year ago period. From Moody's Investor Service international revenue declined 2% year-over-year to $203 million. The revenue from international ratings was down 9% to $161 million. International structured finance ratings revenue was 17% lower than in the prior year period due to declines in ratings revenue across most asset classes. International corporate finance revenue was down 7% from 2006 primarily due to declines in revenue from rating investment grade and speculative grade securities mainly in Europe. International financial institutions revenue grew 6% year-over-year reflecting good performance in the banking sectors in both Europe and Asia. Moody's research business delivered robust international revenue growth of 39% year-over-year reflecting increases in each of Moody's research areas. Turning to Moody's KMV on a global basis it generated $44 million of revenue up 11% compared to the fourth quarter of 2006. Revenue was filtered by strong growth from a licensing of credit processing software and sales of risk product subscriptions. Moody's KMV produced $10 million in operating income for the quarter compared to $5 million a year ago. Next I'll discuss operating expenses. Moody's total operating expenses for the quarter was $293 million, excluding the 2007 restructuring charge and a gain on building sale in 2006 pro forma fourth quarter operating expense of $245 million was down 15% from the $287 million in the prior year period. Reflecting the impact of cost saving initiatives and the reduction in incentive compensation expense commensurate with the company's results. Excluding the restructuring charge operating margin for the fourth quarter was 51% equal to the margin for the same period in 2006. Before I move onto discuss our stock repurchase program, I'd like to comment on our effective tax rate. For the full year 2007 the effective tax rate is 37.2%, which included about 295 basis points of benefit from legacy tax matters. Looking to 2008 we expect a benefit from a higher proportion of income earned in lower tax jurisdictions and we are estimating an effective tax rate in the range of 38.5% to 39.5%. Now I would like to turn to an update on capital allocation and stock buyback. Moody's remains committed to using its strong cash growth create value per shareholders by investing in growing areas of the business, making selective acquisitions in related businesses, we are purchasing our own stock, and paying the modest dividend. During the fourth quarter of 2007 Moody's repurchased 7.7 million shares at a total costs of $311 million. Partially offsetting this buyback we issued 0.8 million shares under stock-based compensation plan. For the full 2007 Moody's repurchased 31.3 million shares at a total cost of $1.7 billion and issued 4.3 million shares under stock based compensation plans. The number of shares outstanding at the end of 2007 was reduced by 10% on the number at the end of 2006, resulting an accretion of $0.07 per share in 2007. Share repurchases during the year were funded using a combination of free cash flow and borrowings. At year end Moody's had $1.2 billion of outstanding debt with an additional of 400 million of debt available and roughly $2 billion of shares repurchased authority remaining. In 2008, we expect to fund share buyback primarily from free cash flow. Moody's maintains the ability to increase its debt capacity should we determine that to be the most effective use of our capital. Since our last conference call Moody's have also made several investments that I would like to mention briefly. First I will discuss three transactions to grow our Moody's analytics business followed by a recent investment within the ratings business. In December 2007 we announced the acquisition of Mergent Pricing and Evaluation Services, a provider of corporate and municipal bond pricing information. In January 2008 we acquired BQuotes a global provider of price discovery tool and end-of-day pricing services for a wide range of fixed income securities. The acquisition of Mergent corporate and municipal bond pricing services expanded Moody's pricing initiative to evaluated pricing. BQuotes further broadens Moody's offering to price discovery tools and observe pricing services and positions the company to offer a complete range of fixed income Evaluation Services. Also in January 2008 we acquired Financial Projections Limited, a UK based provider of credit training services. Financial Projections will operate within Moody's analytic as a part of Moody's credit training services enabling us to offer a wider range of training services to our customers on a global basis. The terms of these transactions were not disclosed and the financial impact to Moody's is not expected to be material. Financial results from Mergent and Evaluation Services, BQuotes and Financial Projections will be reported within the Moody's analytic segment and are included in our 2008 guidance. In January 2008 we announced an increase in our ownership stake of Midroog Limited a leading Israeli ratings agency from 40% to 51%. This investment will allow Moody's to capitalize on the continued strong growth in Israeli's domestic debt market. The terms of the transaction were not disclosed and the financial impact to Moody's will not be material. We will be consolidating Midroog's financial results within our international rating segment. Now I would like to provide a brief update on real estate. Yesterday Moody's signed a 17 year lease for office space in the Canary Wharf area of London. Moody's total commitment for the term of the lease will be approximately $471 million and includes rents and related costs, put outs, and relocation expenses. The financial impact of this transaction will not be incurred until early 2009 and Moody's plans to relocate its London operations to the new site in second half of 2009. And with that I'll turn the call back to Ray.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Linda. I will now briefly summarize developments in the regulatory area. We continue to have active communications with regulatory authorities in the U.S. and International. As discussed last quarter the issues related to subprime residential mortgage and securitization have prompted significant focus by policy makers and regulators on the financial services sector including specific attention to the role and performance of rating agencies. A broad agenda was set by the G7 finance ministers and central banking authorities in their October 2007 meeting with the G7 asked the Financial Stability Forum or FSF to provide updates and recommendations by April 2008 on four topics. Including one about the role of credit rating agencies and evaluating structured finance products. This agenda has acted as a catalyst and encouraged global regulatory authorities in central banks to coordinate activities in time lines in order to provide their views to the FSF. These authorities include the BIS Committee on the Global Financial System and the International Organization of Securities Commissions or IOSCO. The FSF in turn is expected to provide the G7 with an update and recommendations that have been informed by the views of the various international authorities. Many of you may have seen IOSCO's press release yesterday regarding its progress and addressing the subprime prices. Moody's supports the efforts being undertaken by global and EU regulatory organizations and policy makers. We look forward to sharing our views and participating in IOSCO's request for comment process as it continue its study of the structured finance rating process. In addition Moody's has been responding to questions and participating in various reviews as appropriate including providing our views on Moody's role in structured finance market, ways to raise market awareness about the meaning of our ratings steps that we're taking to demonstrate sound independent rating processes, as well as the actions that the market and regulators might consider in response to the credit market disruption. While we believe that we're making good progress in communicating our messages and understanding the issues and concerns of various authorities may have it still premature to forecast the ultimate outcome. I'd like to conclude this mornings prepared remarks by discussing Moody's outlook for 2008. Beginning January 1st, 2008 Moody's segments were change to reflect the business reorganization announced in August 2007. As a result of the reorganization the rating agency remained in Moody's Investor Service operating company, and several ratings business lines have been realigned. All of Moody's other commercial activities including Moody's KMV and sales of Moody's Investor Service research are now combined under the new operating company known as Moody's analytics. The reconciliation tables within today's press release provide further details. Moody's outlook for 2008 based on assumptions about many macro economic and capital market factors including interest rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, merger and acquisition activity, consumer spending, residential mortgage borrowing, and refinancing activity, securitization levels, and overall capital market issuance. This is an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions and the actual conditions differ from these assumptions, Moody's results for the year may differ from our current outlook. For Moody's overall full year 2008 revenue is expected to decline in the low double-digit percent range. This decline assumes foreign currency translation in 2008 at current exchange rates. We note that Moody's first half 2008 performance is likely to reflect unusually weak market conditions, as well as challenging year-on-year comparison against Moody's record performance in the first half of 2007. We anticipate improvement in market liquidity and issuance conditions later in the year resulting a more favorable comparisons. We expect the full year 2008 operating margins decline in the mid to high 40... to decline to the mid to high 40s% range due primarily to lower ratings revenue. Full year expenses are expected to be about flat full year 2007, excluding restructuring charge as the annualized impact of new hires added in the first half of 2007, and investments we continue make in the growing areas of our business are offset by savings from our restructuring actions. However, first quarter 2008 expense are expected to be approximately $20 million higher than the fourth quarter of 2007 excluding a restructuring charge due mainly to higher compensation expense. As a result of both weaker expected revenue and higher expenses operating margin in the first half of 2008 is unlikely to exceed the low 40s% range. Diluted earnings per share for 2008 are expected to be between $2.17 and $2.25. For the global Moody's Investor Service business we expect revenue for the full year 2008 to decline in the mid to high-teens percent range, and keeping with the new segment reporting note that 2008 revenue for Moody's Investor Services will no longer include research sales. Within the U.S. we project revenue from Moody's Investor Services to decreased in the mid 20s% range for the full year. In the structured finance business we expect revenue for the year to decline in the low to mid 40s% range due primarily to a very substantial revenue decrease in residential mortgage-backed securities rating and also significant decreases for credit derivatives and commercial mortgage-backed securities. We expect revenue from rating asset-backed securities to decline in high single-digit percent range. In the U.S. corporate finance business we expect revenues for the year to decrease in the low-teens percent range driven by decline across all asset classes. For financial institution rating we project U.S. revenue to grow in a low single-digit percent range for the year with insurance rating as the primary driver of growth in the newly formed business line of public project and infrastructure finance. We expect U.S. revenue growth in the low single-digit percent range due to stable revenue from public finance and low double-digit percent growth in project and infrastructure finance. Outside the U.S. we expect Moody's Investor Service revenue to decreased in the low single-digit percent range with mid to high-teen percent range projected decline in international structure finance revenue at a mid single-digit to low double-digit percent growth for corporate financial institutions and public project and infrastructure finance revenue. Turning finally to Moody's analytics, we expect global growth revenue growth in the mid-teens percent range with both outside the U.S. increasing at a modestly faster rate than in the U.S. Moody's analytics will quote results for three business lines subscriptions, consulting, and software. Growth in the subscription business segment is expected to be in the mid-teens percent range reflecting continue demand for credit and economic research, structured finance analytics, and the impact of our newly formed pricing and valuation business. We anticipate very strong growth in the consulting business supported by a robust pipeline, a professional services engagements, and credit training projects. These considerable demand for Moody's expertise in credit education, risk modeling, scorecard development as customers implement more sophisticated risk management processes and compiled with regulatory requirements. In the software business we expect revenue to be slightly lower than in 2007, as customers begin to migrate to new generation software process. That concludes our prepared remarks, and we will be very pleased to take any questions you may have. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Michael Meltz at Bear Stearns.
Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns: I am still digesting there, but I had, I think I've two questions. On your, Ray give us a little bit more clarity please as to your expectations what baked in your guidance for the full year in terms of expectations for the first half. You just mentioned the expense guidance for the quarter. How weak are you anticipating the revenue line to look in the first half? And then secondly that comment about the lease expense, are the new lease there? Does any of the expense of your existing facility go away once you move in and so what is the actual incremental burden I guess want to get into 2010?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Michael it's Ray. I'll take the first question, and ask Linda to take the second. We are not giving quarterly revenue guidance for the business, but we do expect that in addition to the weak market conditions, we will continue to see the seasonal patterns that we've seen in the past, so that the Q1 should have the lowest revenue generation for the year. I would not expect we are going to see the same peaks and valleys in revenue by quarter in 2008 simply because of the decline in the structured business, which has always had strong seasonal variation by quarter. So that's about as much as I can give you on the early year outlook.
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And Michael on your question on the lease for the London lease we are going to be putting on an 8-K on that next week. So we'd urge you to look at further details on that. It doesn't have much impact on 2008 as we have noted it's primarily coming on line in 2009. Regarding your question about the double rent expense here at Seven World Trade Center you are correct. In the fourth quarter of 2007 we no longer have the double rent expense so through the first three quarters of 2007 we carried a total of $9 million of double rent expense a 3 million a quarter, so that $3 million went away in the fourth quarter of 2007 and we'll not be present in 2008.
Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns: Actually Linda that wasn't my question, your moving facilities in Canary Wharf, what is the incremental hit that would to be exist?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Not until the end of 2009 though the 2008 impact since we are not going anywhere and 2008 will be minimal, but we'll have more information on this the total financial commitment when we put out 8-K.
Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns: I get, okay so you can't quantify I think you're saying $25 million to $30 million a year, but you are not quantifying what that is incrementally?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think we would rather not go there until we put out the details in the 8-K and 10-K.
Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns: Okay. Last question from me not to get into weeds in terms of exposures, but your... can you remind us of your transaction and relationship exposures and just perhaps for the full year and where you actually ended the year?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. The silver lining on the structured finance business particularly in U.S. coming off a bit is that we have better balance between our transactional and relationship revenue Michael. So for the total ratings business we are looking at 66% transactional revenue and 34% relationship revenue for the fourth quarter of 2007. And as I noted that, that is coming into better balance and we would see that balance continuing to be more even as we move forward into 2008.
Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns: Do you have a number for '07?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.For the full year 07 transactional 73% of ratings revenue and relationship was 27% of relationship revenue. So you saw those numbers coming into better balance in the fourth quarter.
Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll move to John H. Neff at William Blair.
John H. Neff - William Blair & Co.: Hi, thank you. I was just wondering if you could actually quantify for or give us an estimate, what are the actual credit losses that are you're seeing so far in the market for our RMBS, SIBs, CDOs into that nature?
Brian M. Clarkson - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes. This is Brian Clarkson and with respect to RMBS transactions the losses that are flowed through on the 06 is less than 100 basis points and CDOs it's a light number.
John H. Neff - William Blair & Co.: Okay, great. And then is there baked on your 2008 EPS guidance is there an expectation of how should we think about the share buyback contribution to that performance, do you expect I know it's hard to say but you expect to exhaust the current buyback in 2008?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think John, we were pleased with the results of what we did in 2007, as we said we reduced the share count by 10% in 2007 that was accretive to EPS by $0.07. I think we sort of like that sort of range of reduction in the share count. We're looking to of course buyback more shares in the price was lower we would see... that would be likely in the first half of the year and we'll continue to fund the share repurchase is primarily with free cash flow, but as we said we do have capacity to borrow if the price looks attractive.
John H. Neff - William Blair & Co.: Okay. That will be a good transition. And my next question could you remind us of the cost of your debt and review on the debt outstanding over the course of the way given the plan to fund the buyback for free cash flow?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Are you looking for the interest expense...
John H. Neff - William Blair & Co.: Yes, yes.
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Amount of debt outstanding.
John H. Neff - William Blair & Co.: Yes.
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The interest expense amount has of course moved up because we've taken on more debt and for 2007 the interest expense on borrowings were $15.7 million and again we'd expect that to move up for 2008, we haven't quantified that in our guidance for the full year effect of the money that was borrowed.
Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns: You mentioned the balance between transaction and relationship based you cited that the growth in relationship base revenue in the fourth quarter is that by default as issuance volumes dropped or are you actively transitioning certain relationships into that relationship category?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, that is more by default. The structured finance business and the decline in issuance in that area caused a reweighting between the transaction base revenue and recurring revenue from relationships.
Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns: Okay. And last question if I can. Can you just remind us of the breakdown between U.S. structured finance ratings revenue as a percentage of global structured finance? Thank you.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. For the full year of 2007 global structured finance revenue was about 38%, 39% of total Moody's corporation revenue, and that's going to decline fairly significantly in 2008 because of the expected decline in terms of issuance activities. So that is going to be a reducing number reached a high point of about 45% in the first half of 2007 down to 39% for the full year and it will be below that in 2008 obviously.
Operator: Next we'll move to Karl Choi of Merrill Lynch.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Hi, I have few questions here, the first one is I wonder if you can talk a little bit about in Europe for your guidance you said you expect some return of market liquidity within a back half of the year and your assumption do you actually expect ratings revenue growth by let's say fourth quarter? And second is if you can give us a breakdown of your total costs in terms of compensation how much that was incentive compensation that will be great?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think in terms of the fourth quarter we would expect some modest increase over the fourth quarter of 2007, well we do expect conditions to improve in the second half of the year. We are not expecting those condition to represent exclusive improvement coming off of the week first half. So I would expect to be more protected and more modest, but with increases in year-on-year performance by the end of the year.
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Karl, it's Linda your question on comp expense for the full year of 2007 total incentive comp of $86.6 million was 12% of total comp. Total stock comp was 12% of the total number, and all other compensation was 76%. All of that comes up to comp to total expensive ratio of 67%. Interestingly the comparison in the fourth quarter of 2007 that number was down to 61%. Obviously, we had accrued fuller compensation in the first half of the year when the results we're looking strong. So total incentive comp was actually a negative number for the fourth quarter. Total stock comp was 13% of total comp in the fourth quarter and all other was about 90%, so again as they said the total comp percentage was down to 61% in the fourth quarter.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: And is that why you expect compensation cost go up in the first quarter because incentive comp was actually negative in the fourth quarter?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, and we would expect that, that would balance out as we get back to the first quarter appropriate approval for compensation for compensation based on how we do in the first quarter.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: And could you also give us the breakdown of your corporate revenues into investment grade high yield and the others?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. For total global corporate finance which is what I had in front of me I've got high yield and this is the percentage of total global corporate finance I'll ask somebody to look at the corporate finance as a percentage of total revenues, but high yield as a percentage of global corporate finance of 12% in 2007, investment grade was 24%, bank credit facility is 18%, and other which includes MTNs and shelves and commercial paper and so on was 47% all that totaled $104.5 million for the full year 2007, and just a moment here let me see if Ray's got the full amount for--
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the total corporate ratings revenues is a percent of total MCO revenue was about 20%.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: And lastly in terms of option expense what do you expect option expense to be in 2008?
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Hang on just a second here, I think we would expect option expense and again option expense would move a bit based on how well we performed next year, but approximately $80 million for 2008.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll go to Fred Searby of J.P. Morgan.
Fred Searby - J.P. Morgan: Hi, I wondered if you could give us a little more color on the regulatory what's going on in the regulatory front in Europe. Are there any governmental entities other than IOSCO that are actively investigating you and is there any sort of unilateral action by different countries, what your thoughts on there? Thank you.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well Fred, couple of things first of all there are several processes underway for reviewing either rating agencies, processes, and performance for reviewing the structured finance markets specifically. The work that is being done by IOSCO includes representatives from both the SEC in the U.S. and from the Committee of European Securities Regulators, as well as some other regulatory authorities outside of the U.S. and Europe. And that process while it makes independent recommendations for behavioral processes and conduct at rating agencies, which IOSCO would expect us to implement, is also feeding into the broader process of review the rating agencies by the financial stability forum by the presents working group here in the U.S. and so there are independent efforts going on, which are funneling into an integrated review at the international level or pan national level. We also do... we also are subject to reviews or inspections in some individual countries that's not new that has been in existence for several years that includes the U.S. and includes some countries in Europe.
Fred Searby - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next we move to Ed Atorino at Benchmark.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Hi. Could you repeat you've gave a cost for the first quarter as compared to the fourth quarter I just didn't write fast enough, was 20, 29 [ph]?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Ed, what costs are you looking for?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Do you mean fourth quarter expense Ed?
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Yes, you said the first quarter expense versus the fourth, was that up $20 million, $30 million?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: $20 million.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Plus $20 million.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In first quarter expense over fourth quarter expense I believe that excluding the restructuring charge.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Yes, thanks. Secondly other expense item was rather notably large $19.8 million what was in there besides interest expense and what would that amount sort of the going forward?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Ed, it's Linda, we'd ask you that take a look at this when we file our 10-K. We've got some more detail, but the various components are our FX, which is very small, interest income which is $5.5 million, interest expense which is $15.7 million and then we carry some of our FIN 48 we carry our FIN 48 item as partially interest expense which is 5.3 million negative number. We have a few additions to that, but it all sum to the $19.8 that you've noted and the main change in that would be as we mentioned the increased interest expense on the borrowings.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: So, going forward wouldn't be $20 million a quarter, right?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I don't think we have broken that out. But, directionally the interest expense is growing as we have increased borrowings.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Thanks.
Operator: And next we'll move to Lucas Binder at UBS.
Lucas Binder - UBS: Hi, guys. Couple of quick questions. Can you.... Ray you gave an update on IOSCO, but can you talk a little bit about where things are domestically with the SEC and the state's attorney general? And then also are you within Moody's analytics is their plan still break out that can be in research revenue breakdowns?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. With respect to the SEC and the various state's attorney general, we... the SEC is continuing with what is now is normal inspection and review process that is new pursuant to the reform act and the propagating rules, but they have been in contact with us and we've been responding to inquiries and request for information from the SEC pursuant to that. And they have had particular interest I think not surprisingly in processes around structured financing and making sure that they understand those and are comfortable with the information that we are giving them there. And it's a similar story with the state's attorney general in that we are responding to information request making all the information that is being requested available on its timely basis as we can and those inquiries continue.
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Lucas just follow-up on your second question on how we are reporting Moody's analytics, as I think Ray said we are going to have three categories within Moody's analytics going forward, which would include subscription, consulting, and software and we will no longer be individually reporting KMV.
Lucas Binder - UBS: Okay. And then just a follow-up with looking at the rest of the world, mean I think you are pretty fair about the outlook for the U.S. I guess why do you still feel confident that rest of the world, as far as insurance are going to be able and ratings we probably be able hold out relative to what's it going on you about?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: well for the full year 2008, we expect that it is going to be a challenging year both inside and outside the U.S. clearly. And we do expect that the contagion effect from credit conditions in the U.S. will probably have a greater effect in Europe. Then they will in Asia that being said we have seen that market activity while it has not been robust has been healthier in the fourth quarter of 2007 then it was outside the U.S. then it was inside the U.S. There is somewhat different mix in the business. There is much less of anything that would look like a subprime mortgage market once when gets outside the U.S. in structured finance. There is also a smaller contribution to corporate finance activity from high yield then in the U.S. So the down turn in high yield activity has a more material impact on our business here in the U.S. then outside. And finally because this intermediation is not as far along outside the U.S., we have more new more new rating request, ratings mandate internationally then we do here, and a lot of that is unrelated to issuance its institutions that might be looking for ratings for domestic market purposes or counter party purposes in terms of engaging counter party activity cross border. So all of that I think indicates why we expect things to be a bit better outside then inside this country.
Lucas Binder - UBS: And if I could ask one last question with regard to the discussion of the change in rating system, changing you know, adding extra disclosures, extra risk factors between yourselves and S&P and Fitch there is some sort of a plan out there for all three, can you talk a little bit about what the timeframe is, and what the process would be for implementing something like that?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well we have as you obviously know for your question we have issued a request for comment with respect to waiting system management in the structured finance area. In terms of seeking market response to whether different kinds of metrics than are measured by the traditional rating system or different kinds of alerts as to ratings that are heavily based on modeled credit analysis versus more fundamental credit analysis would be helpful to the market. We are doing that for a couple of reasons; one, a number of public sector authorities have indicated an interest in that, and I think would like to understand what the private sector would think about that idea. Secondly, because there are different behavioral characteristics to structured ratings, even if the expected loss in structured finance is comparable to expected loss in corporate and governmental sectors. The distribution of losses, the influence of pulling together or pooling assets that are relatively homogenous and originate at same point in time, creates more variability in the performance both up and down of those ratings. So we are looking at whether we can provide additional clarity, and in providing additional clarity what would the marketplace find most helpful, so that's all its background. The request for comment... we've asked for comments backed by the end of February. And the reason we have asked for that timing is because we would seek to take both narrative comments and the choices that the marketplace prefers and summarize those and make the information available to the general public to over site authorities. So they have that available in their thinking as they go through the process with the financial stability forum and the G7.
Lucas Binder - UBS: Great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Catriona Fallon at Citi.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup Investment Research: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking the question. Quick question for Linda, what are you expecting for depreciation and amortization expense for 08?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Catriona I don't think we've got any that granular with where we're going on depreciation for 2008. I don't have that in front of me.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup Investment Research: Okay. And I'm wondering if there is any change to the thought of kind of a longer term 50% operating margin goal?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think we've spoken pretty clearly that side it's probably not going to be there in 2008. We are obviously very concerned about the front half of the year where we think that the margin will be closer to 40% and then improving in the back half for the year. For the longer term we would like to be able to return to the 50% margin and that is our goal. I think you can see under very difficult circumstances in the fourth quarter we've kept a very tight leash on cost. We've gone through with our restructuring and we feel we've done very well in terms of dealing appropriately with headcount and the other expenses that we have to handle here. So I think that we would like to encourage shareholders that 50% margin is achievable probably not likely in 2008 and the first half of 2008. It can be a bit tougher than the full year.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. And I'll just add two comments somewhat offsetting comments, but as far as maintaining an aspirational 50% margin. I think one reason why people might believe that is going to be difficult to return to even over the medium to longer term. Is because of misunderstanding and an expectation that we have a materially higher margins in structured finance and in the more complex areas of structured finance like credit derivatives, which have been hard hit by this down turn. And that's not the case. So the margins in that business are similar to the margins in the other parts of our ratings business. Now one thing that may cause us to have some difficulty in returning to margins that we've had in the past is that we do expect to have continued strong growth coming out of the Moody's analytics business and that business is not as high margin business as the ratings business. We expect that we are going to have improving profitability along with an improving top line in that business. But to the extent that it grows more quickly than the ratings business over the next few years. That is going to have downward pressure on the margin.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup Investment Research: Okay. And then just a follow-up, Ray, what are some of the things that you are looking at in the market that might make you change your outlook for 08. So for instance you know what your thoughts on the situation with the bond guarantors? And then maybe some comments on the economy and whether we could see stagflation this year? And then thirdly, when do you expect to see new products entering the structured finance market?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well with respect to stagflation I have long said that is probably the least favored scenario for our business just as it is for many businesses. And in our business to the extent that interest rates are required or being directed to address inflation even in a weak economy that reduces the outlook for both new money issuance by institutions and reduces the refinancing opportunities, so that's why that's a bad scenario for our business. As far as what I would look for elsewhere in terms of the pace of recovery in credit market, a large part of that I think still had to go back to a when there is stabilization in the delinquency and then ultimately the foreclosure rates in the U.S. housing market. That stabilization is going to improve confidence in the marketplace and although they are important social policy reasons to hope for stabilization at lower delinquency in default levels rather than higher stabilization itself will improve market confidence because it will improve the clarity around the value of these assets. That affects many other segments of the capital markets including you know, other financial services firms, insurance companies, and in insurance companies including the financial guarantors, then I certainly think that certainty around the outlook for the financial guarantee industry again is going to help reestablish clarity and hopefully confidence in the markets, and I know we have an important role to play there, and as I think you are well aware we are continuing our analysis of those companies right now. And it's been a fairly in terms of analysis, we'll make information available on our conclusion as quickly as we can.
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Catriona, one other point in terms of the revenue impact on Moody's as a corporation the amount of revenue we garner from ratings the bond guarantors is less than 1% of Moody's total revenue. And in terms of the transaction that they wrap we would rate those transactions whether or not they are wrapped. So the direct revenue impact on Moody's is not particularly consequential.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup Investment Research: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll move next to Craig Huber at Lehman Brothers.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Yes there are few questions please. Can you just quantify if you would on the reversal that accrued I think incentive comp in the fourth quarter?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Craig, I think we don't want to get into the magnitude of that exactly, but it was a few million dollars and --
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: That's not more than 10 million?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It was modest, but I think the unusual point was that it was down rather than up.
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And that's unfortunate, but that's the way it went.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: All right. Can you just give me more color then why you think costs in the upcoming first quarterly roughly $20 million higher? That number is not dramatic enough?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. We are hoping with the way the numbers are laying out in the first quarter that we will be able to accrue bonuses in a more wholesome way than what happened in the fourth quarter where we in fact had this reversal because we had accrued at a more healthy paced in the first and second quarters. So I guess it would be considered a return to normalcy and of course we are starting a new year.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And we did have a work force reduction, which is going to have some impact in the first quarter. It's not going to be a complete offset to annualization of compensation expense, but it is an offset.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Then also for the fourth quarter could you break out for us a percent of revenues are based on transactions, for structured, for corporate, for financial institutions, and public finance. I know it varied within those four categories, could you just break down?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think Linda has that.
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. You want the fourth quarter, Craig?
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Yes, I do wish fourth quarter and the full year I think that would be helpful?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Hope everybody has time and not interested in lunch. Okay fourth quarter for; corporate finance, transactions 64%, relationships 36%; financial institutions, transaction 42%, relationship 58%; public finance, transactions 93%, and relationship 7%; and structured finance, transactions 73%, relationship 27%; the total for ratings fourth quarter transactions 66%, and relationship 34%. Going onto full year for our corporate finance, transactions 69%, and relationship 31%; financial institutions, transactions 48%, relationship 52%; public finance transaction is 93%, relationship 7%; and structured finance, transaction 81%, and relationship 19%; for full year 2007 total transaction revenue percentage 73% and relationship 27%; so a pronounced shift to relationship revenues in the fourth quarter of 2004.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: And then also --
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Fourth quarter of 2007 I apologize, going back in time.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. One last question just get a little more detail you talked about this in the past just for clarity here can you just explain to us you talk about the margins being very similar across your various products that you rate, how much extra time your analyst will actually spend in CDO of structured finance product. And allocate those costs for us just to more claim in that greater high yield bond I mean that's end of the days why you are saying the margins are very similar?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it is they are more complex securities in most cases as the more complex securities acquire more analyst time and often more analyst to look at those transactions and though the much longer time to market from when transaction is first brought in and assets to review to what it goes to market.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Can you quantify that if you let me how many days you typically would?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No it varies so much that I don't think first of all. I don't have the quantification, but if I did I don't think it would be very helpful.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: I will be if you take it nets are obviously about the same margins?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I mean the fact that we can see there are differences in the fees and we can see what the overall expenses are for our different areas. We can say and that's out.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Maybe if you could just speak in one more Asia as a percent of your revenues for the fourth quarter what was that please?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let's see Asia as a percent of the fourth quarter give me just a minute here.
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Craig, I am not sure we have a full we have a quarter on Asia specifically for the full year 2007. I think it was about 11% comes to mind.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it was a little higher in the fourth quarter Moody's Asia was probably 12% or 13%.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll move next to Michael Meltz at Bear Stearns.
Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns: Hey, there just one follow-up on this and sorry to carry on here, but just on Craig's question about relationship and transaction. So are you saying you ended the year if I back in the numbers they are basically of total company revenues 50% are transactions and 50% roughly or I think you would think actually 49% transaction and the balance everything else is that right?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I haven't done the math, but we are saying 66% of approximately 80% was transaction meaning the rating agency and then the non-ratings business is essentially a recurring or relationship based revenue business there is a little bit that's one-off but not much of it.
Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns: Got it. Okay. And I know I think you mentioned in the beginning can you just actually you know what I'll follow-up off line sorry about that.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns: You're welcome.
Operator: And next we move to Ed Atorino at Benchmark.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Hi, sorry to prolong this. Fourth quarter if you said this I apologize, and then we can all go to lunch, International versus U.S. in the fourth quarter revenues, structured finance revenues.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Structured finance International versus U.S. in Q4.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Yes.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, it was...
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: About$84.5 million of U.S. structured finance revenue in the fourth quarter, Ed.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. For the year with a breakdown, can I have a look at that?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The fourth quarter was just over 50% we came out of the U.S.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Total ratings.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No just over 50% of structured finance ratings in Q4 came out of the U.S.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Right, and how about total company?
Linda S. Huber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Total company revenues I have that one and this is interesting Ed for the U.S. we are at 55% down and 45% international. So that's rebalancing, which we expect to get even more even handed going forward it's very helpful to us and is one of the things that are driving the tax rate down and you see we got the tax rate to 38.5% to 39.5%, and that is a permanent change and people should consider that difference in the way the financial for the company lay out.
Edward Atorino - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: And our last question comes from Catriona Fallon.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup Investment Research: Yes, hi just a quick follow-up. Thanks for the breakdown on each of the different revenue lines on transactional versus relationship. So am I to assume than for public finance and structured finance. The majority of the relationship revenue is surveillance fees, but for corporate finance and financial information institutions is both surveillance fees and non-traditional type of contracts?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I would not call the non traditional contract, but relationship based where we receive annual fees from corporations or financial institutions as part of the rating relationship outside of monitoring. But, aside from the terminology, yes I would agree with your comment.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup Investment Research: Okay. And then can you give us some directional you now if you have to actual numbers that's fantastic, but directional ideas on the margins for this different types of relationships?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No I don't think we are going to be able to make margins available on relationship versus transactional business, so I just don't have that available.
Catriona Fallon - Citigroup Investment Research: Okay. Thanks so much.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay
Operator: And Mr. McDaniel I'll turn the conference back to you for any closing remarks.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, well thank you everybody for joining and for your detailed and enthusiastic questions. We look forward to speaking with you after the first quarter. Thanks.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Again thank you for your participation.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-25 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Lisa S. Westlake - VP, IR Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and CEO Linda S. Huber - CFO and EVP Brian M. Clarkson - President and COO of Moody's Investor Services
Analysts: Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs John H. Neff - William Blair & Co. Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns Fred Searby - J.P. Morgan Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Moody's Corporation Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers following the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Lisa Westlake, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lisa S. Westlake - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Audra. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us on this teleconference to discuss Moody's results for the third quarter of 2007. This is Lisa Westlake, Vice President of Investor Relations. Moody's released its results for the third quarter of 2007 this morning and the earnings release is available on our website at ir.moodys.com. Ray McDaniel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Moody's Corporation, will be lead this morning's conference call. Also on the call this morning is Linda Huber, Chief Financial Officer of Moody's Corporation. In addition, Brian Clarkson, President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investor Service, and Mark Almeida, Senior Vice President and Head of Moody's Analytics will join us for the question-and-answer portion of this call. Before we get started, I'd call your attention to the cautionary language set out at the end of our earnings release. Certain statements my colleagues and I make today, may be forward-looking within the spirit of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This act provides the Safe Harbor for such forward-looking statements. I direct your attention to the management's discussion and analysis section and the risk factors discussed on our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, and in other filings made by the company from time to time with the SEC. I would also like to point out the Safe Harbor statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 contained in our press release issued this morning. These set forth important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such forward-looking statements. I should point out that members of the media might be on the call this morning in a listen-only mode. I'm now pleased to turn the call over to Ray McDaniel.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Lisa and thank you all for joining us on today's call. I'll begin our prepared remarks this morning with the brief summary of Moody's third quarter results. Linda will then take you to the quarter's operating highlights, provide some commentary on revenue and expenses, and update you on our capital structure and share repurchase program. I will then review our business reorganization, developments in the regulatory area and finish with Moody's outlook for 2007. After that, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. Moody's third quarter revenue rose to $525 million, 6% higher than in the third quarter of 2006. Despite significant deterioration in credit market activity in August and September, Moody has achieved double digit revenue growth from our corporate and public finance rating barriers; as well as strong growth from our global research business. This growth was somewhat offset by a 6% decline in global structured finance revenue versus the prior period. Reflecting deterioration in issuance of U.S. residential mortgage backed securities including securitizations of home equity loans and related derivative instruments. Operating income in the third quarter declined 7% year-over-year to $ 251 million, as the impact of actions we took to manage expenses lack the pace to reduce market activity. Foreign currency translation positively affected revenue and operating income growth by approximately 170 basis points and 150 basis points respectively. Earnings per share for the quarter were $ 0.51 versus $ 0.55 in 2006, representing a 7% decline year-over-year. Turning now out of Moody's results for the first nine months of 2007. Revenue totaled $ 1.8 billion, an increase of 21% from $1.4 billion for the same period of 2006. Through September 30, operating income of $ 919 million was up 15% from $ 796 million for the same period of 2006. Currency translation had a positive impact on these results, increasing revenue growth by approximately 190 basis points and operating income growth by approximately 170 basis points. Reported earnings per share for the first nine months of 2007, were $2.08, 29% higher than the reported $ 1.61 for the prior year period. Earnings per share for the first nine months of 2007 included a $ 0.19 per share benefit from the resolution of certain legacy tax matters. At this point I'll turn the call over to Linda who'll start with detail on revenue and expenses.
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Thanks Ray. I'll provide details from third quarter, starting with our U.S. businesses. Moody's U.S. revenue was $307 million for the quarter, essentially flat with the same period in 2006. Within Moody's Investor Service, total U.S. ratings revenues decreased 5% year-over-year, driven by declines in structured finance, our U.S. research revenue increased $9 million or 24% versus the prior-year period. Within the ratings business, U.S. corporate finance revenue rose $4 million or 6%, compared to the prior-year period. U.S. revenue growth of 67% from rating investment grade debt was largely offset by a 43% decline in revenue from rating high yield securities. US financial institutions revenue increased 4%, driven primarily by strong issuance in the banking sector and new relationships in the insurance sector, partially offset by weakness in the residential mortgage and related credit markets that negatively impacted issuance activities and caused a decline in real estate revenue. U.S. public finance revenue increased 12%, compared with the third quarter of 2006, reflecting good growth in the municipal and healthcare sectors of the business. U.S. structured finance performance in the quarter completely offset revenue gains across the other U.S. ratings and research businesses, declining 14% year-over-year. Within U.S. structured finance revenue growth of 29% from rating commercial mortgage-backed securities has more than offset by revenue declines across all other asset classes, led by a 52% decrease in revenue from rating residential mortgage-backed securities. Turning now to our international operations, Moody's generated solid growth outside the U.S. Total international revenue was $218 million in the third quarter, 18% higher than in the prior-year period. Growth in that quarter reflected favorable foreign currency translation which increased the growth rate by about 450 basis points. International revenue accounted for 42% as Moody's total in the quarter, compared with 37% in the year-ago period. Moody's Investor Service, international revenue increased 20% year-over-year. Corporate finance ratings revenue was 40% higher in the prior year period, reflecting growth across all asset classes, led by exceptional growth from rating investment grade debts and bank loans. International structured finance revenue grew 10% and benefited from strength across most asset classes, including a 40% increase in revenue from rating credit derivative and a 32% increase in revenue from rating residential mortgage-backed securities. International financial institutions revenue increased 10% in the third quarter, based largely on good growth in European Banking and Insurance sectors. International research revenue grew 35% from the prior-year period, reflecting strength across all segments of the business, especially in Europe. Globally, Moody's KMV generated $37 million of revenue, up 3% compared to third quarter of 2006. Revenue growth from professional services and risk product subscription, is somewhat offset by year-over-year decline in revenue from licensing credit-processing software and the related the software maintenance fees. Moving on to operating expense; expenses in the quarter grew 21%. About half of the increase was driven by additional lease expense, related to Moody's headquarters move and international expansion, as far as incremental technology investment. The other half was attributable to higher personnel costs, mostly associated with the impact of hiring from late 2006 and the first half of 2007. The quarter's operating margin was 47.7%, compared with 54.2% in the prior-year period as the impact of actions we have taken to manage expenses like the paper produce market activity. I'd like to turn now to an update on a capital structure and stock buyback. Moody's remains committed to using a strong cash flow to create value for shareholders by investing in growing areas of our business, making selective acquisitions in related businesses. We're are purchasing our own stock and paying a modest dividend. On September 13th, Moody's announced that it completed a new private placement of $300 million and on October 1st, the company announced it would establish a $1 billion commercial paper program. Equity program which was rated A1 by Standard & Poor's is supported by a five year $1 billion revolving credit facility, negotiated with Moody's relationship bank. $1 billion equity program is back up revolver and the private placement transactions are a continuation of changes the company has made in its capital structure over the last two years. At the end of the quarter, Moody's had $1.6 billion of existing debt capacity of which $600 million remains available under its credit facilities. We believe, our current capital structure provides Moody's with financial flexibility to continue to efficiently return capital to shareholders through share repurchases, while also supporting business operations and our corporate development activity. During third quarter of 2007, Moody's repurchased 9.1 million shares at a cost of $484 million, with an average price of $53 per share, which more than offset approximately 0.5 million shares issued under employee stock-based compensation plan. As of September 30, 2007, Moody's had 2.3 billion of share repurchase authority remaining under its current program. And with that, I'll now turn the call back to Ray.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Linda. Before I address what's happening in the regulatory arena, I'd like to discuss briefly Moody's business reorganization. On August 7th, we announced that Moody's corporation was being reorganized into two new operating divisions. The first, Moody's Investor Service, the rating agency, will continue to conduct credit ratings business and offer credit research. Brian Clarkson formerly Executive Vice President and Co-Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investor Service, was named President and Chief Operating Officer of this business. The second unit, newly named Moody's Analytics, will bring together Moody's KMV, Moody's economy.com, and other businesses outside the rating agency. In addition, this new unit will provide sales and marketing services for all of Moody's corporation. Mark Almeida, former Senior Managing Director and Head of the Investor Services Research Group, was named Senior Vice President and Head of Moody's Analytics. This new structure is designed to better capture a broad range of growth opportunities in debt markets worldwide and reinforce the independence of the company's ratings business. Now turning to the regulatory form. On September 24 the SEC designated Moody's Investor's Service as a nationally recognized statistical rating organization or NRSRO, pursuant to its role as implementing the Credit Rating Agency Reform Act. Moody's Investors Service is now subject to the SEC's oversight rules which address record attention, financial reporting, protection of material non-public information, management of conflicts of interest and prohibited acts and practices. Separately the issues related to subprime residential mortgages and securitization have prompted significant focus on the role and performance of rating agencies by global and national regulatory authorities and policy makers. Moody's has been proactively meeting with authorities to discuss matters such as our role in the structured finance markets and the meaning of our ratings; our ratings in monitoring of subprime residential mortgage-backed securities for RMBS; steps that Moody's is taking to enhance our ratings processes and reinforce the independence of the rating agency, as well as steps that the market and the regulators might consider in response to the credit market disruptions. We believe that we are making good progress in communicating our messages and understanding the issues and concerns that various authorities may have. A number of reviews are in process focusing on the role and function of rating agencies. These include the annual review rating agencies being conducted by CESR, the Committee of European Securities Regulators, to asses the effectiveness of the current industry self-regulatory approach in Europe, the review of rating agencies' role in structured finance by IOSCO, the International Organization of Securities Commissions that was announced earlier this year, and reviewed by the U.S. SEC of NRSROs active in subprime RMBS ratings. We are participating constructively in these and other reviews, but it is premature to forecast our ultimate outcomes. I'd like to conclude this morning's prepared remarks by discussing Moody's assumptions and outlook for the remainder of 2007. Moody's outlook for 2007 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, merger and acquisition activity, consumer spending, residential mortgage borrowing and refinancing activity and securitization levels. There is an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions, and if actual conditions differ from these assumptions, Moody's results for the year may differ from its current outlook. Based on expectations of continued weakness in the global debt markets, we have revised our outlook downward for the full year 2007. For Moody's overall, the company now projects revenue growth in the high single-digit to double-digit percent range for the full year 2007. This growth assumes foreign currency translation for the fourth quarter of 2007 at current exchange rates. We are pursuing a program to bring expenses more inline with projected revenues for the fourth quarter and for all of 2008. As such we expect to take a restructuring charge for the fourth quarter of 2007, in addition to cutting other run rate expenses. Before any restructuring charge we expect a total dollar amount of operating expense in the fourth quarter of 2007 to be approximately 7% lower than the third quarter amount. Excluding any 2007 restructuring charge, the one-time gain on the sale of Moody's 99 Church Street building during from 2006 results, and the effects of legacy tax matters in both years, we now project the full year non-GAAP operating margins to decline by approximately 220 basis points in 2007 compared with 2006, which is a greater decline than the 150 basis points we were projecting previously. For 2008 we are targeting a full year operating margin of approximately 50%, the achievement of which will necessarily relate to the revenue outlook for the year, which we have currently developed. We also note that the margin for the first half of 2008 is very likely to be lower than the full year target. Earnings per share in 2007 are now projected to be about flat compared to 2006 results. However excluding any 2007 restructuring charge, the one-time gain on the building sale from 2006 results and the impact of legacy tax matters in both years, we now expect earnings per share in 2007 to grow in the mid to high single-digit percent range. In the U.S. Moody's continues to project high single-digit percent revenue growth for the Moody's Investors Service ratings and research business for the full year 2007. In the U.S. structured finance business, the company now expects revenue for the year to be about flat for 2006, including low double-digit percent growth in commercial mortgage-backed securities and low teen percent growth in credit derivatives ratings, offset by a decline in revenue from the U.S. residential mortgage-backed securities ratings, including home equity securitization in the low 30s percent range, which is a greater decline than the high teens percent range previously forecast. In the U.S. corporate finance business, Moody's now expects revenue growth for the year in the high teens percent range, which is lower than the mid 20s percent range previously forecast. This assumption anticipates continued good growth in investment grade issuance, offset by decline in revenue from speculative grade and bank loan ratings. We note considerable uncertainty in this speculative grade in bank loan segments for the remainder of the year. In the U.S. financial institutions sector, the company now expects revenue to grow in the low teen percent range, down from previous guidance of mid teens percent growth. In the U.S. public finance sector, Moody's now forecast revenue for 2007 to grow in the low double-digit percent range, up from previous guidance, due to stronger issuance expectations from the positive impact of lower interest rates. The company now expects growth in the U.S. research business to be in the low 20s percent range, modestly up from previous guidance of about 20%. Outside the U.S, Moody's now expects ratings revenue to grow in the low teens percent range, with low double-digit 20% growth across all major business lines, led by growth in Europe in corporate finance and financial institutions ratings. The company also now projects growth in the 30% range for international research revenue, up from previous guidance of mid to high 20% range. For Moody's KMV globally, the company continues to expect growth in sales and revenue from credit risk assessment subscription products, credit decision processing software and professional services. This should result in mid to high single-digit percent growth in revenue, with significantly greater growth in profitability. That concludes our prepared remarks. We would pleased to take any questions you may have. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We'll go to first to Peter Appert at Goldman Sachs.
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: Thank you, hey Ray can you give us any additional color on what this restructuring charge might look like in the fourth quarter in terms of sort a range of magnitudes, we could be thinking about? What kind of run rate savings you might be thinking about? And then have you changed your thinking, historically Moody's has been averse to adjusting headcount in the context of cyclical to changes in the market, have you changed your thinking on that?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure Peter. With respect to the restructuring charge, there is not a whole lot more we can tell you right now. If we had reached a final conclusions on restructuring, it would have been something that would appear in the third quarter rather than the fourth quarter. But we're still working on that, and the two components we're working on obviously are the operational savings that we can realize, and then the appropriate accounting treatment that would be associated with those savings and we will certainly communicate that as we have more information. With respect to headcount we have had what I would characterize as a soft freeze in place, since early in the third quarter. We are still filling essential positions where they need to be filled. But we have dramatically slowed the pace of hiring and the net adds to staff, and I expect that is going to continue.
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: Okay. What's the typical annual turnover you're seeing Ray?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Year-to-date we have about 15% turnover.
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then lastly the longer-term margin expectation, you cite 50% for the next year. You basically are still comfortable with that as a longer-term target that's sustainable.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I believe so. And in setting that as a preliminary target for 2008, we do expect that debt market conditions are going to continue to be challenging. But as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are still developing our outlook for revenue expectations in 2008. And whether that 50% target proves to be liberal, or conservative is going to depend on the final development of that revenue outlook. We do expect it's going to be a challenging year, particularly in the first half where the comps are difficult.
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: All right. And then one actually last thing. Linda can you remind me, what the cost components are on the debt. Or what the average costs for the different pieces?
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Sure. First of all Peter, we did want to also point out regarding your margins question. If you look at our investor presentation from August, if everybody looks to page 34 of that. You see that we had said that we thought the third quarter margin would be down from the rest of the year. And in fact it would be the lowest point of the year. So we did caution everybody that we would expect this pattern at this point in the year. So, we'd requested everybody to take a look at that. Peter you were asking about the components of... I am sorry.
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: Yes, the components of debt. What average costs are for the different parts?
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Sure.Right now we have a $1 billion in debt outstanding right now. And we have a $600 million of private placements and we have the billion dollar commercial paper facility, which gives us a $1.6 billion in capacity, and of that $600 million are still available.
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: And what's the rate on it?
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: We only have the rating on the commercial paper.
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: I am sorry, on behalf of the interest rate?
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Oh, I am sorry, The blended cost on all that is about 5%, Peter.
Peter Appert - Goldman Sachs: Okay great thank you.
Operator: And we will move next to John Neff at William Blair.
John H. Neff - William Blair & Co.: Hi. Could you give us a little sense of your effective tax rate assumptions for the fourth quarter and may be looking out into 2008?
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Sure Peter its.. I am sorry John. We had the third quarter's tax rate. Unfortunately we had a bit of a negative comparison, because we had particularly low tax rate in the third quarter last year. For the rest of the year going forward, we would recommend that everybody models 41%. But we just had a tough comparison in the third quarter this year versus the third quarter last year.
John H. Neff - William Blair & Co.: Okay if we assume that's probably a good rate for '08, as well.
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: I think that's probably fair, but as Ray said, we haven't finished work on '08, yet.
John H. Neff - William Blair & Co.: Okay. And then your weighted diluted share count $267.6 million for EPS purposes. But the balance sheet data shows shares outstanding on September 30th of $258.4. Is that basically diluted and does that... I am assuming that reflects share buyback activity very late in the third quarter.
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes we have got... the actual is the 258 number. And I believe we also have the diluted number there as well.
John H. Neff - William Blair & Co.: Okay, great. With the expense growth half of that coming from the lease expense, is there any duplicative lease expense at this point or is that just a new run rate given the headquarters move?
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes we had a duplicative lease expense through the third quarter, and we have completed our move, so that will come off. And the fourth quarter John that runs at about $3 million a quarter. It's about $10 million before this year-to-date, which is a duplicative cost for having both 99 Church Street, and here at 7 World Trade Center, but as I said that ended with the third quarter.
John H. Neff - William Blair & Co.: And you said $3 million of the quarter, was the duplicative?
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Yes.
John H. Neff - William Blair & Co.: And then question on the margin. You are targeting 50% for 2008. Why might that not be higher just in terms of the wiggle room you have with incentive comp, which I am assuming is about, If I am correct in my math 13% of total expenses. And can you talk about the revenue component of calculating that incentive comp approval.
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: I think it's fair to say John that the revenue piece is the tougher thing to forecast here. Let me just step back and go over the margin of assumptions. And then I'll turn it over to Ray, and he'll have some comments on '08. For 2006, the margin number was 53.9%. You'll see we've got it down 220 basis points over 2007. We are looking at approximately 51.7%. We do have room in incentive comp, but of course that depends on revenue, and the operating income that we put out. So a little bit difficult to say going forward, but I would invite Ray to say anything else that you might want to ask.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I mean there are obviously a number of moving parts at this early date in looking at 2008. And I think and I realize this is probably a somewhat frustrating as you try to think about 2008. But the clarity that we have around likely debt market activity is not high right now and particularly for the structured finance business, which has been the high growth business. So we are working on developing what that outlook is going to be. We had never provided a succeeding year outlook in October. And I think given the uncertainty in the markets right now this would probably not be the best time for me to start trying to do that.
John H. Neff - William Blair & Co.: Understandable. Just a quick question, if I could one more, I will get back in the queue. Residential mortgage-backed securities as a percentage of total revenue, my understanding in the past was that, that has been I believe in the realm of about 15%. And can you reconcile what's happening there with a decline in total structured finance revenue? Thank you.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well the residential mortgage-backed revenue, global residential mortgage-backed revenues as a percent of global Moody's Corporation revenue is about 8.5%. That has obviously been declining quarter-on-quarter throughout this year. And as you might expect, we anticipate its going to decline in the fourth quarter as well. And become a very small, at least the U.S. component to that. A very small contributed to global revenue.
Operator: Next we will go to Karl Choi at Merrill Lynch.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Hi a few questions here. The first one along the lines of the last question. Ray can you tell as the percentage of the total revenues, how much CDO's last in the third quarter. And then also in terms of compensation expense, the percentage of total expenses from compensation in the quarter and also some incentive compensation. Thanks?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'll take the CDO question. And what I have in front of me Karl is the U.S CDO information. The U.S. CDO's in third quarter were about 16% of U.S. revenue. And again that has being a declining percentage quarter-on-quarter throughout the year.
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: And Karl for incentive comp as a percentage of total comp for Q3. That was 9% of total comp, which is compared to 17% for the third quarter last year, and 19% in the second quarter of this year and 16% for year-to-date. So you can see there the incentive comp as a percentage has come off, almost to the point of half, in fact more than half of the second quarter comparison. And total comp to total expenses is 67%.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And Karl since Linda's answer gave me time to calculate, the global CDO revenue was also about 16% of global Moody's Corp revenues.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Great. Regarding your comment about operating expenses to be down, I think 7% sequentially speaking in the fourth quarter. Can you just give us a little bit more color where the decline is going to come from apart from the lease expenses going away? What are the major components?
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Karl. A lot about will that will come from the true-up of incentive compensation if our revenue view hold. Basically we'd see expenses will come up about $20 million in the fourth quarter and that's approximate. A lot of that will come from the room we have because of the true-up in incentive compensation, again if the revenue view that we forecast holds.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: And lastly Linda, can you give me the percentage of our revenues from corporate finance in the quarter that was from high yield in investment grade and the components? Thanks.
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Sure, the percentage of revenues from high yield were 8%, that was down net of total global corporate finance, that's down from 13% at the same time last year Karl. On a numerical basis it's a drop of about 31% from $12 million last year to $8.3 million this year.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's the bond, the high-yield bond. If you include loans, it would be... the total would be about 13% I believe of corporate finance revenue.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: What about investment grade?
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Investment grade was 22% of total corporate finance set up from 15% for the same period last year and a change of 76.7%.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And again we are talking of bond issuance. So that does not include 50... frequent issue pricing fees and commercial paper of medium term note programs. That would be in the other category.
Karl Choi - Merrill Lynch: Right, thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Michael Meltz at Bear Stearns.
Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns: Great, thank you. I think I have three questions. Can you clarify for me your actual... your full year guidance, what it implies for the fourth quarter in terms of revenue and EPS? And then secondly on Karl's question on the cost cut, so you are saying Linda, that you are essentially assuming just a big dropdown in incentive compensation and I assume some discretionary costs, but not headcount reductions?
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: I think going to that the second question of first Michael, a lot of it will come from the incentive compensation change and I think it's fair to say that we're also looking at headcount across the firm. We're looking at all costs across the firm. We want to be very clear that we understand that we have to bring incentives inline with the revenue picture. So we are looking at everything and we do expect that there will be some selective staff reduction.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: As far as the fourth quarter expectations for revenue, if you back into it from the year-to-date in the full year that we have given, you can see a mid teens to low to mid-20s expected decline in revenue, in fourth quarter.
Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns: Okay and on the EPS side though your... you're using the 224 base on last year? You are saying you're going grow that? Putting all that non-occurring items is that the number you're using.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I am not sure I heard the question. It was...
Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns: I just want to make sure Ray I understand what EPS you're talking about in terms of this guidance? Are you using... what are you using as a base for over '06 to... in that you're growing that made the mid to high single- digits.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay so I just didn't hear you before. The basis is $ 2.25 for Q4 '06. I am sorry for full year '06.
Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns: Okay and then lastly, I just want to ask about the margin assumption for next year. Is this... I am not sure how you can guide to a margin assumption by not guiding the revenues, since they kind of go...
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well what I, I am sorry.
Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns: It's because they can't go hand in hand, I just want to understand is your point of saying that just to assure people, do you think Moody's can continue to operate at a 50% type of margin going forward?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I would not characterize this as guidance on the margin. As I said, we are targeting a 50% margin. We think that we can continue to maintain a 50% margin even in a much slower revenue growth environment, but there are obviously limits to that. And so what I'm telling you at this point is what I am working on in terms of our goal for our cost management. Once we have taken care of any restructuring that we'll be doing in the fourth quarter and aligning the growth in headcount which is the lion's share of our expense with the revenue outlook that we are developing. So that's the goal and in a range of performance environments for the debt markets, I think we will be able to achieve that but obviously not in all environments and I don't yet know what are our essential case would be for the revenue environment in 2008.
Michael Meltz - Bear Stearns: Okay, Thank you Ray
Operator: Next we'll move to Fred Searby at J.P. Morgan.
Fred Searby - J.P. Morgan: Thank you. Couple of questions. One, I wondered if you could help me Ray and Linda think about do you saw growth still in structured finance in Europe. Given the issues that seem to be manifesting themselves in a housing market, how much of an impact do you think that's going to be on structured finance in Europe and then I wondered if you could give us some sense as to what you baked in a structured finance implied 4Q or projection in terms of CDO issuance, and then if you have any thoughts on this rescue front and what it... that's a wild card, but what could it all mean? Thank you.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure Fred, I'm going to invite Brian Clarkson to comment on most of this, but let me just give you the expectation for the fourth quarter on the CDO side. In the U.S, CDO market were expecting a decline of 40% to 50% and that includes both CLOs and asset back CDOs. We expect a decline in the asset back CDOs to be greater than 40% to 50% and the decline in the CLO markets to be somewhat less. Globally, we would expect a decline for CDOs to be between 30% and 40% and I'll ask Brian to add any comments that he can on the European structured finance side and on the rescue front.
Brian M. Clarkson - President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investor Services: Sure this is Brian Clarkson, on the European structure finance side particularly CDOs, what we don't see is the same type of decline or the same sort of containment that we see in the U.S. with respect to the housing market. And the big reason for that is you don't really see ABS, CDOs that include housing securities. And either if you did in Europe what we haven't seen is the same downturn housing market, and so we're still seeing some growth in the overall structured finance market in Europe, but also in CDOs because of that and also CLOs. With respect to the rescue front, we're certainly involved, we've been talking to people, with respect to... we haven't assigned a rating and we're listening to the proposal. The outcome is really uncertain at this point although I will say that if they are successful selling this up that it will actually... it should provide some equities to the market. And also help this SIVs that are trying to sell good assets to the extent that they can sell them in fair prices that will actually provide liquidity to the market. If those SIVs that may either attempt to well, may wind down... it can wind down in an orderly fashion. What it overall does, if it is successful, it will enable them to for those who want to restructure they can restructure themselves in a different type of vehicle, and those who actually want to wind down they can do in 6-month or a 12-month period.
Fred Searby - J.P. Morgan: Thank you and just one follow up. In terms of some of your emerging areas of growth that you've highlighted hedge fund ratings the insurance category. Is there any breakout story there that you see materializing? Thank you.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: As far as the two areas you've just mentioned. I would say no. there is not a break out story there. We're continuing to assign ratings, we're continuing to get growth out of those areas but it is steady growth off a small based rather than break out opportunity, at least as yet. Where we are expecting good growth in the fourth quarter is on the investor services side of the business, and as we move to integrate investor services, our global sales of research with our other non-ratings businesses. I expect, we're going to see good growth out of what will be the Moody's Analytics business in 2008. So I do feel confident that we're going to have a good story there in 2008.
Fred Searby - J.P. Morgan: Thank you guys.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will go next to Greg Huber at Lehman Brothers.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Yes. Hi thank you. A couple of questions; historically I think you had roughly a 60:40 revenue split between... revenues based on new issued volume and on the other side the recurring monthly revenue support. Can you tell us how do that revenues break out this quarter?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. It hasn't changed dramatically. The transaction related revenue in the third quarter was about 70% of ratings revenue with the relationship revenue being 30% and then, if you keep in mind that about 20% of our business is outside of the ratings area, Moody's KMV and our research business what you've got is transaction revenue that is about 70% or 80% or in the mid 50% range. So I mean its still is about 55%, 45% split between transaction and relational revenue.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: In that 70% number you talk about specifically in the ratings business. How does that differ across the different asset class, particularly the structured versus high yield versus the investment grade of loans?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes as we commented before the structured finance and public finance businesses are much more transactionally based. The corporate financial and financial institutions businesses having more rating for its relationship, with the financial institution business being most heavily weighted to relationship fees.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then just switching back to the variable cost for second aside from the incentives, compensation are there any other material variable cost you can point to here that you can to start to dial it down if top line doesn't perform?
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: No I think credits start to say we have some flexibility but it's not limitless we have some choices we can make for example on technology project spending and things like that we can dial down if we see revenues often a split again 70% of our expenses are actually 67% for this quarter, all compensation-related. So that's why we have to take such a hard look to top line.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Is that remaining because you are talking about roughly in the 5% to 8% range?
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: I am sorry, could you repeat that question?
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Is that IT tax roughly in the 5% to 8% range your cost?
Linda S. Huber - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: That's fairish, yes.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Yes okay and then lastly if I could can you just comment a little bit about what you seeing in the month of October that might be better or worse across asset classes virtually you saw in September? Thank you.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We don't obviously have a full month of October in but I would say the story in October is not dramatically different than what we've seen in September there continues to be significant stress in some important sectors of the debt market including important sectors the structured finance and most of the activity that we are seeing on the corporate finance side continues to be investment grade activity. But not a dramatic change in the profile from what we are seeing at the end of the third quarter.
Craig Huber - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go to Catrina Ure [ph] at Citi.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi it's Catrina Ure from Citi. I just wanted to follow-up on Craig's question about the monthly seasonality. In the past credit crunches that we've seen and I think you have talked about this in previous presentations. You've talked about how long the credit crunches have lasted and how long the decelerating growth rates occur before we start to see a turn around back towards growth again how would you compare this credit crunch to what you have seen maybe with the WorldCom or with the 2001 recession and 9/11?
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure Catrina. While there is a little bit difficult to see long distance in the middle of the storm, I would say that right now I would expect, the recovery from this credit tightening to be more protracted than what we saw with either the recoveries from the LTCM period in 1998 or in the post WorldCom period, I sort of put the 2001 period to the side because we have very strong performance through that period and so I don't think its good to compare it for. The reason I think we'll probably have a more protracted recovery period is that the credit issues that have come up in the structured finance area I think are probably going to drive some more basic rethinking about certain asset categories or classes of structured finance. Obviously the areas that have been most hard hit are the sub prime residential mortgages, the short-term markets particularly that part of the market represented by the structured investment vehicles and the knock on effect to the credit derivatives market. I think its not unreasonable to expect, that we will probably see more standardization coming out of this, this market going forward with some of the more complex securities being more difficult to place for a longer period of time so the combination of the market having to digest the ongoing problems with the housing market in the U.S. and to think about the adjustments that will be made to securities and potentially creating more standardized securities classes in structured to accommodate more liquidity, more transparency. I think its going to take some time and that's why we're being cautious about the pace of recovery coming out of this trench.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And at this time we have no further questions. Mr. McDaniel, I will turn the conference back over to you.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr. - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I want to thank everyone who joined us this morning and we look forward to speaking with you after we get our year-end results. Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. So again thank you for participation.
