===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Mondelez International First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. As we discuss our results today, unless noted as reported, we'll be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures, which adjust for certain items included in our GAAP results. In addition, we provide our year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis unless otherwise noted. You can find the comparable GAAP measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. Today, Dirk will provide a business and strategy update, followed by a review of our financial results and outlook by Luca. We will close with Q&A. I'll now turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van De Put: Thanks, Shep, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. I will start on Slide 4. I'm pleased to share that we delivered solid results for the first quarter, driven by sound execution despite significant external volatility. Our top line grew 3.1% behind strong pricing execution across our chocolate business due to unprecedented input costs for cocoa. We also delivered strong profit dollar generation and free cash flow. These results, along with solid category growth, reinforce our continued confidence in our full year outlook. We remain committed to delivering against our strategic agenda, focusing on the controllables and staying agile in this challenging macro environment. We are continuing to execute with excellence against our chocolate strategy and our cost savings program. Both of these initiatives are on track and we'll provide additional color throughout today's call. Turning to Slide 5. You can see that organic net revenue grew 3.1%. Volume mix was down 3.5 points due to elasticity, consistent with our expectations. We also implemented plant activities in our chocolate business. And a few onetime factors also affected volume mix, which included Easter phasing and retailer inventory destocking, which Luca will describe in more detail later. Pricing execution related to cocoa inflation was strong. We have now implemented planned pricing across many key markets with minimal disruption. We also saw a successful start to the Easter season. As expected, adjusted gross profit was significantly impacted by record cocoa costs and consequently this also affected our EPS. We also generated $800 million in free cash flow in the quarter. On Slide 6, you can see that consumers' enduring preference for our snacking categories remains solid despite continuing economic and political concerns in many markets. In North America, continued frustration with day-to-day pricing and cost of living challenges continues to drive value-seeking behavior. As a result, growth in the biscuit category is soft, but it continues to hold up better than many other snacking categories. Despite overall declining consumer confidence, loyalty to our strong brands like Oreo, Chips Ahoy and Ritz remains solid and our investment in price pack architecture are helping to drive continued share gains. Meanwhile, in Europe, consumer confidence and price elasticities remain stable. We continue to see solid category value growth in both biscuits and chocolate and our brands continue to resonate with consumers. Elasticity also remained stable in emerging markets. However, consumer confidence is soft in Brazil, Mexico and China from economic uncertainty, while confidence in India remains solid. Overall, we're seeing solid category growth in both volume and value across our combined emerging markets. And Mondelez share is improving in both biscuits and chocolate. Turning to Slide 7. It is important to reinforce that we are continuing to make progress against our strategic growth agenda, reinvesting in our brands, expanding distribution, strengthening our marketing and sales capabilities and scaling our long-standing commitment to sustainability. Here are just a few highlights of our strategy in action. Our iconic global brands, including Oreo and Cadbury Dairy Milk, continue to drive creative on-trend activations that resonate strongly with consumers and help strengthen our strategic partnerships with retailers. For example, Oreo's collaboration with Post Malone marked the first time a pop culture figure was personally involved in building a recipe for Oreo nearly from scratch, resulting in our first ever twisted cream. Meanwhile, in the UK, we rolled out our first of many chocolate collaborations, resulting from the partnership with Lotus Bakeries. The Cadbury Dairy Milk Biscoff bar featuring the signature Biscoff taste and crunch is only the beginning of our innovation platform with our other chocolate brands rolling out similar Biscoff crumbles and flavors across Europe in the coming months. Along with these creative brand reinvestments, we continue to expand distribution around the world. We added more than 100,000 stores in emerging markets in Q1. We also are making significant progress in strengthening our partnership with retailers around the world. For the first time in our history, we achieved a top tier ranking on the Global Advantage survey. Additionally, we continue to make strong progress towards building a more sustainable snacking company and delivered on all our '24 sustainability targets. Earlier this month, we published our annual Snacking Made Right report providing stakeholders an in depth view of our sustainability strategy, goals, and performance data. Among other highlights, we expanded Cocoa Life, our signature sustainability program to source 91% of cocoa volume for our chocolate business. We also made meaningful strides in combating climate change, reducing end-to-end carbon emissions by 12% versus our 2018 baseline. We continue to believe that helping to drive positive change at scale across the communities our business touches is an integral part of value creation. Simply put, we believe that more sustainable businesses and always will be is good business. I encourage you to take a few minutes to review our report in more detail. Before I turn the microphone over to Luca, I'd like to reinforce that our chocolate strategy remains on track and performance to-date is broadly in-line with our expectations. Our teams started planning for the challenges created by record cocoa input cost inflation more than a year ago and we are confident that the robust, clear strategy we built to navigate these conditions is paying off. We have reconfigured our chocolate portfolio to offer consumers an array of pack sizes appropriate for each snacking occasion from bite-sized treats offering a delicious taste of me time to family sizes designed for sharing with family and friends. At the same time, we continue to maintain entry level pricing to drive consumption. We also have successfully implemented most of our planned pricing in Europe with minimal customer disruption. As a result, elasticity is in line with expectations. We're also growing share in chocolate across markets up 0.4 points year-to-date. We continue to innovate with new flavors, formats and brand activations. Year-in and year-out, consumers around the world show us that our iconic chocolates are an essential part of their seasonable celebrations like Valentine's Day and Easter. We are continuing to stay a step ahead of their changing taste with exciting new products, including the delicious co-branded tablets I mentioned before, featuring the unique caramelized Biscoff flavor and crunch. In short, we remain confident that our strong chocolate franchise is positioned for long-term success. Our robust playbook is working and we remain convinced that it will enable us to not only navigate the current cocoa cost challenge, but more importantly, to drive category health for the long-term. And with that I'll turn it over to Luca to share additional insights on our financials.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk, and good afternoon. Q1 marked another quarter of top line growth for our business despite some external challenges and lower consumer confidence. For Q1, we delivered solid revenue growth, while profit dollar generation was better-than-expected. Free cash flow continued to be strong. Revenue grew 3.1% behind strong pricing execution across our chocolate business. Volume mix was down 3.5% due to elasticity from chocolate pricing, transitory trade destocking with plant consumption in the US, planned outsizing activities in chocolate to protect price points as well as some Easter phasing. Developed markets grew 2.6%, primarily due to strong pricing execution with a volume mix decline of 3.3% on the back of retailer destocking and some chocolate elasticity. Total revenue for emerging markets grew 3.9% with a volume mix decline of 3.7%. EM results were driven by strength in Brazil, China and the majority of the Middle East and Africa businesses. We experienced some softness in India and Southeast Asia. Moving to portfolio performance on Slide 11. Biscuits & Baked snacks grew 0.3% for the quarter. Brands delivering growth included LU, 7DAYS, Prince, Club Social, Perfect Snacks and Grenade. However, we saw softer than expected results in our US biscuits business, driven by retailer de-stocking, which resulted in approximately 60 basis points volume headwind to the total company and 250 basis points for total North American volumes. Additionally, our US biscuit business experienced lower consumption driven by ongoing consumer confidence declines, resulting in lower frequency and value seeking behavior. Chocolate grew by 10.1% with significant growth across both developed and emerging markets. Volume mix was down 5.7%, driven by elasticities that were in-line with our expectation, along with RGM and product outsizing activities across the chocolate portfolio that accounted for almost three points of decline. Brand growth was broad based across global and local brands with Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka, Lacta, Cote d'Or, Freia, Marabou, and HU all posting strong results. Gum & Candy grew 1%, driven by Gum in China and Mexico as well as both Gum & Candy in Western Andean. Volume mix was challenged because of trade destocking in the US as well as some issues in Mexico. Let's review market share performance on Slide 12. We held or gained share in approximately 7% of our revenue base with strength in both chocolate and biscuits. Category growth numbers are clearly underestimated because of chocolate Easter phasing versus last year. A more normalized number would put total category growth at around 3%. Category growth is due to accelerate as more pricing for chocolate kicks in. Turning to regional performance on Slide 13. Europe grew 8.9% in Q1. Execution and growth were excellent in the quarter, and several key countries, including the UK, France, and Germany delivered robust growth. Pricing execution related to cocoa inflation was strong, coupled with the successful start to the Easter season and share gains. Volume declines were driven by elasticity levels consistent with our expectation and RGM activities associated with our chocolate strategy. We have successfully landed chocolate pricing for the key alliances in-line with our expectation. We can now focus on driving demand and expect positive developments in Europe for the remainder of the year. OI dollars were down approximately 26% due to unprecedented levels of cocoa inflation. North America declined 3.6% due primarily to retailer destocking in the US as well as softer consumer demand, most notably within the food and mass channel. This dynamic remains consistent with the overall market and is driven primarily by less frequency from lower income households. Given we gained share, our total consumption was pretty much flat. We are continuing to sharpen our offers, such as recently introduced 5 Star, which have shown good momentum along with improving store execution and increased distribution to drive improved results as we move through the year. North America OI decreased by 18% due to lower volume and cocoa inflation from our Canadian chocolate business, but also for the US biscuit. AMEA grew 1.8% for the quarter. China delivered another strong quarter with mid-single-digit volume-led growth driven by focused initiatives around Oreo, Chips Ahoy, and Stride. India declined high-single-digits, lapping a strong prior year as overall consumption was challenged by inflationary pressures and wage growth. We do expect to improve the trajectory of the India business beginning in Q2 through targeted activation, distribution gains and an improving macro backdrop resulting from income tax relief and recently enacted interest rate cuts. Australia, New Zealand, and Japan delivered another strong quarter with mid-single-digit top-line growth due to strong Easter execution and pricing. AMEA OI dollars declined 8.3% due to materially higher cocoa prices that were partially offset by pricing and cost discipline. Latin America grew 3.9% with solid pricing execution and a volume mix decline of 2.5%. Brazil posted mid-single-digit growth with strong chocolate and biscuits. That was partially offset by weaker powder beverage results. Mexico grew low-single-digits with growth in biscuits, chocolate, and gum while candy was down. The Mexican economy is showing signs of slowing, which we are continuing to monitor and factor into our plans. Latin America OI declined 12.4% due largely to increased cocoa inflation. Turning to Page 14 and a few notes on volume mix dynamics in Q1. Although overall volume mix was down 3.5%, it is important to separate what is one-time or planned versus underlying. US trade destocking and seasonal phasing around Easter account for roughly 1.3 percentage points or roughly 40% of that decline, while package downsizing accounted for another point of lower volume. On the flip side, EU customer disruption was lower than planned and last year, bringing us closer to an underlying decline of approximately 2%. We expect the US destocking dynamic to partially continue into Q2, while Easter phasing will be favorable next quarter. Turning to Page 15. In Q1, we saw a decline of 12% in gross profit dollar terms. Solid top-line growth and cost efficiency partially offset significant cocoa inflation. Our view of cocoa inflation is changed for the remainder of the year and is embedded into our full year outlook. Next to EPS on Slide 16. Q1 EPS declined 18% in constant currency. Turning to Slide 17 and cash flow and capital return. We delivered $800 million of free cash flow for the quarter. We repurchased $1.5 billion in stock at an average price of $57.91. Before moving to our outlook, let me provide a few thoughts on cocoa. Although cocoa prices remain quite elevated relative to historical averages, both spot rates and future curves have declined since our Q4 call. We continue to expect a small surplus for the year. In addition, we continue to see volume declines from an industry perspective due to elasticities associated with inflation-driven pricing and outsizing activities, while non-chocolate players who traditionally use cocoa as an ingredients continue to reformulate with alternative components at a fraction of the cost. We believe at these levels, meaningful demand declines are expectable and will accelerate and that eventually will reflect on cocoa prices. Having said that, we remain confident in our pricing and RGM strategy and will continue to stay agile as the situation demands. Turning to our outlook on Slide 20. Our outlook for '25 remains unchanged for organic revenue, earnings per share and free cash flow. This includes approximately 5% revenue growth, which reflects successful customer negotiation and pricing in Europe as well as a softer demand environment in the US. Most of our key assumptions remain consistent with what we shared with you on our last call. We are reaffirming inflation levels, interest and tax costs as well as share repurchases. Translation ForEx impacts have changed and we are now expecting no impact to net revenue and EPS from foreign currency for the year. This reflects the dollar weakening against several currencies since our last call, including the euro and sterling. However, given dollar volatility, this could rapidly change. With respect to tariffs, the vast majority of US production is sourced from the US or is USMCA compliant. However, there is some sourcing of finished goods and ingredients that are subject to tariffs as things stand today. Although not particularly large, these are incremental to our last call and have been factored into our current earnings outlook. Before Q&A, a few words on '26. We remain focused on running a balanced P&L for '25, while continuing to maintain a sound chocolate business and category for the long-term. The early results have been positive as it relates to our chocolate strategy. We continue to invest behind our business, while cost saving initiatives remain on target. It is early to provide specifics on 2026, but we still expect EPS growth for next year. Although cocoa prices have come down recently, they remain elevated. It is also important to note that if we do see further improvement in cocoa, we will likely reinvest a portion of that saving back into the business. With that let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Appreciate it. Maybe, Dirk, just to start it off, it'd be great to get maybe a bit more detail on sort of trends in some key regions as we think about sort of a year to go from here.
Dirk Van De Put: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. Well, I would say that first of all, despite the changes that we see in the external environment that we feel pretty good about the start of the year and our results. I would note a few positives, which will impact the rest of the year, that happened during Q1. First of all, we had some major negotiations to do in Europe to announce the price increases and get approval for the price increases on our chocolate business. And they passed virtually all of them with minimal disruption this year. Then if you look at how our chocolate business is doing, particularly in Europe, the pricing is on track. As I just said, we have some very good activations. We've implemented a number of RGM activities. Easter came through quite well. So Easter, we will see more in the Q2 results, but and Q1 was affected because of the Easter phasing, which was late this year. But we can already see that Easter will be very good for us, and for instance, know that we had some strong share gains in the UK. Our emerging markets continue to perform well, particularly I would mention here China and Brazil and in times like this where the North American market is probably the most affected market, it's good to have this geographical diversification. And on top of we're gaining share in many markets around the world. Having said all that, I think the one thing that you've seen probably from many companies is that North America was clearly softer than what we would have expected. I think many people have thought about the retail destocking, we expect that will be less in Q2. The biscuit category is soft. We see consumers switching to more essentials in grocery and snacking categories are suffering as a consequence of that. But biscuit overall compared to other snacking categories is doing better and on top of gaining share in the category. So we've got a number of good puts and takes in the quarter. We feel very good about our full year outlook. If I look a little bit at what's going on around the world, I would say the consumer sentiment is quite mixed, and that's driven by overall global macroeconomic uncertainty. Probably where we saw the biggest effect on the consumer was in the US, where the consumer confidence declined sharply in Q1 and it declined another 11% in April. That's all driven by inflation fears. People see their income slowing. We see that the pressurizing -- or the prioritizing of essentials, which is pressurizing snacking. We see a shift to value club and e-com channels. We're seeing more promotional pressure and largely lower-income consumers are shifting to smaller packs, while higher-income consumers are shifting to larger packs for value. In the middle of all that, the biscuit category declined 1.5% in value, but it outperformed other snack categories as said. Cookies is doing better than crackers. Private label grew a little bit. We gained about 0.3 points of share. I think that was driven largely by the fact that we launched a number of affordable formats, which we call fresh stacks, which are under $3 and I think we are seeing that offering compelling value to consumers really matters at this stage. I have to say that I really do not expect to see a significant improvement in the consumer confidence in the near-term in the US that is. In Europe, I would say consumer confidence is, in general, stable. They are aware of the global trade volatility and it's impacting their purchasing behavior. They're probably switching to more frugal spending and also prioritizing essentials. We see a bit more shopping frequency going to smaller pack sizes and also a shift in channels in Europe that is more to discounters and e-commerce and we see an increase in promotions. In the middle of all that, with the price increases we're implementing, chocolate is performing in line to expectations, i.e., the elasticities that we're seeing are in line around 0.5. There was -- Easter was later this year. So if you include that in Q2, I think we will see a nice Q2. And biscuit is performing well, particularly in France for us. So we feel pretty confident about our European business. We see a resilient consumer. We landed the negotiations. We had a good Easter. Biscuits are doing well. So we expect our European business to continue to do well. And on the emerging market, I would say the consumer is softer because they are suffering from inflation. They see the trade volatility. The Chinese consumer remains quite subdued, 20-year low, I would say, but our business is doing well. The Indian consumer is stable. There is more optimism this year. People see income growth, jobs, and then Brazil and Mexico, clearly in both places, the consumer is softer, more outspoken in Mexico than in Brazil, of course, because of the economic uncertainty and the persistent inflation. I would say our categories in emerging markets are stable. We have gained shares, but we have to remain agile in all regions of the world. So I would say, so far so good, but it's still a long year, and we will need to stay very vigilant about shifts that we see at the level of the consumer.
Andrew Lazar: Great. That's really helpful detail. Thanks so much for that. And maybe Luca, just briefly, just key puts and takes to keep in mind for the year to go particularly around North America and pricing in Europe. Thanks so much.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Hi, Andrew. So I think as far as '25 guidance goes, I think for us, it's a great thing that we are reaffirming our plan. We feel quite good at this point in time. But as you said, there are puts and takes. I think Dirk already mentioned among the positives, the customer negotiation, which I would say is a pure upside versus last year, because last year we had some disruption. This year we don't. But in general, I would also say that pricing across the board, whether it is chocolate in developed and emerging markets or biscuits in emerging markets specifically, it is absolutely on track and our RGM agenda is clearly improving the situation on elasticity in both chocolate and in biscuits. As we said, elasticities are quite good at this point in time. And so that's an assumption that is key for us to be able to deliver on and potentially overdeliver on the top line in the year to go. Importantly, the Easter season was quite strong. Dirk mentioned Europe, but I'm happy to report that we gained meaningful share in Brazil and in Australia. And so we are very happy there. Biscuits is holding up well outside of North America. We have positive volume mix in the category. And clearly there are some cost upside versus our original plan. And as we mentioned, the overall tariffs is causing a small and manageable impact. So those are, I would say, the positives that we see continuing into the second part of the year in Q2 as well. And among the things that didn't play out as we planned, it is clearly the consumer sentiment in the US impacting our categories. But biscuits as a category despite being soft is faring better than other snacks and we are winning share. When you put both the market dynamics and the share, actually our consumption in Q1 is slightly down. So I think that given some of the numbers we have seen published by others, I think it is relatively speaking terms, a good thing. Trade destocking is a one-time impact. You saw that it is meaningful. It is 2.5 points, 3 points of volume mix in the US and we assume that is non-recoverable in the year to go. I think particularly as we enter into Q2, you will see an acceleration of top line and volume mix. And I think that's clearly to the testament of what the teams are doing. All considered, you might not expect anything differently at this point in time, but we are retaining some flexibility within the plan. So should things worsen in the US, I think we have what it takes to deliver both top and bottom line. But also bear in mind that if we have earnings upside, we will be reinvesting in the business as we are trying to enter '26 from a stronger position. We remain disciplined on capital allocation. We will continue to buy back stock in a sensible manner. As you might have seen, we were active buyers in Q1 at what I believe are very compelling prices. So very happy on that front too.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: We'll go next to Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi. Thank you. I just wanted to ask about your strategy to mitigate cocoa inflation. It's obviously multifaceted, right, with productivity and RGM and of course, pricing, and you touched on your success in these elements during your prepared remarks. But what I really wanted to dig in a little bit on is the balance between them ahead? And I guess the question in particular is with pricing having gone, I don't want to say better-than-expected, but it sure seems like an elasticity in line. Is there a possibility you can maybe be a little bit less aggressive on RGM or maybe some other actions than you were planning or is really the message just, hey, our overall mitigation efforts are going quite well and it's full steam ahead in all areas. Just wanted to get a better sense of all of those.
Dirk Van De Put: Yes. Good question, Ken. So, yes, you phrased it right. So our strategy basically was, of course, first of all, have a great execution of what we designed, but we designed at the core a very aggressive RGM strategy, and that doesn't necessarily mean all downsizing. It means that we will offer a whole range of pack sizes to the consumers and so the consumer suddenly has many more options as it relates to the price points they would like to buy our products. And then we are trying to get some very strong activation. So Easter was the first step, but there's a number of others to come during the year. Easter, I would say, was a success. That's the second leg of our chocolate strategy. And the third leg is to come up with new products, new and unique products that draw the consumer into the category and the launch in this first quarter was the Cadbury Biscoff product. That is at the moment our number one selling SKU in the UK. More is to come in that front. So we will launch in several more markets in the coming months that Biscoff varietal. And then later in the year, we will have a number of new innovations under that Cadbury Biscoff or Milka Biscoff franchise. The other thing we're doing as part of that strategy is protect key price points. So if there is a low unit price point in India, for instance, we are maintaining that at INR5 and INR10. We are also very carefully making sure that we don't break any thresholds in developed markets. So the big question is what's going to happen once that all hits the market. Pricing has gone well in the sense that we finished the negotiations with our clients. And we have implemented pricing i.e., the consumer is seeing the pricing in a number of markets, but it's very early days. We see a little bit more in Scandinavia, for instance, or in the UK, where we went ahead earlier with the pricing, but countries like Germany or France is now hitting the market. Australia did some at the end of last year, but is doing more in May. So it's still to be seen what the reaction is going to be. What I can say so far from a consumer perspective is that the elasticity is around 0.5, which is exactly in line with what we would have expected. But we want to continue to monitor very closely and we don't want to start saying, okay, this worked great. We will have to see how the consumer is reacting. The good news of all of this is that we gained share in volume and value share overall. Our tablets are up, of course, double-digit, as you can imagine with some of the pricing and Easter, as I said, is very good. So the word that I would use is so far so good, but we are not done yet. We have a long road ahead, the macro conditions are very volatile. As I said, the European consumer is stable at the moment, but that could change and we still have to very carefully monitor the consumer reactions, which by the way, are very different from country to country and we need to sort of direct our reactions depending on what we see happening. On the long-term, I think we're seeing the signs that we had -- that we believe in the chocolate market, which is that in the end, consumers love chocolate. They will probably grapple a little bit with the current price increases. But over the long-term, I think the high penetration of chocolate will continue. I think we will continue to see very strong brand loyalty. We have the Taste of the Nation brands in many markets. I don't think consumer will walk away from that. And there is very, very low cross substitution happening. If you don't have your chocolate, there is not really that many other products you can go to that give you the same satisfaction and indulgence, I would say. We also, as Luca mentioned, we want to take a long-term approach here. So if we have any upside, we want to reinvest particularly in our chocolate business. We don't want to take any shortcuts for short-term gains. We are very focused on the long-term health of the category as well as our business. And it's all going to depend where cocoa goes in the rest of the year and where cocoa will be next year, but if it stays at the high level it currently is, we might need to implement more RGM in the second half of the year or the beginning of next year. So agility is going to be key going forward, but so far so good, as I said.
Kenneth Goldman: Thank you so much. I'll pass it on.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: We'll go next to Peter Galbo with Bank of America.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Luca, thanks for the clarity on tariffs. I think one of the wire services maybe picked up your commentary wrong. So I appreciate the clarifications there. Luca, maybe just to start, I wanted to ask, the slides you gave, I believe it's 11 and 12 that kind of show the Easter timing shift in chocolate. I guess if we had accounted for that, it would even imply that maybe elasticity was a bit better than you even planned for, just taking into account that shift. So I just wanted to understand if that's a fair way to think about it, given you had kind of a volume pushout with the pricing you put in, maybe versus first glance, that the elasticity in chocolate might actually be more favorable than you had planned?
Luca Zaramella: I think in Q1, it has been a little bit more favorable. Having said that, pricing that is getting into effect in Europe, Brazil, India is kicking in as of April, May, June. And that is the moment I think we'll be able to tell you for sure that elasticities are in line with our expectations. So Easter was priced up compared to last year, but there is more pricing coming into effect into the P&L in Q2. And so you will see an acceleration of the revenue growth in Q2. I can tell you that Easter year-on-year is a meaningful driver of growth for us. As I mentioned, we were quite happy despite the price increases that Easter volume held up well in three major countries, namely or in several countries, namely Europe with the UK, a clear standout in terms of share, but also Brazil and Australia. So far so good, I would say, hopefully, we'll get positively surprised. It's important to say that in both big countries like Brazil and India, we are protecting key price points. And so hopefully, the elasticity will be minimal also going forward.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And Dirk, maybe just as a follow-up, one question we got on the North America destocking, just given that you do operate a DSD system in the US, it would be, I guess, less common that we would expect that to happen. So just curious if you can give more color either whether it's by channel, was it club where you're maybe in more of a warehouse model, where the destocking is happening? Just any additional thoughts on kind of what the real driver is just relative to what we would maybe see historically? Thanks very much.
Dirk Van De Put: Yes. I would say we see it mostly in food and mass. Even if we have DSD there, the retailers still work with some stock in the back of the store and they have an influence on how they -- what the level is and they manage that through their orders. So we have a benefit in the execution that we do DSD, but the ordering still is quite directed by the centralized approach. So I would say it's more pronounced in food and mass and DSD really doesn't help us because of the reasons that I just gave you.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Thanks very much.
Dirk Van De Put: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Megan Clapp with Morgan Stanley.
Megan Clapp: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks so much. First question, Luca, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks, the profit dollar generation in the quarter was a bit better than you expected. So Part A, just wondered if you could expand a bit on what drove that. And Part B, a bit related, last time on your fourth quarter call, I think you mentioned profit would be more pressured in 1Q with sequential improvement. Just wanted to clarify, is that still the case? It does seem like there's some incremental tariff costs. And while you mentioned not large, just wanted to see if it changes how we should think about the cadence of the rest of the year? Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Thank you for your question. The upside came essentially through three lines, I would say, there was a little bit of better pricing, excluding the US where you saw that pricing was slightly negative. We had to reinvest some trade deals. But in general, pricing is a little bit better than what we had planned. So not an impact, I would say, in the quarters to come, but a little bit of an upside in Q1. The second element is productivities. We are delivering on our productivity and we are ahead of schedule. There was a comprehensive pipeline specifically around procurement related productivities. And I think the team has done a very good job in delivering those productivities ahead of schedule. Again, not a material upside in the quarters to come, but certainly a timing upside as we have accelerated the delivery. And the third element is a little bit on the commodity side. We were able to obtain some commodities at favorable prices, and that has resulted in some margin upside. So in terms of cadence, we are clearly happy where we are at this point in time. I can't rule out the fact that there will be maybe a little bit more pressure going forward from tariffs. The direct impact to Mondelez is really minimal and manageable. And you can imagine that we are at this point in time not only we should start to most likely go through Q2 and Q3 in terms of those ingredients that are impacted. But importantly, we are sitting down with suppliers and trying to negotiate a more benign impact than we see. That impact is going to get into the P&L in Q4, specifically in North America as a driver. But in the big scheme of things, I would say, not a major deal, and something that most likely we'll be able to manage through several things that we are working on. Cadence wise, I remind you that percentage margins in this context is quite misleading. I think you saw that pricing in chocolate is up meaningfully. Total revenue was up 10%. So percentage margins as we price away absolute dollars will get diluted. But importantly, as we mentioned many, many times, we will be looking at chocolate margin per kilo as we exit 2025. And if we have done a good job in managing elasticities, I think we will have a very good situation in terms of profitability at the end of the year in terms of GP dollars and that will put us in a good position to grow earnings into 2026.
Megan Clapp: Great. That's really helpful. And maybe just a follow-up for you, Dirk, on biscuits in the US. Clearly, probably a theme that we've heard and we'll continue to hear throughout the earnings season as it relates to softness in the US. But you did -- you have made a lot of progress over the last couple of quarters on your share. But at the same time, you're a category leader. So just wondering if you could expand a bit about how you saw the quarter play out in the US. Maybe what you've seen as we've moved through Easter and whether you think there's further things you need to do to address just the category softness in particular. Thank you.
Dirk Van De Put: Yes. So I think what's going on is that the consumer feels very uncertain about the future. And as a consequence, they are trying to prioritize essential items and food. Those are essential food items like meat, vegetables, eggs, and so on. And the more indulgent categories or the less essential categories that would include personal care items, that would include alcohol beverages, that would include snacking categories are generating less interest at the moment. So we saw that certainly play out in the first quarter. And if you look at the snacking categories, I think almost all of them, except for yogurt are down versus last year in volume. Within those, however, biscuits is doing relatively speaking better. It's not down as much as we saw. And as Luca explained for us as a company, if you exclude the destocking effect, we were slightly down in consumption, but almost flat in consumption. The way we are thinking about it is that, first of all, we need to hit the right price points. And while two, three years ago, consumers would easily pay above $4 for a pack of biscuits. We're now seeing that we need to be below $4 and ideally below $3. And so we've launched a number of packs that hit that $3 price point, below $3 price point. That certainly is having an effect for us. I think the other one that we see is that if we can run good activations and get extra displays, that also makes a difference. And so going forward, we are planning on things like July 4, Labor Day really drive activation. We've got some interesting Oreo activations coming up. For instance, we will launch a global Selena Gomez promotion in the coming months and we think that will also make a difference. We did Post Malone at the beginning of the year and that worked very well for us. The third thing I would say that we're trying to do in biscuits is push our multi-packs harder. That is for the consumer that tries to buy bigger packs to get a better value and that is working also quite well for us. The destocking dynamic will subside. So that will help. And I think we have a bit of a chance that in the second half of the year, we will probably see a more positive volume growth environment in the biscuits category and for our business. So focusing on the execution of the factors that I said and make sure we control the controllables and I think we will see a gradually improving trajectory in the US.
Megan Clapp: Great. Thank you so much.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Megan.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Carey with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Carey: Hi, everyone. Thanks so much. Luca, you made a comments around procuring commodities at a slightly more favorable rates than what you thought. That struck me in the context of the commodity or the input inflation number in the quarter coming in a bit better than I expected per your filings. Do you think you're tracking better than your going inflation expectations? Are there more opportunities to procure commodity a bit better than what you thought? I wonder if you could just expand a bit more on that.
Luca Zaramella: I think you saw overall the mark-to-market being negative, and there have been adjustments, not only for cocoa but for other commodities. I would say we have been opportunistic, particularly in the way we have been locking in some minor commodities, I would say. At this point in time, though, we are pretty much done with coverage for the year. So the prices are locked in. You might also imagine that given the exposure we have through currencies, given the Europe and the GBP material changes we have been operating even in the ForEx exchange market and have taken advantage, particularly as there is a positive carry into 2026 and beyond with some of these currencies. So we have not only operated for some minor commodities taking advantages, but also extended coverage of some of the ForEx payers into 2026. So I think when there is volatility, we are usually very good at grabbing some of the opportunities.
Christopher Carey: Perfect. And then just one follow-up would be, you did mention that you would look to reinvest perhaps some, back into your chocolate business. I don't know if that was a comment on pricing or other such investment if cocoa were to come down. Dirk talked about more RGM. I guess this is, cocoa probably stays very volatile, and it's not sort of the core driver of your underlying business. But as this trends over time, what are kind of the key watch-outs, say, if cocoa were to go down, and that's going to help your margins a lot, would you give some of that back-in pricing? You mentioned this concept of gross profit per kilo. And if it doesn't, do you continue to kind of lean in on RGM and perhaps reformulation? So I know this is a topic that gets discussed quite a bit, but I would just love your latest thoughts in the context of kind of where we are in this cycle. Thanks so much.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Chris. So I would start by talking a little bit about the cocoa market and maybe on some of the fundamentals. I think we'll end this year with a total supply increase compared to last year that it is in the tune of 10%. I think on the flip side though, demand, if you look at the total grindings, which is a proxy for consumption, I think Q1 guidance were down 3% to 4%, but I think the market is a little bit underestimating the true impact that is going to happen to the demand side of things. Particularly as the biggest chocolate market, which is the US, is facing higher elasticity. I took a look couple of days ago to the evolution of the market in the States, including Easter, I think there is a little bit of volume pressure. And importantly, what we are seeing, we travel to a few countries and we see that those categories that utilize chocolate as a secondary ingredient are reformulating and downsizing heavily. I think you saw the impact that RGM had on our top line. So I expect really the demand side to impact positively the future cost of cocoa. Our goal is to exit the year with minimal elasticity or elasticities in line with what we expected and with the GP dollar that makes sense because we truly believe that even if cocoa comes down, that will allow us, A, to expand gross profit dollar in absolute terms, and B, to reinvest materially back in the category. So if cocoa comes down, I think quite frankly, it is Nirvana for us because the level we will be priced to and the ability that cocoa lower prices will give us to reinvest in the business, considering that our share is up and that we are holding the line in terms of price points, particularly in emerging markets, I think will position us well for the years to come. If cocoa stays high, quite frankly, I would say we don't expect at this point in time a material headwind into 2026. We talked to you about cocoa prices, but if I look, for instance, at cocoa butter, which is what we buy the most as opposed to cocoa powder, cocoa butter prices are already coming down for 2026. And so I think the market is anticipating some pressure on the volume side. And so a long answer to say that in either case, the plan is non-regrettable actions into 2025 and very well positioned at the end of 2025 to expand top and bottom line into 2026 for the chocolate category.
Christopher Carey: Thanks, Luca.
Dirk Van De Put: Thank you, Chris.
Operator: We'll take our final question from David Palmer with Evercore ISI.
David Palmer: Thanks for squeezing me in. The underperformance of snacks in the US just even broader than your biscuits business and what you're involved in, it seems like it's a pretty large underperformance of the US market versus other markets around the world and even in the US today versus past a choppy economic environment. So do you think there's anything else ailing the US snacking market today other than consumer confidence in the low income consumer? And I have a quick follow-up.
Dirk Van De Put: No, I don't necessarily think that. The reason being for, well, yes, the reason being that it's across all categories in snacking and there's many categories. There's ice cream, there is biscuits, there is packaged bakery, there's salted snacks, nuts and so on, you go on and on. There's chocolate, there's about 12, 13 categories in there, except for yogurt, they're all down. And I think that's largely driven by the overall consumer uncertainty about the future and the fact that they feel that then you really need to focus on the key things at this moment until we feel better about the future. I think we will see similar moves in less eating out-of-home, less entertainment, less travel. You can see the consumer not only in food, but across the Board, really being very, very frugal and very careful. As things improve, hopefully, I think we will see that change. Maybe the other thing I would say is that it is true that there is a bit more of a pronounced health and wellness approach. I would say the categories that are health and wellness within snacking, that could be things like yogurt or protein bars, for instance, or within the normal categories, gluten free or less sugar, things like that, those are doing better than the rest of the category. So that would be on top of consumer confidence, the only other trend that I see at the moment that is reflective of the snacking category.
David Palmer: Thanks. And I just want to ask you a follow-up on emerging markets. There was a bit of a slowdown in this quarter to 4%. I'm wondering how you're thinking about emerging markets broadly for the rest of the year, could we return to high-single-digit growth? And what markets would you highlight that are maybe getting your attention more than others? Thanks.
Dirk Van De Put: Yes. So I would say the -- if you look quickly where we are in our four main emerging markets, so China is up high-single-digit in Q1. India is down high-single-digit in Q1, because of a number of reasons, we expect a strong -- we had a strong prior year base. We did some pricing in chocolate. We have some elasticity impacts there and we do have a bit of a muted biscuit consumption where we play in the premium segment of the market, and the consumer is switching. We expect India in the remainder of the year to start to grow faster. We expect China, which I mentioned first to remain at high-single-digits for the rest of the year. In both countries, we have a large distribution runway, so we can complement what happens in the same-store sales with extra stores and that makes a difference for us. Brazil was mid-single-digit growth in Q1, we will be doing more pricing in chocolate. We are doing a number of new activities in our biscuit business and in our Candy & Gum business. So I'm expecting that Brazil will remain there, maybe accelerate a little bit. And then Mexico is gradually getting better. You have to keep in mind that we lap there a bit of difficulty with the integration of Ricolino last year. We were low-single-digit in Q1, but we see a good movement on Oreo, Ricolino and Philadelphia in Mexico. So I think there we will also see an acceleration. I wouldn't say that our total of emerging markets will get to double-digit, but certainly we will see an acceleration in the second half from where we are today.
David Palmer: Great. That's helpful. Thank you.
Dirk Van De Put: Okay. That concludes the call for today. Q1 down, so far so good, and we'll see you for Q2.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's program. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Mondelez International Fourth Quarter 2024 and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. As we discuss our results today, unless noted as reported, we'll be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures, which adjust for certain items included in our GAAP results. In addition, we provide year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis unless otherwise noted. You can find the comparable GAAP measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. Today, Dirk will provide a business strategy update, followed by a review of our financial results and outlook by Luca. We will close with Q&A. I'll now turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van De Put: Thank you, Shep, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. I will start on Slide 4. I'm pleased to share that 2024 was another strong year for Mondelez. We delivered balanced top line growth, strong earnings and robust free cash flow generation, while returning significant capital back to shareholders. Our top line grew mid-single digit, with balanced performance across both developed and emerging markets, and we delivered positive volume mix in the second half of the year with improved share performance. Despite continuing input cost inflation, we achieved gross profit dollar growth in the mid-single digits, driven by ongoing cost discipline and sound pricing. This allowed us to continue to increase our investments in brands, distribution and organizational capabilities. We also continued our track record of strong free cash flow, generating $3.5 billion, which includes our settlement with the EU Commission. We also continued to prioritize capital return, delivering $4.7 billion to shareholders through buybacks and dividends. And as we transition into 2025, we remain focused on executing with excellence against our long term growth strategy. We are confident that our chocolate playbook will enable us to successfully navigate unprecedented cocoa cost inflation, and we'll share additional color later in today's call. Perhaps most importantly, I remain convinced that team Mondelez represents the very best people in the consumer packaged goods business, and I'm proud of our team for staying focused and agile in a challenging operating environment. With the right strategy, the right brands, the right geographic footprint and the right people, I'm confident that we continue to be solidly positioned for attractive long term growth. Turning to Slide 5. You can see that 2024 was a strong year on both the top and bottom lines despite the impact of cocoa cost phasing in the fourth quarter. Luca will provide some additional perspectives on our cocoa cost strategy in a few minutes. We delivered organic net revenue growth of 4.3% and adjusted gross profit dollar growth of 5.1% for the year. Our volume mix results demonstrate that consumers continue to prioritize our brands and our categories. It is important to underscore that we continued reinvesting in our brands to drive faster growth. Our high-single digit investment increase in A&C continues to strengthen consumer and customer loyalty to our brands. Adjusted EPS grew 13% on top of strong growth in the past several years, and we delivered free cash flow of $3.5 billion. We remain confident that our commitment to executing with excellence while reinvesting in our strong brands, capabilities and talent will enable us to continue delivering attractive long term value for our stakeholders. On Slide 6, you can see that our continued confidence is grounded in evidence of consumers' enduring preference for snacking. All over the world, snacks remain an important part of people's lives, at home, at work or school, and on the go. We're proud that consumers continue to prioritize our strong brands even in challenging times. In North America, consumer confidence has improved slightly following the U.S. election, despite continuing concern about the economic outlook. While biscuit category volume remained relatively flat over the last three months, private label continues to decline, demonstrating that consumers remain loyal to their favorite brands and that our price pack architecture initiatives are showing promising signs. As a result, Oreo, Chips Ahoy! and Ritz, all are regaining share. Meanwhile, in Europe, consumer confidence and also price elasticities remained stable despite ongoing uncertainty in the economic and political environment. We continue to see solid category value growth in both biscuits and chocolate, and our brands are steadily gaining share following disruption during the first half of the year. Elasticities also remained stable in emerging markets, with solid consumer confidence in India, Brazil and Mexico amidst continued softness in China. Overall, we're seeing solid category growth in both volume and value across our combined emerging markets, and Mondelez share is improving in both biscuits and chocolate. Turning to Slide 7. We are continuing to make progress against our strategic growth agenda, reinvesting in our brands, expanding distribution, strengthening our capabilities and continuing to transform our portfolio. Here are just a few highlights of our strategy in action. Our iconic global brands, including Oreo and Cadbury Dairy Milk, executed award winning activations that resonated strongly with consumers, driving incremental lift. For example, Oreo's Space Dunk campaign and our innovative global collaboration with Coca Cola helped strengthen partnerships with key retailers around the world. Similarly, Cadbury's year-long celebration of its 200th anniversary delivered ground breaking creative and strong return on investment. Looking ahead, we are excited about the potential of our just announced Oreo partnership with Post Malone, which will hit U.S. store shelves later this week. Capturing the current cultural vibe, this limited edition features our first ever Twisted Cream. Along with these creative brand reinvestments, we continue to expand distribution around the world, which includes a special focus on accelerating digital channels. Our e-commerce business grew double-digits in 2024, and we continue investing in new capabilities to accelerate our leadership in digital snacking. In fact, our next tier markets grew approximately 35% in 2024, as a result of our continued investments. We are also making significant progress on growing our revenue growth management capabilities. We launched new fresh stacks (ph) during Q4 across our largest U.S. brands, including Oreo, Ritz and Chips Ahoy. These new offerings provide products our consumers love in smaller hold fresh packs at an attractive everyday price. And in chocolate, we are launching an array of pack sizes at several new price points around the world. Additionally, we continue to advance our portfolio reshaping strategy. In 2024, we purchased a majority stake in Evirth, the leader in China's fast growing frozen-to-chilled baked snacks category. We have worked with Evirth for several years to develop, manufacture, market and sell cakes and pastries, featuring some of our iconic brands, including Oreo and Philadelphia. Our expanded partnership enables us to further accelerate growth through continuous innovation, leveraging the combination of our high value brands with Evirth's advanced R&D and technical expertise. We also liquidated our investment in JDE Peet's, providing another important source of funding for reinvestment that can be used to buy our stock as well as further advancing our brands, talent and capabilities. On Slide 8, along with our financial performance and strategic growth priorities, I'm pleased to share that we made significant progress towards our sustainability objectives in 2024. First, we continued to advance our leadership in more sustainably sourcing critical ingredients. About 90% of the cocoa volume used in our chocolate brands now is sourced through Cocoa Life, our signature cocoa sourcing program, which works to lift up the people and restore landscapes where cocoa is grown. We also made continued progress in helping to combat climate change. We reduced carbon emissions across our manufacturing operations by about 38% versus our baseline in 2018. Additionally, we continued advancing our Light and Right packaging strategy. Approximately 96% of our packaging is recyclable. We also continue investing in ways to empower consumers to make more mindful snacking choices that fit into their healthy active lifestyles. Approximately 80% of our snacks revenue comes from mindful portion snacks, that is snacks that are packaged in individually wrapped mindful portion serving sizes or with clear mindful portion recommendations on the pack. These are just a few preliminary highlights of our continuing progress towards building a more sustainable snacking company. We continue to believe that helping to drive positive change at scale is an integral part of value creation, with positive returns for our stakeholders. We encourage you to watch our Annual Snacking Made Right report, which will be published in April to view our full year sustainability data. Turning to Slide 9. I'd like to reinforce our conviction that Mondelez remains well positioned to navigate through a very dynamic operating environment. Like many other companies, we are closely tracking and planning around several near term themes, including variations in consumer confidence, foreign exchange volatility, potential changes in trade policy and pricing negotiations, all against the backdrop of record cocoa prices. By focusing on our strengths and controlling our controllables, we are confident that we have the right strategy, the right execution and the right people to effectively navigate these headwinds. Our teams have undertaken extensive planning since last spring for the challenges created by record cocoa input costs. We have a clear and sound strategy to navigate these conditions, which Luca will describe in more detail in a few minutes. At the same time, our categories remain resilient and consumers continue to prioritize our iconic snacking brands. We remain committed to reinvesting in our brands and capabilities to continue accelerating this momentum. We also continue to focus on expanding distribution opportunities in both developed and emerging markets. And our disciplined approach to capital allocation gives us confidence that we will continue to generate strong free cash flow. In conclusion, I'm pleased to reiterate that 2024 was another strong year and that we are well positioned to continue driving attractive growth. While the road ahead will not be without challenges, our team is at its best when we are united and clear about what we need to do. By continuing to double down our attractive core categories of chocolate, biscuits and baked snacks, investing in our widely loved brands, focusing on operational execution and cost discipline, and empowering our great people, I am confident that we can deliver strong performance for years to come. With that, I'll turn it over to Luca to share additional insights on our financials.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk, and good afternoon. In 2024, we delivered strong results from top to bottom. We posted balanced growth across developed and emerging markets. We grew gross profit dollars by mid-single digits, adjusted EPS growth was double-digit and free cash flow was once again quite good. This was a continuation of our virtuous cycle, which enables us to maintain strong growth, important reinvestments and strong return of capital back to shareholders. Revenue growth was 4.3% in the year, with volume mix down 1 point. For the quarter, growth was more than 5%, with a slight increase in volume mix. Emerging markets grew by 6.2% for the year and 6.7% for the quarter, with trends coming from a substantial number of key countries, including China, Brazil, South Africa, the Western Andean, and Central and Eastern Europe. Developed markets grew 3.2% for the year and 4.3% for the quarter, including strong growth from Europe and solid results from the U.S. Moving to portfolio performance on Slide 12. Our chocolate and biscuit businesses both delivered good growth for the year. Also, gum and candy continued to perform well. Biscuits grew 1.7% for the year and 2.1% for the quarter. Several brands delivered attractive growth for 2024, including Oreo, Ritz, belVita, Tate's, 7DAYS, Club Social and Perfect Snacks. Chocolate grew 7.4% for the year and 8.9% for the quarter, with significant growth across both developed and emerging markets. Volume mix declined 2% for the year and 2.3% in the quarter. Our two flagship global brands, Cadbury Dairy Milk and Milka, delivered outstanding growth, while we also delivered strong growth with our local jewels portfolio, including Lacta, Cote D'Or, Freia and Marabou. Gum and candy grew more than 7% for the year and nearly 9% for the quarter. Key markets, including China, Brazil and Western Andean, all performed well. Let's review market share performance on Slide 13. We held or gained share in 50% of our revenue base, with strong results in both chocolate and biscuits. Although there is more work to do, we made strong progress in the back half of the year, including the last three months as approximately 17% of revenue had or gained share due to improvements in North America biscuits. Strong brand reinvestment, revenue growth management initiatives and solid execution helped drive recent improvements. Moving to regional performance on Slide 14. Europe grew 5.7% for the year and 7.4% for the quarter. Strong execution, including pricing, led to attractive growth despite significant customer disruption in half one. OI dollars in '24 were up 8.8% for the year and down more than 40% in Q4. The sharp decline in European Q4 profit was driven by the dramatic ramp in our cocoa cost pipeline without the benefit of additional pricing and cost measures that are expected in 2025. North America grew 1.5% for the full year, while Q4 grew 0.4%. Full year growth was driven by solid performance across a number of brands and growth channels. In Q4, volume mix grew 1.3 percentage points, driven by growth in our new fresh stacks price packs as well as trends from Tate's and Perfect Snacks. Overall, we saw a good start with the rollout of the new price packs in Oreo, Chips Ahoy! and Ritz. We entered '25 encouraged by our new price packs, expectations for category growth and initiatives around growth channel, trade programs and new distribution growth. North America OI increased 0.4% for the year. For the quarter, OI decreased 11.5%. This decline was a result of higher trade spend, some cost pressure, particularly as we ramp up production of the newly launched price point SKU and a settlement of a legal case. AMEA grew 6.2% for the year and 8.6% for the quarter, with solid volume mix growth to finish the year. China grew high-single digits for the year and quarter. Australia posted strong growth for both the year and quarter, as well as Southeast Asia returned to growth in Q4. India delivered low-single digit growth for the year and quarter, as strength in chocolate was offset by soft biscuit results. We are encouraged by work being done in India and in the biscuits business specifically around smaller packs and lower price points as we head into 2025. AMEA increased OI dollars by 13.4% for the year, while OI declined 28% in Q4, resulting from unfavorable cocoa phasing. Latin America grew 4.6% for the year and 4.9% for the quarter behind solid performance from Brazil and the Western Andean group of countries. Latin America delivered another strong year of profitability. OI grew 10.7% for the year, while declining 5.7% for Q4. Profitability was lower in the quarter, driven by cocoa. Turning to Page 15. For the year, we delivered strong high-single digit OI dollar growth. This growth enables significant level of reinvestments in our brands and capabilities for '25 and beyond. In Q4, we saw a notable decline in OI dollars growth. This decline was primarily a result of unfavorable cocoa pipeline that we noted in our Q3 call. These cost headwinds came without additional offsets in pricing or overheads reduction, which we expect to initiate in 2025. Next to EPS on Slide 16. Full year EPS grew 13% in constant currency. The significant majority of this growth was driven by operating gains. And despite currency headwinds, we grew adjusted EPS at reported ForEx by more than 9%. Q4 EPS growth declined due to previously mentioned spike in the cocoa cost pipeline. Turning to Slide 17. We delivered $3.5 billion of free cash flow for the full year, including the settlement of the EU Commission matter of nearly $400 million. We returned $4.7 billion in cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase, with nearly half of our share repurchase coming in Q4. Consistent with our capital allocation priorities, we announced a new $9 billion share repurchase authorization in December, which runs from '25 through '27. We continue to be opportunistic buyers of our stock at depressed levels, given our view of the intrinsic value. Before we get into the details of our outlook, let me provide additional thoughts on cocoa. The market continues to show signs of volatility and has reverted to elevated levels during much of the past three months. Despite a good main crop, several factors have contributed to this situation, including concerns about the mid-crop in the Ivory Coast, ongoing low liquidity and low industry coverage. This backdrop has created more pressure on our P&L for '25 as it relates to the portion that was still unhedged or protected through flexible structures at the time we spoke to you back in the Q3 call. Although, we cannot predict specific timing, we continue to believe that the inverted nature of the market, combined with lower demand levels due to higher pricing and elasticity, will eventually bring cocoa to a more sustainable price level. As Dirk mentioned, we have been planning our '25 business for some time now in advance on -- of elevated levels of cocoa, and we have developed a clear and comprehensive chocolate strategy. This includes leveraging a robust RGM playbook, strong marketing and sales execution, remaining agile with the right incentives and targeted cost savings. A few words on 2025 and key planning assumptions on Slide 20. For the current year, we expect to deliver on our long term algorithm for revenue. We currently expect top line to be approximately 5%. We have planned for higher levels of elasticity in chocolate, but we need to remain agile and assess the situation as new prices get implemented. We expect an adjusted EPS decline this year, given the unprecedented levels of cocoa cost in our chocolate canal. This decline is expected to be approximately 10% versus the base of $3.36 in 2024, that excludes JDE Peet's from the equity income. This outlook does not include the impact of the potentially significant new executive orders imposing 25% tariffs on U.S. imports from Mexico and Canada. This would create an additional headwind to the business, but given the fluid and rapidly changing nature of timing, it is difficult to provide a reliable estimate of impact for the full year at this time. Overall, we believe this outlook is a prudent planning stance based on our visibility to cocoa costs in 2025, which is substantially protected and hedged at this point. This assumption is based on the principles I just discussed. Based on our view of earnings, we are planning for free cash flow of $3 billion plus. In terms of other key assumptions, for inflation, we expect a double-digit increase for 2025 versus 2024, driven almost entirely by cocoa as well as some labor costs. In terms of interest expense, we expect approximately $350 million. We expect an adjusted effective tax rate in the mid-20s. Note that our cash tax rate is expected to run approximately 2 points lower than this rate. And for share repurchase, we are expecting at least $3 billion, with the flexibility to go higher depending on stock price. We are expecting approximately $0.12 of EPS headwind related to ForEx for the year. Before opening up for Q&A, a few comments on 2026. In 2025, we are trying to strike the right balance by running a reasonable P&L, while taking a responsible and thoughtful approach to maintaining the health of the chocolate category. In that context, we continue to scrutinize every dollar we spend, including A&C, where we'll continue to prioritize brand investments and properly support brands as long as we believe the return is sufficient. We do expect EPS growth in 2026 based on cocoa levels staying elevated, but stable. Cocoa futures might come down, but we're not there yet. So, we will continue to plan various scenarios, with the base case for a continuation of elevated levels. If cocoa stays high, we would expect to gradually price more. If cocoa starts to come down, then we would expect earnings delivery to be higher. Regardless, we expect EPS growth in 2026. With that, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Appreciate it. Dirk, maybe to start, given where cocoa has gone in the past few months, maybe you can talk about how that, if at all, sort of, changes your approach and chocolate strategy, and with that, the state of the European business, given that's your largest chocolate market, and it seems like even more price will likely be necessary even into '26?
Dirk Van De Put: Yes. Well, hello, Andrew, and thanks for the question. Well, as it relates to cocoa and chocolate, the first thing I would say is that, in our eyes, chocolate remains a great snacking category, which so far has been remarkably durable. It's been quite robust in '24 already with some significant pricing, but still healthy volumes. That's driven by the fact that there is iconic brands, iconic brands that we have and others have, that are taste of the nation, high brand loyalty, there's very little private label. Consumers quote, chocolate as one of their indulgences that they cannot live without. So, we continue to feel that this is a great snacking category. Our view is that despite the short-term volatility that our approach needs to be to protect the category health, to protect our share in the category and to protect our brand investments. We are seeing some structural change to the cocoa pricing in the cocoa market, but we don't think that will continue to the current magnitude. For sure, cocoa prices will remain high than they've been in the past, but they will come down eventually from the current high to our opinion. The other thing I would say is that, from our view, we need to protect key price points and thresholds, so that consumers can continue to enjoy their chocolate. So, that means, in emerging markets, we continue to hold the price points of our low unit pricing. And in the developed markets, we try to make sure that we have the right entry level. We accompany that in '25 with very strong revenue growth management plans and PPA plans to make sure that the consumers can have consumption at all different price points. We are going to continue to invest in the category. We are optimizing that investment, but we will continue to support our brands strongly. Of course, we will do some additional cost measures to protect the bottom line. So, as I said, we're trying to optimize our A&C investment. We're looking at zero overhead or negative overhead growth, and we have the highest supply chain productivity program in the history of the company for 2025. And we will continue to hedge our chocolate. We don't see a reason to change our strategy there. So, for '25, we have a very strong agenda. We have an enormous revenue growth management program. We have changed the price pack architecture on more than $5 billion of our net revenue. We have to do significant line pricing, which we are implementing as we speak. If cocoa prices remain elevated where they are today, that might require more pricing in the second half of this year and in '26. But as I said, we think eventually, cocoa prices will start to come down. There already has been some significant pricing around the world in chocolate. And I'm happy to report that the elasticities have held up well. So, we're looking at a 0.4 elasticity. And so far, what we've seen even in the places where we've had 10%, 15% price increase, that holds. We are also, of course, looking at optimizing our promotions. We're doing active portfolio management. Elasticities, we have estimated around 0.4, I was mentioning. We will need to remain agile and adapt to the circumstances. But overall, we do believe that we have the right strategy. We have very strong activations and innovations also planned. We are launching new flavors, new experiences. We have the biggest seasonal agenda in chocolate. We are starting and launching products in our Biscoff partnership. So, that also we think will drive consumer interest. We are monitoring consumers very closely and that gives us reason for optimism. So far, we don't see any major shifts. And if you then look at the P&L of chocolate for '25, our main objective is to protect the category, protect our share. And we think we can do that with a reasonable P&L, and I'm sure that Luca will talk a little bit more about that, which includes significant investments and robust activations. And we are not taking any short cuts for short term gains. So, that's a little bit the way we look at chocolate. If I translate that to Europe, at this stage, consumer confidence in Europe is pretty stable. It's subdued, but it's stable. The purchasing power is soft. There is ongoing economic and political uncertainty, of course. But overall, we feel that the consumer is in a good place, probably in a better place as the consumer is in the U.S. The category consumption in chocolate is pretty good. We have very solid value growth. We have good volume growth. We're seeing a little bit of deceleration in the last three months, but that's because pricing is starting to come. And as I said, the elasticities are as expected. For instance, in the U.K., we're looking at a 0.37 elasticity so far and we've already increased prices by about 15%. So, I think after we had client disruption in the beginning of the year, we saw a very good business continuation in Europe. We had broad based growth across the region. Chocolate was growing 8% in value over the last three months for us. We had the highest Christmas net revenue in chocolate, a double-digit growth. We're seeing very nice growth across channels from discounters to world travel retail, and we had a great share performance. So, everything so far in Europe is good. And as you can see from the numbers, so the quarter and the year looks pretty good, except, of course, for the cocoa effect, but that over time will start to go down as our pricing takes hold. So, for '25, we have this big RGM agenda. We have the activations of promotions. We do assume in our estimates at the moment client disruption. The chocolate P&L will gradually improve as pricing takes hold, and we still have some significant pricing and PPA to do, but we do believe that we have the right estimates in our forecast. So, pretty optimistic about the chocolate category and we do feel that our European business is well prepared to deal with this.
Andrew Lazar: That's awesome. Thanks so much for that very fulsome answer. And then, Luca, just quickly, can you walk us through some of the puts and takes for the '25 outlook in terms of, like, phasing around EPS and margins? And although early, just how do we think about the key considerations for '26 that you kind of got into briefly in the prepared remarks? Thanks so much.
Luca Zaramella: Yeah. Thank you, Andrew. As far as the 2025 guidance goes, I think we have to start by saying that we feel good about how we ended the year in terms of revenue and growth momentum. As we just said, we feel quite good with the benign elasticities in chocolate. Total growth of the categories where we compete was good. And importantly, I think we were happy to see share momentum picking up. So, this is good news given that 70% of the business is non-chocolate, and we expect a normal year in terms of biscuit, bakeries and other categories. Chocolate profitability is clearly the main concern of the plan. And as I said, in the prepared remarks, the chocolate spikes in the last few months have given us a little bit of a headwind compared to what we told you and we anticipated back in October. So, we have beefed up the plan in terms of pricing actions and RGM. And as we just said, we need to continue to strike a good balance, especially in emerging markets between price and volume. To offset some of the profit pressure, we have unprecedented cost measures, I would say, particularly in the productivity area of our manufacturing network, but we also have reduced overheads and the non-working media spending. So, our goal is to deliver a plan that is executing well in all non-chocolate category. And for chocolate, I think, the key will be to minimize the volume implications, together with ensuring that we exit 2025 with a reasonable profit per kilo as a key measure for us to monitor. The profit gating throughout 2025 will be more pressured in Q1, given the fact that we are in the midst of negotiations with customer and we haven't implemented the price yet, but we feel quite good at this point given the progress we have made. And I think you will start seeing profit improvement in terms of sequential improvement versus Q1 and Q4 as we progress throughout the year. And again, the clear goal for us is to end 2025 in a place where we are well positioned to deliver EPS growth in 2026. Clearly, it is quite premature to talk about 2026, but we wanted you to hear very clearly that our goal is to grow EPS for 2026. At this point in time, we see a bifurcation of scenarios into 2026. I believe the most likely scenario is that cocoa prices will come down, in which case, we will have higher earnings upside potential. But if cocoa stays elevated, we will have to take a little bit more pricing. And our approach over the last few years and in '24 as well is to take multiple pricing actions and to allow consumers to get accustomed to higher levels of pricing. And so, we believe that in either case, whether cocoa comes down or stays high, we have a path to delivering EPS growth into 2026.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: We'll move next to Ken Goldman with J.P. Morgan.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi. Thank you, Dirk. In North America, both price and volume mix came in below the Street in the fourth quarter. I'm curious, can you maybe expand on how you view the general health of the biscuit category here in the U.S., and also your expectations roughly for both volume and price in 2025 in North America in light of how you think about that category and your share within?
Dirk Van De Put: Yes. Hi, Ken. Well, the consumer in U.S. is still quite concerned, the economy, the political situation and, of course, inflation. And as we've talked in the past, the value definition has clearly changed in most categories, I would say, but also in the biscuit category. Basically, higher income consumers are trying to buy bigger packs, while lower income consumers are focused on lower unit prices. And also, the channel shopping behavior has significantly changed. I would say at this stage, the U.S. biscuit category is softer. The elasticities are increasing to a certain degree. The category growth in the last three months was 0.6%. We did improve our shares during that period, but overall, I would call that soft. The good news is that the penetration and the volume per trip is holding up. There's a number of reasons for that. First of all, prices have stopped rising. In fact, prices have probably come down, and that's part of what you see in Q4, because we launched a number of packs at lower price points, and the promo intensity is also increasing. I would say, within the category, cookies are performing in line with broiler (ph) snacking, while crackers are softer. Q4, while maybe below the market estimates, was, to our opinion, solid quarter. We had a net revenue growth of 0.4%, volume mix was 1.3%. OI was lower, but the reasons for that was first of all, we were lapping a lower trade spend last year and we were also lapping some SG&A one-timers, but the good news for us was that we grew biscuit share with more than 30 basis points in Q4. We did a number of innovations, as I mentioned, fresh tax and launched, for instance, the Chips Ahoy! Chewy Cookie and we had very good channel results also. The one that was a bit of a decliner was give and go, that had to see with the fact that our kids business declined to pre-COVID levels. If I look at '25 for the category, I would say -- sorry, the pricing possibilities are limited, will have a little bit. We will continue to do PPA for lower price points. We will have some very strong activations. You'll see the first one with Post Malone on Oreo as is currently going on. I do think that we will have a good volume growth next year because of those lower price points and the fact that we have under developed channels, plus we can drive more penetration of some of our brands. So, I think we will combine a good volume growth with lower pricing. So, maybe our percentage gross profit will come down, but we do think that the dollars that we will generate will be quite strong. So, I'm expecting a solid P&L in North America in '25.
Kenneth Goldman: That's helpful. And then, quickly, Luca, just on cocoa, I think you and Dirk have been using the word eventually more than usual today. It may be fair, maybe not, but it seems like you're incrementally less confident today that cocoa is bound to fall in the near-term. So, I'm curious, has anything structurally changed in your view of supply and demand or is this just a situation where you have to sort of at least partially just kind of accept the current reality, whether it's justified or not?
Luca Zaramella: Look, I think it is tougher for us, quite frankly, to make sense of the current elevated prices. Yes, it is through the mid-crop, which, I remind you, account for 30% of the total year production of cocoa is subdued and there was a little bit of a drier weather than was anticipated. The reality is, as of today, the port arrivals are up almost 25%. And I believe even in the worst case scenario of the mid-crop being sub-par, we foresee most likely a supply increase compared to last year, that is around about 10%. The latest grinding numbers have been quite good. And so, demand doesn't factor yet, major changes, but we start seeing signs, particularly in parts of the world like North America, where cocoa consumption is coming down. And so, that should provide, I believe, on a longer term perspective, a little bit of a relief in terms of also demand. I think the market is very thin. If you look at the industry, it is covered very shortly. If you look at volume that gets traded daily, it is very, very small. And obviously, in this environment, we see particularly speculators to drive cost prices that are elevated. So, look, I think I was really hoping that by now, with the main crop behind us and the good numbers, cocoa will be more benign, but it isn't. And so, we have assumed a cocoa price that stays elevated for '25. And in our plans, it is elevated for 2026 as well in the sense that we prefer planning that way, rather than assuming and having an assumption that drives EPS growth simply because of cocoa coming down. We are committing to you that EPS in 2026 will grow either way and we want to be ready for the worst. But quite frankly, given that I believe there will be a surplus between supply and demand in 2025, I believe eventually cocoa will have to come down.
Kenneth Goldman: Thank you very much.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: We'll move next to David Palmer with Evercore ISI.
David Palmer: Yeah. Thanks. Just a theoretical follow-up on that. You mentioned that you believe that cocoa prices would return to a more sustainable price level. And I'm wondering whatever that level is, it might not be the $3,000 where we were not that long ago and it might not be the $10,000 we're at now. But let's say, $5,000, $6,000, whatever it is, and we get to that place in the next one or two years, is it your belief that you will have the ability and that you will ultimately get to a point where you're pricing away the dollar input inflation and that essentially over a multi-year period, your algorithm will normalize? Is that still your belief?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. I think what you have to assume is that just picking the numbers that you have quoted, $3,000 and I don't know if you are talking about dollars or GBP, but call it GBP. We will be priced at the level that is higher than that. And so, I think the question becomes that, that level of cocoa, how quickly are we going to adjust, if any adjustment is made, prices down. And I think as much as the restriction going up and as much as we are never priced throughout, I would say, the next couple of quarters at the right level of cocoa, it is fine to assume that as cocoa starts coming down, our price too will be better than the $3,000 you quoted. And so, in that context, our profitability will be quite good and would allow us to have a P&L that makes more than sense. And so, I think if cocoa comes down, earnings power is there. If cocoa stays high, which again we don't control, we will have to price a little bit more in 2026. And as I said, in a previous question, this approach of multiple pricing waves is the best in terms of getting consumers accustomed to new price levels and minimizing elasticity and volume losses.
David Palmer: And then -- thank you for that. And then, just as you're sort of reviewing cocoa prices and the -- I would imagine that the visibility on the pass crop is behind us. I'm wondering what are you going to be watching and when will you make up your mind about the need for additional pricing? Like, what sort of time frames are you kind of under -- are we under review here? Is this something that you're going to make a decision to pivot by the time we get to the second half of this year? How will that work?
Luca Zaramella: Yeah. So, I think for '25, we are pretty much done in terms of coverage. And now what we have assumed at this point is that we will have to take multiple price waves and there are situations where we have two other situations where we're going to take three price increases. As Dirk said, we have an unprecedented amount of RGM, which has come to fruition throughout the year. And so, we are planning, for the current levels of cocoa, a series of actions that we will take throughout 2025. Now, if we realize that the main crop numbers with which we're going to start getting a sense towards September, October, if we realize that demand of cocoa in general is coming down and the number of -- will be coming out throughout the year, but the first half will give us an indication of how much global demand is subdued and in -- and we will try to understand the price implication on cocoa. We will decide as we go what is best to do for the second part of the year in light of a plausible cocoa level for 2026. And so, quite frankly, we have to remain quite open to understanding what cocoa is going to do in 2026. And as a consequence, we will act accordingly, particularly in the second part of the year. The first pricing waves according to the level of cocoa that we have today had been taken between October and December in few cases. We are under European negotiations literally as we speak. There might be other pricing waves that we'll take in the second part of the year depending on our view on 2026 cocoa levels.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll move next to Tom Palmer with Citi.
Thomas Palmer: Hi. Thanks for the question. I wanted to ask a little more on the expected cadence of both earnings and COGS inflation. And specifically on COGS inflation, it looks like 4Q24, we saw a bigger step-up. Will we then, I guess, thinking through 1Q to 3Q see a more normal rate and then inflation starts to ease based on current futures? And then, just given kind of the outsized earnings pressure in 1Q, might you then the main offset be 4Q? I just want to make sure we're kind of thinking through those moving pieces between cost and pricing over the course of the year.
Luca Zaramella: Yeah. So, the pressure that you saw on profitability in Q4, it is the fact that cocoa was fairly high into our P&L in Q4. Your assumption should be that, that level of cocoa keeps until for the full 2025 at this level -- at this point in time, that's our assumption. So, I think you should assume that, that level of cocoa is equally spread throughout the remaining quarters of 2025. Now, the differential in terms of gating for profitability of 2025 is that we will have more pricing coming into the P&L. So, the elevated inflation is going to keep on hitting Q1, Q2, Q3. Obviously, Q4 will be different, because there is already elevated level of cocoa in the baseline. The difference is you're going to see sequential price improvement throughout the year, particularly as of Q2, Q3 and Q4, and that will provide benefits to the profitability of the company.
Thomas Palmer: All right. Thanks for that. And just on the elasticity, you mentioned so far, that elasticity was 0.4. Just any color on what's embedded in guidance at this point? Thanks.
Luca Zaramella: That is the guidance number. We have seen elasticities that are a little bit lower than that. We monitor elasticities very closely. I can tell you that in Q3 and Q4, the elasticities for chocolate that we saw was a little bit lower. The current planning assumption for 2025 is that elasticity on average is 0.4, 0.5 times. And that number is higher than what we have seen in 2024.
Thomas Palmer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll move next to Max Gumport with BNP Paribas.
Max Gumport: Hey. Thanks for the question. You mentioned a number of times in this call that you have one of the highest supply chain productivity programs in your history coming up in '25. I was hoping you could just put a bit of a finer point on just how big that program might be? Thanks very much.
Dirk Van De Put: Yeah. The typical targets that we have is about a 4% gross productivity on our supply chain. And then, depending on inflation rates and some other investments we might do, we try to translate that into a net productivity. In the past three, four years, it has been very difficult to reach that 4%, but we are planning to reach that in '25. So, that gives you an idea.
Max Gumport: Great. Thanks very much. And then, turning back to North America and what you're seeing within your biscuit and cracker categories, and I understand your share performance is improving. Consumers still feeling some financial pressure in the U.S. I didn't hear you speak much to whether or not you think there is a shift away from snacking that's going on due to a consumer that's more focused on health and wellness or a consumer that's more and more likely to be on a GLP-1 drug. So, just curious on your view on the broader snacking category in the U.S. and whether or not there is some headwind to you to consider because of the shift to health and wellness? Thanks very much.
Dirk Van De Put: Yes. Thank you. I would say, to our view at the moment, no, we do not necessarily see snacking diminishing because there is a shift to health and wellness, or there is a decreased consumption in snacking because of GLP-1s. We've monitored that very carefully, and so far, there is really no effect that we can tell. Within snacking, there might be a shift to more healthier products, but that has been going on for years. And I wouldn't say that in recent years, there has been a shift there. In fact, since COVID, the indulgent part in snacking is growing just as fast as the healthy part. So, that was different before COVID. So, if anything, the indulgent part remains as it was before.
Max Gumport: Thanks very much.
Operator: We'll now move to our final question from Peter Galbo with Bank of America.
Peter Galbo: Hi. Good afternoon, Dirk and Luca. Thanks for the question. I'll keep it relatively short or to one question, but maybe with two parts. So, Luca, if I could just kind of hone in on the earnings per share, the actual guidance, roughly $2.90 for 2025. And with the clean numbers without JDE, you were $3.08 in '23 and $3.36 in '24. I guess the question, A, is 2023 probably the right high watermark to use from an earnings per share perspective just given this past year, you had some cost favorability at least through the first nine months relative to price relative to cocoa. And so, as we're thinking about growing off that $2.90 base over whatever timeframe, right, '23 is maybe a better high watermark. And then, the second part of that is just, like, what is the path back to that? Do you -- can you get to that high watermark with cocoa where it is currently? Does that need to come down, obviously to hit the number? I'm not looking to put a timeframe around it, but just if you can kind of unpack what the path back to that is would be helpful. Thanks very much.
Luca Zaramella: So, just to be clear, it is not that cocoa in '24 is lower than 2023. It is that cocoa was higher and we priced somewhat to replacement cost in the first part of the year, and we have been taking advantage of the favorable pipeline compared to market, not compared to 2023. So, arguably the base EPS might be what you saw in the first three quarters of the year, provided that cocoa comes down to the levels of the first three years and that we hold on to the pricing that we have implemented. So, if you're trying to understand by when we can be back on track with the reasonable level of EPS, I think the question really becomes at what level of pricing are we going to be priced, particularly in 2026, and what level of cocoa are we going to have into the base P&L of 2026. What I wanted to say, particularly in the previous answers and in the prepared remarks is that, either way, we are committing to an EPS growth in 2026. If cocoa comes down in 2027 or in 2026, the earning upside potential that we have will put us back to levels that most likely you saw in the first few quarters of 2024. Again, I don't know if cocoa will come down at all, and that's where our commitment to you is that EPS will grow in 2026 and that's where we are telling you that regardless of the level of cocoa, there are two options here. Either we price more and we will get there, or if cocoa retrenches and comes down, the earnings power is within our P&L.
Peter Galbo: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: I will now turn the conference back to Mr. Dirk Van De Put for any additional or closing remarks.
Dirk Van De Put: Yes. Well, thank you very much. Thank you for attending this call. Looking forward to update you at the end of the first quarter when I assume that we will have a much clearer look already at how cocoa is evolving and how the pricing is landing in the markets. And until then, obviously, we are always available to answer any of your questions. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Mondelez International Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelez Management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. As we discuss our results today, unless noted as reported, we'll be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures, which adjust for certain items included in our GAAP results. In addition, we provide year-over-year growth on a constant-currency basis, unless otherwise noted. You can find the comparable GAAP measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. Today, Dirk will provide a business strategy update followed by a review of our financial results and outlook by Luca. We will close with Q&A. I'll now turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Thanks, Shep, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. I will start on Slide 4. I'm pleased to share that we delivered strong top line growth with positive volume mix. Developed markets grew mid-single-digits, led by solid progress in North America biscuits as well as recovery in Europe following successful implementation of our annual pricing. Emerging markets also grew mid-single-digits, despite continued boycotts of Western brands in certain markets. Strong profit dollar growth enabled us to continue our track record of robust free cash flow generating $2.5 billion year-to-date. We expanded our presence in the fast growing cakes and pastries category by acquiring a majority stake in Evirth, a leading player in cakes and pastries in China. And I'll provide some additional color on this exciting partnership in a few minutes. We remain diligent in driving progress against our long-term growth strategy, focused on our core categories of chocolate, biscuits and baked snacks. These core categories continue to show strong consumption, and on top, consumers remain very favorable to our iconic portfolio, as such generating significant headroom opportunities. These strong fundamentals, combined with our advantaged geographic footprint, keep on giving us confidence that we are well positioned to compound long-term sustainable growth. Turning to Slide 5, you can see that organic net revenue grew 5.4% this quarter, with adjusted gross profit dollar growth of 11.2%, enabling us to continue investing in the business. A&C spending is up mid-single-digits, helping to drive continuing consumer and customer loyalty to both our iconic global brands and our local jewels. And adjusted EPS grew 28.6% this quarter, and we have generated $2.5 billion in free cash flow through the first nine months of the year. On Slide 6, we are pleased to see that developed markets are beginning to recover with solid revenue growth and an increasing healthy volume mix in the third quarter. Unlike many of our peers, we are seeing continued consumer uptake of our core snacking categories. In North America, we are seeing volume growth start to rebound as inflation cools and we continue to expand distribution in areas like club. Similarly, in Europe, revenue grew 8.1% in the third quarter, following significant disruption earlier in the year, as our annual pricing took hold. Unlike many of our peers, both volume mix and net revenue are beginning to turn the corner. Consumers are continuing to embrace chocolate and biscuits as everyday indulgences, And our revenue growth management strategies enable us to meet every consumer's needs, with a broad array of product formats, pack sizes and price points to meet their definition of value. Turning to Slide 7, you can see a bit more context on how and why our snacking categories remain durable. In North America, consumer confidence remains stable, despite continuing concern with overall grocery prices. Biscuit category volume is improving to flat to slightly up over the last three months. In the United States, private label volume share is declining, demonstrating that consumers remain loyal to their favorite brands and that our price pack architecture is working. As a result, our two largest US brands, Oreo and Ritz, are gaining share year-to-date. Meanwhile, in Europe, elasticities are moving slightly higher, but remain modest. We continue to see solid category value growth in both biscuits and chocolate, with private label share declining over the past three months. Some consumers are shifting to smaller packs of chocolate for everyday snacking, and again, our RGM and price pack architecture enable us to offer an appropriate range of choices. As we head into the year-end festive season, seasonals are also looking solid. In emerging markets, modest elasticities continue. Consumer confidence is stable in India, Brazil and Mexico. While the overall China economy remains challenged, we're seeing optimism beginning to return as stimulus policies take effect. Overall, our combined emerging markets value and volume share is improving in both biscuits and chocolates. Turning to Slide 8, it's important to reinforce that while the external environment remains volatile, we remain focused on accelerating our long term growth strategy. We're continuing to reinvest in our brands, expand distribution, drive M&A and scale sustainable snacking. We remain on track to deliver 90% of revenue through our core categories of chocolate, biscuit and baked snacks by 2030. And our teams continue to deliver strong progress against our strategic agenda. For example, our Oreo brand launched in August an innovative collaboration with Coca-Cola, our largest global brand activation to date. These two iconic brands joined forces in a 360 degree marketing campaign, encompassing digital, social, celebrity and in-person activation to unite our strong fan bases and build buzz around two high profile limited editions, a Coke flavored Oreo cookie and an Oreo flavored Zero Sugar Coke. These types of investments not only enable us to stay top of mind for consumers, but also to strengthen partnerships with key retailers. Along with these marketing activations, we are continuing to strengthen store availability, visibility and execution around the world. For example, in Brazil, the convenience channel is growing high single-digit on a year-to-date basis, with plans to further grow coverage in this channel with additional stores. We are also continuing to harness the power of acquisition to capture synergies and drive growth. For example, in China, our acquisition of Evirth step changes our growth in the cakes and pastries category. I'll provide additional color in just a minute. Importantly, we remain committed to driving progress towards a more sustainable snacking business through our continued focus on our environmental and social sustainability agenda. For example, we recently introduced new recyclable paper packaging for our legendary LU biscuit brand in France, Belgium and the United Kingdom. Now let's dig a little deeper into the cakes and pastries category and our recent announcement in China. As you can see on Slide 9, the global packaged cakes and pastries category is valued at about $95 billion. Mondelez currently holds the number three global share position. And because this category is highly fragmented around the world, we see significant opportunities for bolt-on M&A as well as organic growth. We already have delivered strong growth in this category through our 2020 acquisition of Give & Go, the leading manufacturer of frozen to fresh brownies, cookies, cupcakes and related bakery products in North America. And our 2022 acquisition of Chipita, a leader in croissants, baked rolls and related snacks, anchored in Central and Eastern Europe. In China, as you can see on the right hand side of the slide, the packaged cakes and pastries category is valued at about $14 billion. Within that category, the frozen-to-chilled segment is growing double digits, currently estimated at $1.5 billion. Chinese consumers increasingly seek fresh premium options with innovative and sophisticated taste profiles to meet a growing range of snacking occasions. On Slide 10, you can see that's why we are excited about the expansion of our existing partnership with Evirth, the Chinese leader in the fast growing frozen-to-chilled baked snacks category. We have worked with Evirth for several years to develop, manufacture, market and sell cakes Several years to develop, manufacture, market and sell cakes and pastries, featuring some of our iconic brands, including Oreo and Philadelphia. Our recent purchase of a majority stake will enable us to further accelerate growth through continuous innovation, leveraging the combination of our high value brand with Evirths advanced R&D and technical expertise. Chinese consumers increasingly are seeking fresh premium products, with demand growing especially fast among younger generations in mid-tier cities. Evirth has a strong presence among key customers, including club stores, and our expanded partnership will enable us to scale distribution broader and faster. Before I turn the microphone over to Luca, I'd like to share some preliminary perspective on our approach to 2025, in light of the widely known cocoa cost headwind. Chocolate remains a great category and continues to generate significant consumer interest. Consumers count on our iconic brands, including Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka, Toblerone, Cote D'or, Marabou, Freia, Lacta to celebrate special occasions, to share with family and friends and to unwind with the moment of mindful indulgence. As we will continue to invest in our brands, we remain confident that consumer loyalty will not only endure, but continue to grow, even as we execute the necessary short-term pricing steps. Our primary focus is to continue to build the health and the growth of the chocolate category as a whole and our brands in particular. While we remain relentlessly obsessed with consumer value, we do anticipate some upticks in elasticity in certain markets, and we might need to adapt to more aggressive RGM and promotions. And while the temporary cost increase of Cocoa will put pressure on our margins, we will continue to invest in tools that strengthen brand loyalty and accelerate growth, such as visi coolers to improve visibility and accessibility, as well as continued strong investments in working media. We expect the majority of our portfolio to grow both top and bottom line, consistent with our algorithm, and we believe we are taking the right steps to position the chocolate business for attractive and long-term sustainable growth. We remain confident that we are well equipped to appropriately manage input cost headwinds and to emerge stronger. With that, I'll turn it over to Luca to share additional insights on our financials.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk, and good afternoon everyone. Q3 was a strong quarter across our key financial metrics, including top line, gross profit dollar, A&C investments, earnings growth and free cash flow. Revenue grew 5.4% with strong pricing execution and positive volume/mix growth. Developed markets grew 5.6% with a volume/mix increase of 1% driven by both North America and Europe. Total revenue for emerging markets grew 4.9% with a volume/mix decline of 1%, driven by Western brand boycotts in EMEA and the lower volumes mostly in Mexico. Moving to portfolio performance on Slide 14. Biscuits and baked snacks grew 3.3% for the quarter. Several brands delivered robust growth including Oreo, Ritz, belVita, LU, 7 Days and Club Social. US biscuits delivered solid growth in the quarter with a good balance from both pricing and volume/mix. Chocolate grew plus 9.2% with strength in both developed and emerging markets. Volume/mix was down minus 1.2%, driven mostly by challenges in Latin America whereas most of Europe came back strongly after customer disruption. Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka, Toblerone and Freia Marabou all delivered strong growth for the quarter. Gum and candy grew 5.6%, driven by continued momentum and strength in key markets, including Brazil and US candy. Volume/mix in this category was slightly positive. Let's review market and share performance on slide 15. We held or gained share in 35% of our revenue base with solid results in chocolate as well as in gum and candy. This strength was partially offset by our US biscuits business, which accounts for approximately 25 percentage points of revenue. We expect total share metric to improve moving forward as Europe gained share in Q3 following customer disruption in F1. The US still has work to do, but we have seen shareholding in the last three months and believe new price packs in Q4 should help drive further improvements. Moving to regional performance on Slide 16. Europe grew 8.1% in Q3. Execution was strong in key markets such as the UK, Germany and France, all delivering significant growth. We saw a slight uptick in elasticity resulting from pricing, but consumer sentiment remains relatively stable. OI dollars were up more than 46%, including significant A&C investments and due in part to pricing versus favorable cocoa phasing. North America grew 3.7% against a strong compare of nearly 10% in the prior year. Solid performance in growth channels, distribution gains and impactful brand activations like the Oreo Coca-Cola partnership drove Q3 growth. New price pack for Oreo, Ritz and Chips Ahoy! that will provide better representation in the $3 to $4 range are just beginning to hit retail shelves now. North America OI increased 6.5%. AMEA grew 5.8%. China posted strong results with high single-digit growth fueled by continued investments in brand building across Oreo, Chips Ahoy!, and Stride, coupled with ongoing distribution gains, adding approximately 80,000 new outlets on a year-to-date basis. India was down slightly in Q3, driven by a decline in biscuits, where inflation has led to a more competitive promotional environment. On the flip side, chocolate continues to perform well, especially within the low unit price segment, which grew mid-single-digits. Australia, New Zealand and Japan delivered another strong quarter of growth driven by RGM, strong activations and innovation. Boycotts in the Middle East and Southeast Asia remain a headwind to results. We expect this dynamic to persist for the foreseeable future. However, it is largely embedded in the base beginning Q4. The overall impact to the region was approximately 2 percentage points worth of growth. AMEA increased OI dollars by more than 15% with meaningful A&C increases. Latin America grew 2% in the quarter. Brazil and Western Andean posted growth, while Mexico was down modestly. Note that Argentina pricing has been capped at 26% unlike Q3 last year, where the country contributed more than 18 points to LA growth. Latin America OI declined 4.8%, due primarily to lower volumes in Argentina and Mexico. Turning to Page 17. In Q3, we saw strong double-digit gross profit dollar NOI dollar growth. Top line growth, pricing execution and ongoing cost discipline helped fuel these results. In addition, cocoa is still relatively benign in Q3, thanks to our effective coverage strategies. In Q4, this dynamic will reverse with meaningful pressure to profit as Cocoa catches up to market levels. Next to EPS on Slide 18. Q3 EPS grew more than 28% in constant currency on the same drivers as OI. We continue to generate strong free cash flow as you can see on Slide 19. We delivered $2.5 billion to date, which includes a payment of nearly $400 million in the quarter related to the EU Commission matter. We have repurchased $1.2 billion in stock year-to-date and will continue to be opportunistic for the remainder of the year and into 2025. Before moving to our outlook, I'll provide some additional context on cocoa. Cocoa costs have decreased since all-time highs, and futures signal eventual normalization, albeit the market is still showing signs of nervousness due to tight physical availability ahead of the new crop. At this stage, the new crop outlook remains positive with significant recovery compared to last year. Both consensus and our internal outlook forecast a surplus and increased stocks into 2025. With still a few weeks to go before pods are harvested, we believe this is good news. We also continue to employ a flexible hedging structure that would allow us to risk manage next year. Moving to Slide 22 and our approach to pricing and cost as we move into 2025. In terms of pricing, we will continue to utilize all the tools in our RGM playbook to minimize volume declines and limit elasticities, thus protecting penetration and frequency of consumption. We will keep price points especially for entry level and low unit items. We will also improve our participation at multiple price levels, offering consumers more choices. Additionally, we will continue to reinvest in our brands, primarily through working media. Cost management is another area of focus. We plan to take a targeted approach to managing costs by focusing on non-working media, overheads and productivity. We will not take shortcuts or make temporary moves that disturb the business, but rather focus on areas where we can make lasting changes. We will also not sacrifice key investments or product quality. Net, we are confident that we have a strong plan to navigate the headwinds presented by cocoa next year. We will focus on what we can control and will remain agile as needed to ensure the long term health of this category while positioning ourselves to emerge stronger when cocoa prices settle at more sustainable levels. Turning to our outlook. Our outlook for 2024 remains unchanged. We continue to expect on algo delivery for revenue, earnings per share, growth and cash flow. Just a word on EPS. We continue to expect high single-digit growth off a 2023 base that includes developed market gum. When you look at year-to-date margins, two things are clear aside from strong operating performance. First, we procure cocoa at much better prices than the market. And second, we priced a replacement cost. Thus, profit growth has been quite good. On the other side, Q4 is a bit of an anomaly as we booked your cocoa for Q4 close to peak, if not at peak prices, while at the same time, we will not yet have the benefits of either additional pricing or planned cocoa savings initiatives in Q4. While next year cocoa will be significantly higher than the average of 2024, it is projected to be lower than Q4 2024. Most of our other key assumptions remain consistent with what we shared with you on our last call, with the exception of interest expenses, which is now estimated at $250 million for the year. Although it is premature to get into specifics around our 25 outlook, I would note a couple of items. The majority of our business, which is not chocolate, will be on algorithm. We expect peak cocoa pricing to be reflected in the first half of 2025 while chocolate margins should improve sequentially versus Q4 2024. Our plans around pricing, RGM and cost management are expected to be significant and help provide room for reinvestment. However, where we sit today, it is tough to see a path to earning growth in 2025 unless cocoa is just down from the current future curve and/or elasticities are much more benign than our current planning assumptions, [ergo] (ph) there will be additional pricing. But as we said a few times, we believe cocoa in 2026 is going to normalize and we would have a meaningful rebound of our chocolate profit to allow for us to get back on track with our algorithm. Clearly, we do not control cocoa prices. But in the unlikely event that they would not normalize by 2026, our gradual approach to pricing seems still to be the best approach to take. Overall, we feel good about the fundamentals of the business, our growth opportunities, the investments we are continuing to make in the business and our plans to navigate this short term cocoa dynamic. We expect to emerge from this period of elevated cocoa prices even stronger and better positioned for attractive sustainable earnings growth. We will provide more details related to 2025 at our year-end call. Finally, a word on our sales of the JDE Peet's shares. We are happy overall with the return we realized on our coffee financial investments. Some of the proceeds will be deployed immediately towards lowering our CPE balance, but eventually will be deployed towards buyback and to support M&A. There will be a modest dilution in Q4 with a full year $0.08 headwind. We will issue an 8-K with more details over the coming weeks. With that, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go to our first question from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much. Good evening. Maybe, Dirk, first, I was hoping you could discuss the puts and takes in 3Q and maybe specifically how that shapes sort of your strategy in chocolate going forward in light of the challenges that cocoa is going to present next year?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Hello, Andrew. Well, overall, I would say we feel good about Q3, the results, and also the dynamics that we see in there. So as you could see, we have a strong top line growth. We have positive volume mix. And the consumer, I would say, in most places is holding up well. Developed markets came back with solid balanced growth in North America and also Europe strengthening again. And the emerging markets remain solid. There's a few pockets of softness there, but we have clear plans to address that. We continue to invest in working media and our brands. We -- and our bottom line was very strong with good free cash flow results. So we can't complain, I would say, about our quarter. And I think the feeling that the top line will continue to be robust into next year is certainly there, because we feel that overall the business is quite healthy and we have very good activities planned for next year. Yeah, chocolate is a challenge, but we are quite clear on which principles we have and what vision we have to deal with the cocoa challenge. Our first focus is to protect the health of the chocolate category, which is a great category. Our second one is, of course, within that category to hold or gain market share and taking an overall long term approach to how the category will develop and how our business will develop. We have to price next year, but we are very conscious of making sure that we protect key price points and certain thresholds. So we're doing a lot of work on our low unit pricing in emerging markets or entry level pricing in developed markets. And we're launching a bunch of new sizes in our chocolate business. I think our RGM plans are well thought through. We just went through everything with all the different business units that we have, and I think the work that has been done is very strong. And we've really thought through how we think the category will evolve in the coming months. We are planning to continue to invest in our brands, but we did look at all the non-working media and are aiming for some significant efficiencies there. And then, of course, we will also work on our other costs, particularly overhead costs next year, so that we can deliver what I would call a reasonable financial result overall. The rest of our business is business as usual. Maybe a few more things in the sense that we are not taking any shortcuts for short-term gains next year. We do realize that there is additional pricing and we will have some extra pressure. But overall, as I said before, we think chocolate is an outstanding category and we are fully committed to it. And the other maybe thing is, things can go different as it relates to reaction to pricing. We have assumed normal elasticity, but that could be more or less or cocoa pricing is still very volatile. It could be more or less than we planned. So being agile next year in how we deal with those situations will be another critical thing for us, I believe. I hope that helps.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you. Yeah, very helpful. I appreciate that. Thank you. And then just a quick follow-up, Luca, I realize obviously you're not prepared to provide detailed 25% guidance yet. But fourth quarter, as you mentioned, it's the first one where you'll see the impact of significantly higher cocoa costs. So I guess how does this 4Q implied guidance, which looks for EPS, I think, down some 20% or so year-over-year inform the way we should think about next year? Whatever else you can share along those lines knowing you're not going to provide the full thing yet? Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Andrew. I mean, I will start by saying that we are clearly very happy with EPS on a year-to-date basis and that I think will help us understanding a little bit better Q4 next year. We have landed today all pricing in line with our expectations and we are in general priced to a level that is higher than our actual cost of cocoa for the first three quarters as our cocoa buying strategies have been clearly quite advantageous compared to in-market costs. As you rightly point out, the implied EPS for Q4 based on us reaffirming guidance is down year-on-year. But I said in the prepared remarks that I see that as a sort of anomaly. First of all, because cocoa costs for Q4 were locked in when cocoa was at peak value. And second, clearly in the numbers in Q4, there is no effect of additional pricing or for that matter of the cost measures that we will put in place as of the beginning of 2025. Bear in mind that in 2025, pricing will not flow through as of day one. And so it will take a little bit of time for profit to improve and quite frankly profit improvement is more towards the second half of the year. Please also consider as we talk about 2025 that cocoa costs are lower in the second half versus half one. On 25, I can tell you that we have done a lot of work in scrutinizing all our costs and we will be removing sizable costs, particularly in the area of overhead and non-productive media expenses. We have increased the amount of productivities that we'll be delivering to our supply chain and we've had clearly a full slate of initiatives in our GM that should limit elasticities. As I said, it is hard to see a path to EPS growth into 2025 unless cocoa adjusts now materially and that is still a possibility and/or elasticities are more benign, allowing us to price more. We have seen as of late following the price increases we put in place in Europe, for instance, that elasticities have been fairly benign. So if we realize that volume is there, we might push price a little bit more forward to in an attempt to offset the cocoa impact that we will have inevitably next year.
Operator: We'll move next to Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. Good afternoon. I had one question on North America and then a follow-up. On North America, the comment was made that your categories are sort of bucking the, what seems to be a larger, more challenged trend across snacking. And you did mention RGM as being part of it. I appreciate that. Just trying to get a sense what you're seeing as the other factors that is allowing or that are allowing your categories to do better than what we're seeing kind of elsewhere across that broader snacking continuum as someone once said?
Dirk Van de Put: Yeah. Ken, the -- I would say the category is growing modestly and is improving slightly. And I would say that, overall, we see the consumer also getting more confident. But high prices remain certainly a big concern, high food prices, I would say. And consumers clearly feel that their purchasing power is deteriorating, particularly, I would say, in the lower income consumers. They're the ones that feel most of the pressure. I would say that as it relates to our categories, first of all, we have recognized that the perception of value of the consumer has changed. If you go two years back, consumers were really shopping for the price per pack or the unit price and so family sizes and party sizes became very important. Going forward or since a few months now, two quarters, I would say, many consumers that are below a certain income level have to shop by the total size of their basket. I would say that biscuits remain important for them. It is part of most shopping baskets. And as a consequence, we needed to fit our products within that shopping basket. And that meant that particularly the $3 to $4 price point has become very important. And so in Q3, we have worked with promotions to bring our products there. And going forward, we have launched a range of new packs on Chips Ahoy!, on Oreo, that will be sold at $2.99 And so we think that's the way we are bucking the trend really. So on one hand, category that the consumer really doesn't want to do without, and so the overall category is pretty stable. And on top of that, we're starting to gain some market share because we are hitting the right price points right now.
Ken Goldman: Thank you for that. And then for my follow-up, I wanted to make sure I understood the comment about next year, the majority of the portfolio, being -- growing within algo on the top line. Is the implication that part of the portfolio, the minority will not be within algo? And just trying to get a real sense of what the messaging was there about the top line next year, just given all the puts and takes about elasticity and pricing and so forth?
Dirk Van de Put: Yeah. It's basically related to our mix of different categories that we have. We have 70% of our business that is non-chocolate, and that is the part that we are expecting to be in line with our normal algo. And then the chocolate part will not be in line with our algo. That's what we were referring to.
Luca Zaramella: On the bottom-line specifically.
Ken Goldman: On the bottom line. So that was a bottom line comment just to make sure?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. I said that 70% of the portfolio is on algo. The remaining part which is chocolate is not going to be on algo on the bottom line.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: We see pretty strong top line for next year.
Ken Goldman: Yeah, that's why I wasn't -- no, that's helpful. Thank you. I appreciate it guys.
Dirk Van de Put: Yeah.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: We'll go next to John Baumgartner with Mizuho Securities.
John Baumgartner: Good afternoon. Thanks for the question.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi.
Luca Zaramella: Hi.
John Baumgartner: Dirk, I'd like to ask about the growth plans for cakes and pastries. And if you could speak to your vision there, to what extent do you view the company as sort of a disruptor in the space where there's unique capabilities in biscuits and confection that you can sort of leverage in baked goods? And in light of Evirth and that frozen cake technology, the capabilities from that, to what extent is that a China-specific opportunity relative to one that could be expanded to Europe, North America, some other markets? Just maybe your thoughts on where you see your advantages competing in the baked goods space? Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, cakes and pastries -- packaged cakes and pastries is a $95 billion category. It's much bigger if you include the non-packets, but that's not the area that we consider as where we want to play. It is a category that's already growing 7% CAGR over the last five years, and in fact, low double-digit over the last two years. Per kilogram, it's higher value than the biscuits category. And the category is quite strong in some of the key markets where we play, the US, Europe, China. The opportunity is that it's a highly fragmented category. We are number three globally, but we only have a 3.5% share. So there is an opportunity to bring in known brands that come with a certain quality aspect and a certain positioning, but also by offering soft cakes or pastries that are in line with that brand from the biscuits category. So, an Oreo to play in that category, for instance, or some of our other brands. That is really the way we are thinking about it. Now, there's different techniques in producing these products. Evirth particularly, we already have a company that goes from frozen to fresh in the store, which is Give & Go in Canada, which is a company that's been growing very fast. And Evirth is similar, but to the sense that they are much more into the cake segment. In China, this category is really booming. These are quite sophisticated products. And I have to say that the quality that they can produce thanks to their proprietary way of producing is quite exceptional. And so we think that, first of all, in China, this is a big opportunity. The business has been growing serious double-digit for the last years, and we can see a long runway of possibilities. But we have started to think about, okay, how can we expand this to the rest of the world because the quality is so high. But for the time being, our first priority is to make sure that we get the strong growth that we would like to see in China.
John Baumgartner: Thanks, Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay.
Operator: We'll go next to David Palmer with Evercore ISI.
David Palmer: Thanks. Your comments on 25% were pretty clear in saying that you see -- hard to see a path to EPS growth in 25 that would likely require a breakdown in cocoa or sustained benign price elasticity that could enable perhaps earlier price offsets to what you're seeing. I wonder right now obviously you don't have that visibility into that and I wonder what the reality would be, when that reality would be that you could essentially feel like you could give a pretty narrow range of EPS outcomes for 25. Is it something that like by the first quarter earnings you would have that sort of a timeframe where you have pricing in place, you're seeing a reaction from that, perhaps you're a little further into your cocoa price setting for the year, I'm just wondering about the timing.
Dirk Van de Put: Look, I think here, as I said there are two elements that will come into play. One is cocoa prices. There has been some nervousness in the market as of late, but we believe that it is the result of the fact that the industry is still quite short and that the Ivory Coast has hardly sold any 24, 25 crop in the last month since they're waiting for the new crop to materialize. On the fundamentals of cocoa, the latest spot count is likely below the five year average in Ivory Coast, same in Ghana, but it is well up versus last year. And the level of confidence that we have at this point in time is round about 85%, but it will be soon in the next couple of weeks, three weeks, 90%. Importantly, the Ivory Coast port arrivals are up 25% already versus prior year and that's really points in the direction of good supply coming our way. So I expect to have clarity on cocoa prices, call it, in the next month or couple of months. I think the situation will be much, much clear -- much more clear. Importantly, what will drive cocoa prices is the arrival in Europe, which will be most likely in January, February and I think by then we should really have a sense of cocoa cost. That is important because in our case, we haven't locked in cocoa prices yet. We want to take advantage of the potential decline of cocoa costs, albeit we want also to be protected on the upper side of cost. On the other side, on the level of elasticity, look, I think you know that it takes a little bit of time to implement price in Europe. And I think we're going to see in places like the UK where we don't have buying alliances, we are going to see the effect of elasticities much earlier and quite honestly from what we see today, they are already quite good in terms of not having a big impact. For the rest of Europe, we will have to wait towards the end of Q1 beginning of Q2. In emerging markets, as I said, we're going to price quite rapidly, but there we will protect price points in the entry level. So a long way to say cocoa cost should be clear by the end of this year beginning of Q1 and prices particularly in Europe will be much clearer towards the end of Q1 beginning of Q2.
David Palmer: That's very helpful. And I guess I want to just pick your brain on just the US snacking, Ken asked you about why cookies, perhaps is doing towards the high end of the snacking category, which is historically weak right now. Obviously, you're a global snacking player, and you participate in confectionery outside the US in a bigger way, but confectionery in the US is particularly weak. I'm wondering why you think confectionery in the US is so weak right now, and if there's any sort of interesting juxtapositions you could create between those two, what you see for example in developed market Europe and with chocolate and the price receptivity for example and the consumer versus what we see in the US which seems to be pretty rough right now? Thanks.
Luca Zaramella: Look, it's really tough for us to comment about the chocolate market in the USA because as you know we have a small participation in that market and because there are other companies that might have a much better point of view. What we can tell you is, in Europe and in emerging markets, our brands have been built consistently over the years. In terms of distribution, support, price point, we have never pulled back a dollar since [Dirk arrived] (ph) in terms of advertising. We have been increasing consistently. Our marketing capabilities with our Chief Marketing Officer have improved dramatically. The execution is there. So I think in our case at least, we have been consistent in executing and investing and increasing distribution of our brands throughout. And look, we're lucky to have our brands maybe, but those are being built by people at Mondelez and we're very proud of that.
Operator: We'll move next to Peter Galbo with Bank of America.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Luca, I just wanted to actually circle back on your comment on 25 EPS, the path to difficult growth. Just for real clarity, does that also include the dilution from JDE or is that on a like-for-like basis just so we're crystal clear?
Luca Zaramella: No, I was quoting like-for-like. We will issue in due time an 8-K. You might imagine by looking at the multiple of JV, Pete, even when we got 30% premium to the unaffected stock price, you might imagine that multiple is lower compared to ours. So even if we had to buy back our stock, there will be some sort of dilution, which is not something that I meant to comment upon when I was telling you that we don't see a path to EPS growth into next year.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Okay. No, that's helpful. Thank you. And just to go back to Europe, I think you were expecting a bit of pipeline fill in the quarter post the customer disruption. Just curious if you can unpack that a bit more, just did it come in where you kind of thought it would, is there an expectation of more of that just in the Q4? Any additional color would be helpful. Thanks very much.
Luca Zaramella: Look, there was no much, I mean there was pipeline building particularly at the beginning of the quarter, but that was pipeline for back-to-school activities. I can tell you for instance that impact is not really material at all. Again, quite frankly in the case of the UK, we had planned to ship some Christmas already in Q3 that didn't happen, it's going to happen in Q4. So all in all, I wouldn't call the pipelining effect in Europe as material.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Chris Carey: Hi, good evening. So, Luca, this is a follow-up question, then I'll just ask one quick other one. But on the confidence around cocoa in the coming three, four weeks, say, relative to just your expectations for next year, can you just talk about how much flexibility you might have to respond from a productivity standpoint, say, if those expectations get worse over the next month or obviously we know if they get better, that's obviously helpful. But just as you think about the ability to manage through different variability and maybe hold to the expectations that you have for next year as you sit here today, just how much flexibility do you have to respond within your early budgets if, say, things get worse from the overhead or the productivity or the other things that you mentioned?
Luca Zaramella: So, we have clear coverage strategies. I think at this point in time, we have a good part of our 2025 cocoa needs covered and/or protected. And the way you have to think about it is, we put in place futures for around about half of the needs that we have and when we put that in place, I was very clear that we covered mostly the second part of the year as the structure is inverted and so you have a benefit by going further out. The rest is covered through mostly colors and which allow us -- would allow us to really participate if the market had to adjust down, but at the same time protecting the upside exposure. So we have quite a bit of flexibility, I would say, on the -- should the market adjust. The pricing plans and there is a big part of RGM I would say, I think one-third of the pricing next year is going to be done through RGM that is maybe a little bit less flexible, but the rest provide us with some flexibility. So if we see elasticity is being more benign, we could hump up the pricing there or if for that matter we see more severe volume reaction we could lower prices a little bit more. So we have built that flexibility into the plan.
Chris Carey: Okay, thanks. And then just one quick follow-up on a couple of regions. Latin America volume has decelerated a bit here through the year. We've been hearing that from another -- a number of your global peers just around hitting kind of tougher comps relative to last year. Can you just comment on the underlying of the business right now? And then on the China piece, you mentioned you're seeing some optimism there. Is that something you're seeing? Or is it just optimism at this point? So that's it for me. Thanks.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, on Latin America, I would say, overall, we still feel pretty good about Latin America. It is true that volume has started to go into negative territory, but that is driven largely by Mexico in our case. Brazil, we still see a very strong performance and also in what we call WACAM, which is largely everything else except Argentina. So it is really concentrated in one country. And there, it's largely because we have some pricing adjustments that we need to do, particularly in the candy and the chocolate categories. But for instance, gum meals and Oreo are doing quite well in Mexico. So I wouldn't feel that Latin America is particularly a major problem area for us, but it certainly has slowed down versus what it was in the previous quarters.
Operator: We will take our final question from Tom Palmer
Dirk Van de Put: Sorry, I still needed to talk about China and why we see optimism. So overall, we have a very good performance in China. Businesses are doing quite well. We have mid-single-digit volume mix growth. We have high single-digit net revenue growth. So despite the economic slowdown, we feel pretty good. And I wasn't talking about our optimism. I think there is some consumer optimism because the government has released some economic boosting policy, which we are monitoring, and we think that is going to affect overall consumer thinking and consumer buying. We think our category biscuits will be stable with some big shifts in channels towards snack chains and club warehouses, which are, for instance, out of the Nielsen scope. So that is something that is on top of what you can see in the data. So we think overall driven by a strong category and the distribution gains that we have, we're probably more optimistic about China than most other companies, but we do feel an underlying trend that the consumer is getting in more positive territory.
Operator: We'll move to our final question from Tom Palmer with Citi.
Tom Palmer: Good evening and thank you. I wanted to ask first on organic sales growth. The guidance would seem to imply an acceleration in the fourth, perhaps even versus what we saw in 3Q. Could you help frame the regions in which this improvement might be most apparent? And then just to confirm, this would be volume driven? Or are there some pricing actions to consider in the fourth quarter with then more coming in 2025?
Luca Zaramella: As far as pricing is concerned, at this point in time we are done and so there is no sequential additional pricing coming into effect in Q4. I think you're going to see strong performance in North America. You're going to see strong performance in AMEA, which by the way we start lapping the boycotts that started last year in Q4. And then I think in Europe, you are going to see strong results as well. Latin America, we have been a little bit more conservative, but I think there should be a little bit of an improvement there too. Look, in the end, if you do the implied growth rate for Q4 in light of us the affirming guidance on top line, which is as we said at the high end of the 3 to 5 algo, you should get to a Q4 that is a little bit higher than what Q3 has been.
Tom Palmer: Okay. Thanks for that.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. I think that was the last question, Shep. Well, thank you for attending the call. Strong quarter, and we hope that we will do well in 2025 also. And I hope you got convinced that our plans are in place to make that happen. Talk to you next time. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Mondelez International Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice -- Senior Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. As we discuss our results today, unless noted as reported, we'll be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures, which adjust for certain items included in our GAAP results. In addition, we provide year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis, unless otherwise noted. You can find the comparable GAAP measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. Today, Dirk will provide a business strategy update, followed by a review of our financial results and outlook by Luca. We will close with Q&A. I'll now turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Thanks, Shep, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. I will start on Slide 4. I am pleased to share that we delivered a solid first half to the year with strong profit dollar growth driven by effective cost management and pricing. We also successfully completed our annual pricing in Europe, which helps position us well for the second half in terms of top line and volume growth. We continue to see momentum in emerging markets, and we're continuing to invest significantly in our brands and capabilities to drive sustainable long-term growth. And we continued our track record of strong free cash flow, generating $1.5 billion. While our operating environment remains challenging and dynamic, our teams remain focused and agile in executing against our long-term growth strategy. We continue to play for the long term in chocolate, biscuits and baked snacks because these core categories remain strong consumer favorites with very high loyalty to our iconic brand portfolio. Within these great categories, our advantaged geographic footprint provides additional confidence that we are well positioned to compound long-term sustainable growth. Turning to Slide 5, you can see that organic net revenue grew 2.5% this quarter, with adjusted gross profit dollar growth of 11.3%, enabling us to continue investing in the business. A&C spending is up high single-digits, helping to drive consumer and customer loyalty to both our iconic global brands and our local jewels. And adjusted EPS grew 25%. Turning to Slide 6. While many food and beverage segments are continuing to experience softness, snacking remains relatively durable. Consumer trends vary by region, but overall we are seeing volume growth start to rebound as inflation cools. Consumer incomes are rising, which helps to reduce the inflation-driven financial strain on many households. As a result, private label growth in our categories is decelerating, while branded share growth is improving. In North America, some consumers are seeking snacking options at specific price points to fit within a specific overall ticket size. Other consumers, who are more focused on convenience, look for multipacks, which offer value, as well as variety and versatility. Our proven playbook for price pack architecture allows us to offer a broad range of options to meet each of these consumers' differing definitions of value. As a result, our two largest US brands, Oreo and Ritz, are gaining share year to date. Meanwhile, in Europe, elasticities are moving slightly higher but remain modest. Consumer confidence is cautiously optimistic and is rising in the second quarter versus the same period last year, as inflation softens and incomes rise behind stable employment. We continue to see positive value growth in biscuits and chocolates. Volume in seasonal chocolate also is growing well, up 0.6% year-to-date, driven by the performance of seasonal shapes, novelties and bite-sized products. Consumers continue to demonstrate that holidays like Easter just wouldn't be the same without chocolate and they are willing to spend accordingly. In emerging markets, modest elasticities continue. Our China business is delivering strong growth in online and social commerce. In Brazil, we're seeing an uptick in elasticities, but the consumer and economy remain resilient. In Mexico, the economic backdrop is healthy with solid employment and consumer confidence. And within India we see some food inflation impacting lower and middle income households driving a pullback in spend and causing some down trading, particularly in biscuits. Overall our combined emerging markets value and volume share is improving in biscuits and chocolate. Against this backdrop of gradually improving consumer confidence, as you can see on Slide 7, we are continuing to deliver against our focused action plan to improve volumes in North America in the second half of the year. We are already seeing value share improvement in Oreo and Ritz. To further accelerate growth, we are continuing to increase distribution points across food, club and convenience stores. And to meet the right price points, we are also implementing new targeted promotions, as well as a new pack size priced in the $3 to $4 range to drive continued brand loyalty and value for Oreo, Chips Ahoy!, and Ritz. Additionally, we're continuing to launch compelling activations, like Star Wars OREO and Oreo Space Dunk, to delight our fans while driving incremental lift. Turning to Slide 8, along with improving biscuit volumes in the second half, we are well positioned to deliver sustainable long-term growth in chocolate. Recent spikes in the cost of cocoa ingredients have been widely discussed, but we soon expect a market correction to a more sustainable price, as the mid-crop is emerging in line with historical trends, and early signs on the main crop are encouraging. Chocolate remains a great category. It is continuing to grow with volume resiliency and despite increasing prices. And within this great category, we offer some of the world's strongest, most iconic chocolate brands, which include Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka, Toblerone, Cte d'Or, Marabou, Freia, and Lacta. These brands are already the leaders in numerous key markets and we are continuing to invest in A&C to further accelerate loyalty and growth. At the same time, our proven RGM playbook provides our teams with the necessary agility in offsetting inflation while maintaining solid volume dynamics and protecting shares. We remain confident that we are well equipped to continue navigating fluctuating input costs and that we're structurally advantaged to accelerate long term chocolate growth. Turning to Slide 9, it is important to reinforce that while the external environment remains volatile, we remain focused on accelerating our long-term growth strategy. We're continuing to reinvest in our brands, expand distribution, drive M&A, and scale sustainable snacking. We remain on track to deliver 90% of revenue through our core categories of chocolate, biscuits and baked snacks by 2030. And our teams continue to deliver strong progress against our strategic agenda. For example, our Oreo marketing team continues to design and deliver exciting, creative activations that capitalize on consumer trends and drive incremental lift. We recently collaborated with Lucasfilm to launch two versions of a special edition Star Wars cookie in the United States, which unites our strong Oreo fan base with the equally strong Star Wars fan community. While both versions are wrapped in identical exterior packaging, consumers don't know which side they're on until they open the pack. This creative and fun approach is driving strong sales, making this collaboration our strongest limited edition yet. This collaboration is the latest example of our strategy to cement the cultural relevance of Oreo with key partners who help us bring their favorite stories to life. We're planning some more exciting, but still top secret, collaborations for the remainder of this year and into 2025. Along with these marketing activations, we are continuing to strengthen store availability, visibility and execution around the world. Here in the US, for instance, our performance in the club channel is growing mid-single-digits while the value channel is growing double digits. Both are driven by our family-sized multipacks which offer a great price per cookie or cracker rather than overall package prices. We also are continuing to harness the power of recent acquisitions to capture synergies and drive growth. For example our Chipita baked snacks business is growing high single-digit volume in Europe, led by convenient 7Days croissants that help satisfy consumers on the go across a broad range of snacking occasions. Additionally, we are making continued progress on our environmental and social sustainability agenda. For example, we continue implementing our structured and scientifically validated roadmap to reach net zero carbon by 2050. As an example, our biscuit manufacturing plant in East Suzhou, China was recently certified as carbon neutral. The plant has reduced carbon emissions by 16,000 tons, the equivalent of planting 7,000 trees for 100 years. Through implementing new technology solutions, including an innovative system to recycle residual heat and wastewater, as well as a new solar photovoltaic system to generate green electricity. To learn more about our strategy and review our annual performance data in detail, I encourage you to read our Snacking Made Right report available on our website. On Slide 10, before I turn the microphone over to Luca, I'd like to briefly highlight our recently announced strategic partnership with Lotus Bakeries. This exciting initiative includes two main components. First, we will work with Lotus Bakeries to develop and launch co-branded chocolate products combining unique caramelized crispy Biscoff taste with our iconic global chocolate brands, including Cadbury and Milka. We aim to launch the first products in Europe in early 2025. Second, we will manufacture, market, distribute and sell the Lotus Biscoff cookie brand in India starting in the second half of 2025. Partnering with Lotus will enable us to simultaneously scale our sweet biscuit business in the important emerging market of India while also innovating our strong European chocolate business with new products to grow consumer interest and loyalty. As we strive to lead the future of snacking by winning in chocolate biscuits and baked snacks, M&A and ventures remain an important part of our growth strategy. This innovative partnership is a great example of our approach and we continue to explore additional opportunities. With that, I'll turn it over to Luca to share additional insights on our financials.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk, and good afternoon. Q2 marked a solid quarter for the business, with organic net revenue growth across each region, strong profit dollar growth, substantial reinvestment into working media, and robust free cash flow generation and capital return. Revenue grew plus 2.5% with strong pricing execution. This number includes 1.3 points of EU customer disruption that is now behind us and 40 basis points of boycott headwinds in our AMIA region. Developed market volume mix was down minus 2.2% for the quarter, primarily impacted by Europe customer disruption with some ongoing softness in the US Biscuit business. Total revenue for emerging markets grew plus 4.5%. Developed markets grew plus 1.2%. Moving to portfolio performance on Slide 13. Biscuits and baked snacks grew plus 0.8% for the quarter. Several brands delivered solid growth, including Oreo, Ritz, 7Days, Club Social, and TUC. We saw ongoing softness in parts of the US biscuit portfolio, though we have seen early signs of improvement in brands like Chips Ahoy! over recent weeks with clear plans to improve the overall biscuit growth enough to, as Dick mentioned. Chocolate grew plus 5.6% with significant growth across both developed and emerging markets. Volume mix was down minus 2.6%, which was nearly all driven by customer disruption in Europe. Cadbury Dairy Milk, Lacta in Brazil, and Freia and Marabou in the Nordics all posted strong growth during the quarter. Milka also posted solid growth. Gum and candy grew plus 2.9%, driven by continued momentum and strength in key markets including China, Brazil, and Western India. Volume mix in this category was negatively impacted by [calls] (ph) in the US. Let's review market share performance on Slide 14. We had or gained share in 40% of our revenue base with strength in chocolate as well as gum and candy. This strength was partially offset by softer results in our US biscuit business, which accounts for approximately 25 percentage points of revenue and disruption in key markets across Europe. Moving to regional performance on Slide 15, Europe grew plus 2.7% in Q2. Execution was strong in the quarter, with a number of key countries delivering growth through solid pricing and in-store execution, which led to share gains. This trend was partially offset by volume declines associated with expected customer disruption. Pricing is now completely in line with across all key customers, which positions as well for Q3 and half two of the year. OI dollars were up nearly 25%, including significant A&C investment. North America grew plus 0.3% against a strong compare of more than 12% in the prior year. Growth channels, including cloud, online and value, along with Canada, delivered solid growth. However, overall volume mix declined, as some consumers continue to seek out products with lower absolute price points, impacting brands like Chips Ahoy!. We have a clear plan to address this dynamic by adding more core packs in the Oreo, Chips Ahoy! and Ritz within the $3 to $4 range beginning in Q4, while other households continue to prepare the attractive unit price offerings that our family and party packs provide. And although early, a recent reformulation and new promotions have led to gradual sales improvement in Chips Ahoy!. There is clearly more work to do, but these initial signs are encouraging. North America OI increased by plus 3.4%. AMIA grew plus 4.2% for the quarter. China delivered another strong quarter with high single-digit growth fueled by ongoing brand equity enhancements in Oreo, Chips Ahoy!, and Stride, along with distribution gains. India was flat overall, with strong chocolate growth offset by more competitive intensity and down-trading in biscuit as a result of higher overall food inflation. Our India team has plans to activate new pack sizes and new value pricing within Oreo to improve growth and share starting next month. Australia, New Zealand and Japan delivered a robust quarter of growth coupled with strong share gains. Boycotting the Middle East and Southeast Asia remain a headwind to results, which we expect will continue in half two, though this impact will be in the base beginning in Q4. The overall impact for the region was 2 percentage points worth of growth. AMIA increased OI dollars by more than 46% with meaningful ANC increases. Gross base growth coupled with some upsides related to Latin Nigeria currency losses last year drove this performance. Latin America grew plus 4.5% with solid price execution and a decline in volume mix. Note that Argentina pricing has been capped at 26% unlike Q2 last year where the country contributed more than 15 points to Latin American growth. Brazil and our Western Andean region both delivered mid-single-digit growth. Mexico growth was modest, in part due to lower flow of public subsidies to households that is expected to resume in the second half. Consumer confidence remains strong in Mexico, while Brazil and the Western India countries continue to demonstrate solid growth. Latin America delivered OI growth of nearly plus 24% supported by strong pricing. Turning to Page 16, In Q2, we saw strong double digit OI and gross profit dollar growth. Top line strength, pricing execution, ongoing cost discipline partly drove these results. Nevertheless, the strong half-one results also reflect our favorable cocoa pipeline compared to current market prices, which will clearly reverse and will be a meaningful headwind in the second half. Next to EPS on Slide 17. Q2 EPS grew plus 25% in constant currency. Most of this growth was driven by operating gains, as well as favorable cocoa cost pipeline and coverage strategies. And despite currency headwinds, we grew adjusted EPS at reported Forex by more than 19%. We are holding our EPS call for the year despite these gains, since Cocoa will become a more material headwind in the second half. We continue to demonstrate strong free cash flow and capital deployment, as you can see on our Slide 18. We delivered $1.5 billion of free cash flow in half one. We have repurchased $1.1 billion in stock through half one and will remain opportunistic for the remainder of the year. We also announced today that we are raising our dividend by 11%, marking nine consecutive years with a double-digit dividend increase. Before moving to our outlook, let me make a few comments relative to cocoa on Slide 20. As we know, this is a most likely top of mind for our investors. Our teams continue to monitor the market very closely to put ourselves in the best position possible. While we want to protect ourselves, we continue to put flexible structures in place that enable us to participate in potential market price declines versus current historically high prices. In addition, we continue to fine tune our commercial strategies to ensure long-term sustainable growth while managing through near-term challenges. As guiding principles, we will protect critical price points and key thresholds while broadly utilizing RGM and implementing more pricing in the least elastic segments and consumer occasions. Our objective is to limit elasticity and volume losses while protecting our gross profit dollars to the extent possible, as we believe cocoa prices will adjust eventually. We will also implement cost measures to ensure that we protect our bottom line and ability to invest in the category. It remains too early in the year to provide specifics around 2025. However, there are some key elements and points in time to consider. The mid-crop has been good and in line with historical trends. And although early signs around the main crop are encouraging, we should get a much clearer indication in September, which will likely act as the next catalyst for cocoa costs. As we get to our Q3 earning cycles, we expect to be able to share more color around demand, market liquidity, and the range of cost [at wheels] (ph) relative to 2025, as well as EPS. I'll close with our outlook on Slide 21. Our outlook for 24 remains unchanged. We continue to expect on-algo delivery for revenue, earnings per share and cash flow. Note that these earnings per share include significantly higher costs related to cocoa for the second half, which is important to factor into half two models. This includes the upper end of our 3% to 5% range for organic net revenue, which considers the impact of completing price negotiations in Europe and plans to drive improvement enough to result in North America. Most of our key assumptions remain consistent with what we shared with you in our last call, with the exception of interest expenses, which is now estimated at $275 million for the full year. With that, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Good afternoon, everybody.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi, there. Maybe to start off, Dirk, last quarter I think you spoke about the need to offer better value to the consumer in parts of the North America segment. In 2Q, volume declines moderated in North America, as did the benefit from pricing. So how do you see the consumer situation in North America currently and do you see the need for a more aggressive price reset? And separately for you, Luca, volume and organic sales growth needs to accelerate sequentially to hit the upper end of the 3% to 5% range for the year in a still challenging environment while unchanged full year EPS guidance despite the 2Q beat implies a deceleration in the back half on EPS. And I was hoping you could bring us through some of the logic behind those dynamics, please.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay, I'll start first, Andrew. So as it relates to the consumer in the US, I would say there's sort of three key dynamics to keep in mind. First of all, the category remains soft but it is stabilizing. And I would say that the consumer is experiencing a tension because they see the overall inflationary picture. They see the food prices that have increased, and they have a feeling of less purchasing power. At the same time, particularly as they see grocery prices stabilizing and their wages being up about 4% while grocery prices are up 1%, they're starting to have bigger confidence than the same period last year, although these high prices remain a concern for them. And I would also say the other thing that we see in the category, while it's soft, as I said, the elasticities have stabilized since Q4 23. The second thing about the consumer is that they have changed where they shop. So the biscuit category is seeing the largest growth in chains like Value Club at Walmart, while in grocery we are seeing a share decline. And probably the most important thing we're seeing about the consumer is that the definition of value has changed for many people. Because if you look two, three years back, it was all about the price per pack, or in fact the unit price per cookie, and people were drifting more towards family and party sized pack and that benefited us. Now, particularly lower income consumers, they have moved to a basket size that they can afford and if the biscuit brand that they like can fit in there at the right price point, they will buy it. If not, they will not buy any biscuits. So these days we have to be much more aware at which price point we offer a pack. So what are we going to do? We don't think we need a full price reset. At the moment, our OI, our operating income, and our cash generation is strong. Our focus is largely on improving our sales and our share in a smart way. We have an opportunity to drive more distribution and displays. And so we need to keep on driving those two, particularly also featured displays. We are implementing new targeted promotions that are probably going to offer a little bit more price on brands like Chips Ahoy!, which is probably most affected by the -- sort of the hesitation from the lower income consumers. And then we will also launch a whole range of new smaller packs that will offer the consumer an opportunity to buy around $3 to $4 for the pack. And so we think that also will make a difference. So more promotions, smaller packs that we will offer, driving distribution, those are the solutions that we are planning for. We're already seeing benefits. Chips Ahoy! is recuperating quite nicely. Oreo and Ritz are increasing their market share. And on top of all that, we will have some very impactful activations. So we talked about Star Wars in the call here. There's another big one coming up, which I cannot yet announce, but we have some very strong activations on Oreo in the second half. All that together gives us the confidence that we will see a good second half in North America. Luca?
Luca Zaramella: So, for the first half, we are broadly where we would have expected to be, quite honestly. Revenue might be a little bit softer, but strong profit will allow us to reinvest into some selective additional activities in half two to deliver profitable volume growth. I think you rightly pointed out the implied top line growth for half two which current guidance requires an acceleration. And that hinges on three main drivers. The number one driver that will impact the most is Europe that will have to return to volume growth. With disruption behind us, we feel quite good about achieving that. The team in Europe has proven consistently that they can execute very well and plans are in place to activate around big key consumers' activities like back to school and Christmas. It is also important to remind ourselves that the trade stock pipeline is an opportunity in Europe as we had to pull back on shipments and so the piping the trade is a material opportunity and something that we are clearly already seeing in July. The second element is the US biscuit positive volume. I have to say the diagnostics around what is happening to the overall category and the share pressure that we see are clearly giving us an indication of what has to change. And we truly believe that hitting those price points is going to result in positive outcomes. And again, we start seeing some green shots in the category and in our brands. The third element is that while I do not like to talk much about lapping, last year for the second part of the year, we discontinued some product lines that were material in volume for the give and go business. And I think from now we will be comparing more to a clean base. And so I think that's the third element to bear in mind. I think all in all we have at this point, line of sight to the upper end of our revenue guidance for the year. As far as EPS goes, importantly, we have landed the price in line with our expectations. There might be more selective price that we will be doing in light of height and cocoa, but no major deviations are expected on this front. Our commodity cost for the year is almost 100% locked, so no surprises expected on that front either. As I mentioned a few times, just bear in mind that we bought cocoa quite well for this year and that year-to-date cocoa costs are meaningfully better than the 2024 average. So there is more cost coming in the second half [although] (ph) the EPS guidance being kept in line despite the very strong results here today. We will continue to invest in working media in line with the first part of the year, but we will also start optimizing as we discussed a few times the non-working media which is still an opportunity in this outlook. And finally, we will continue to pursue cost measures and productivity. So all in all, we believe reaffirming guidance is the right thing to do. And again, July is shaping up quite well for us at this point in time. But obviously, as I said, there is more work to do, particularly around the US consumption side.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. Dirk, I wanted to
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Ken.
Ken Goldman: Hi guys. I wanted to clarify a little bit about Europe. You talked about how completing your pricing actions helps position you well in terms of volume growth for the second half. I think you also mentioned that Europe elasticities, those still modest, are moving slightly higher. Excuse me. So I'm just curious if maybe we can elaborate a little bit on what drives your confidence in volume growth just given some of the pricing actions, what seemed to be tougher comparisons and that slightly higher elasticity that you mentioned, if I'm correct on all of those?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, yes. Well, first of all, the consumer, I would say, is cautiously optimistic. I would say in general we feel that the European consumer seems to be in a better place than the North American consumer. They see their incomes rise, the inflation is softening, they see quite stable employment, particularly in the UK is important for us in Europe and there the confidence which was relatively low last year is rising because they feel that their broader economy is doing better and they feel better about their personal finances. And then I would say France and Germany, the other two big countries, we have some mixed views across the economic indicators, but the confidence is also above last year. So, second thing is, yes, there is an uptick in elasticities and there is also more promotions, but I would say the elasticities remain quite modest. And there is a little bit of an increase in promo intensity. We are also seeing the same shift of people buying -- going from hypers and supers to discounters and then we see also these affordable packs at the right price point. So, similar movement as I was talking about in North America. If you look at Q2, our biscuits and baked snacks are already positive in Europe. They're growing their value at 2.8% and volume at 0.8%. In chocolate, we see a strong momentum with seasonal shapes. We also see tablets, bars, and pralines doing well. Back to school and Christmas, of course, in chocolate will be very important. We are continuing to watch the pricing impact. Overall, I would say if you exclude some of the disruption that we saw, the performance in Europe is quite solid. And since that disruption, the pricing has been implemented now, we feel that that solid underlying growth that we see there is going to continue in the second half. So we're expecting quite a good second half. I would also like to mention here that chocolate, despite already seeing quite a bit of prices, remains quite resilient. There's more to come. I've seen the cocoa situation. But overall, volume has been quite solid. We're also planning to continue to invest strongly. Our Easter was very strong, so we have high expectations for back to school and Christmas. And so overall, I would say that I would be surprised if the second half is not a good half for Europe.
Ken Goldman: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Alexia Howard of Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Good evening, everyone.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Alexia.
Luca Zaramella: Hi.
Alexia Howard: Hi there, So just a couple of quick ones. On the ERP transition, is that something that's going to be rolled out across different regions or is it something that's going to affect particular categories at a particular point? Should we be worried about the impact of that transition for 2025?
Luca Zaramella: So it is a program that will be completed over a four-year time frame. And the reason why that is, is a couple of things. One is we will use a staggered approach and we will be able to implement it in part of the business first and rolling off resources eventually from that part of the business and rolling on those resources into the next wave of countries that will be impacted. We will also make a big distinction between some modules of SAP versus others, so we will not necessarily take even by region a big bank approach. And we believe that the preparation we have been doing for the last, I would say, 18 months positions as well in terms of successful execution. So we have tried to minimize all potential issues by going broad in one region or by going broad in the world of SAP. And we believe, given also the resources we have internally, and importantly, the ones we have secure through SAP and Accenture, that we will have a good opportunity to execute as well.
Alexia Howard: Great. And then as a follow-up, I'm just curious about the long-term free cash flow guidance. It's been sitting, I think, at this $3 billion level for some time, even as your earnings growth has obviously played out quite nicely in recent years. You've obviously got guidance of $3.5 billion this year. What are the puts and takes or what are the criteria that you would use when you're thinking about whether that guidance of free cash flow could be raised at some point down the road?
Luca Zaramella: The answer is yes. We will have a couple of one-timers in the second part of the year and that is really what drives the $3.5 billion. But both last year where we had to pay some taxes related to coffee, and this year where we have a potential one-timer that we will be paying most likely off in August, I would say, if you strip those out that are clearly one-time impacts, I mean, our cash flow is running at $4 billion plus. So we feel quite good about it. Cash conversion cycle continues to be top notch. We continue to improve days outstanding and one of the reasons why we believe SAP and o9, which is the other platform around supply and demand planning that we are implementing with this ERP program is going to be beneficial to us is around inventory, which is an area that has material opportunities in it. So the answer is certainly we can strive for more than $4 billion on an ongoing basis.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Alexia.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good evening. I just wanted to come back to cocoa for a second. That slide you laid out is really helpful at the end of the presentation. I was wondering if you could give us a sense of how much you might be placing a bet on prices rolling over in September. Put a little differently, have you been securing for 25 kind of as normal, which I would roughly maybe put you at about half or a little bit more covered at this time of year? Or are you trying to position for a move that you see it sounds like you might expect to come a little bit later in the year?
Luca Zaramella: Yes, look, we believe there is going to be a correction. I mean even today if you take the stock price of today which is around about GBP6,500 per ton, and compare it to next year Q4, there is a gap of GBP2,200, which is clearly material. So the market, in light of the mid-crop, and importantly of the evolution of the main crop sees a clear adjustment of prices going forward. And I think there might be even more than this. Obviously, we are not going to go blind into 2025. We cannot wait and bet on the main crop to be good. And we have been certainly improving and increasing our physical coverage into 2025. We have around about one quarter of our positions into 2025 covered to futures. And you might imagine we have covered outer in the year to take advantage of this inverted curve, which means how big of a discount you get, the further you go out versus today's fault. The rest is covered through a series of derivatives that allow us to participate in a potential market correction. So at this point in time, whichever way you look at it, we have protection for the most part of our positions into 2025. And on the other side, we have secured also some physical forward positions that I believe will position as well compared to the market eventual cocoa price adjustments that might happen or not.
Michael Lavery: Okay, that's very helpful. And just following up on BISCOFF, it sounds like a very interesting partnership. Can you give a little better sense of maybe the structure? It sounds like it's not a JV, perhaps it's cross-licensing, maybe a little bit of just how it works, and then also kind of what its potential could be. Obviously at the moment it's initially going to be Europe and India, but could it go global? Are there reasons that it's got any geographic limitations?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So there's three main components to the partnership. The first one is that we're going to co-brand chocolate products with BISCOFF. And BISCOFF is not yet a very big brand in North America, but it's quite a big brand in Europe. It's one of the biggest biscuits brands, and it has a quite unique taste and also quite unique consumption moment. And the combination of a chocolate bar with BISCOFF filling or with pieces of BISCOFF in there is quite delicious. So that's the first one. To give you an idea, we already have a similar line which uses Oreo as the filling and we are talking about several hundred millions of sales in Europe for that line. So we have the same expectations for the BISCOFF line. And if that is a success in Europe, we will obviously want to extend that around the world into our other chocolate brands. And the first launch of this product will be in early 2025. And that will help us with excitement, building excitement around the chocolate market. Then secondly, BISCOFF is looking for global distribution, and there's certain countries where that is not easy to get. So we will manufacture, distribute and sell BISCOFF in India as a first country. It's going to start in the second half of 2025. It's very interesting for us because at the moment our biscuit business in India is really built around Oreo and this is going to give us a second big brand, very different from Oreo, very different audience, very different consumption moment, largely with coffee or tea in India. And so we think it's going to be an ideal complement to keep on building a strong biscuits business in India. And that clearly is a test to see if we would do other countries around the world. And so yeah, it's not a joint venture, it's a cross sort of licensing of our brands to each other.
Michael Lavery: Okay, that's really helpful. [indiscernible] Delta and people go crazy for them on there. So you've probably got at least a better head start in the US than you may know. But, Ill pass it on.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Okay.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll move next to Tom Palmer of Citi. Your line is open.
Tom Palmer: Hi, thanks for the question.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi.
Tom Palmer: I think a quarter ago, you talked about volume being a flattish year-over-year in 2024. I just wanted to confirm, is this still the expectation? And then any help as to how much maybe some of the more non-recurring items like the disruptions in Europe or the subsidy timing in Mexico might have weighed on volumes in the second quarter because so we could think about kind of an entry run rate at least for the third quarter?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. I think the expectation it is still around having a sort of flattish volume mix for the year and in terms of one-timers as I said, there is 1.3 points of expected -- of disruption that happened in Q2. The whole 4 points of volume mix in Europe are attributable to the consumer -- or the customer disruption, sorry. There is another component which is about the Middle East conflict that impacted on about 3 percentage points for the quarter. The other one, as I said, that you need to bear in mind, is the impact of give and go and this continuation that we had in Q4 last year. But also importantly, last year we had a carryover of the first half disruption in Europe into half two. And that was around about $100 million of revenue impact. So when you strip out all these impacts, you clearly see a much better linearity of the volume mix and revenue. And when you come to terms that the actions that the US is taking around consumers and packs, I think we have clearly an expectation that these improve volume mix in the second half and improve revenue in the second half.
Tom Palmer: Okay, thanks for that detail. And just on the A&C side, I know you talked about some meaningful step-ups here in the first half of the year. I think if we look at the timing of some of the step-ups last year, it was maybe a little bit second half weighted at least in terms of the dollar spend. Does that become maybe less of a headwind in terms of the year-over-year pressure as we think about the back half of the year in terms of the flow through to earnings?
Luca Zaramella: There might be a little bit of an upside in relation to the fact that, as we mentioned, we are taking a deeper look at all the non-working media part of A&C. I don't expect it to be material for the second part of the year. And importantly, we will continue still investing in our working media. So I don't expect a material upside in terms of P&L impact due to lower A&C in the second part of the year.
Tom Palmer: All right. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: You're welcome.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Peter Galbo of Bank of America.
Peter Galbo: Hey, Dirk, Luca. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Peter.
Peter Galbo: Hi. Luca, I was just wondering if you could maybe unpack the Mexico comments a bit more. I think we've heard kind of different things from different companies this quarter related to Mexico. Some have mentioned the subsidy timing that you called out. Others have seen maybe more of a normalization after such a strong kind of several years in Mexico. So just curious, A, if maybe there's a bit of both going on there at this point, or if truly you think that the subsidy piece was a blip and you've already seen a re-acceleration into July? Thanks very much.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, I mean, overall the market conditions in Mexico for us are healthy. For instance, the biscuits and the chocolate category both saw mid-single-digit increase in value. Gum and meals also performed quite well. I would say the economy is doing well. There is good employment. There was a lower flow because of the elections of public subsidies to the households that we think will start to normalize in H2. But in general, if you look at minimum wage has doubled in the last years in Mexico. So the overall climate is very positive as it relates to the consumer. If you look at the low single-digit Q2 growth that we had, that largely came from our candy and our chocolate business, which was offset by growth in gum and meals. And particularly in candy, we think that there probably our price points are a little bit too high. We will need to work on those. In chocolate, a little bit the same. And we need to make sure that we're well positioned for the Christmas season there. Again, gum and meals are doing very well, and also the biscuit growth for us was quite strong. The Oreo distribution, which is critical because of the Ricolino partnership that we have, is growing well, and Oreo is growing also in single digits in Mexico. So I would say the, I think that this effect of the subsidy certainly affected candy and chocolate. Overall, we remain quite positive. We think there will be a gradual recovery in H2. The long-term opportunity for growth remains quite significant. The integration with Ricolino is going well, and their route to market will enable us our ambition to grow market share, particularly for biscuits and chocolates. There's also a US business related to Ricolino, which of course is not the subject of the question, but that one also is important because it positions Ricolino as the leader of the Hispanic US candy market. But overall I would say I think it's a temporary issue driven by these subsidies. And in the second half I'm expecting to see a good recuperation in Mexico.
Peter Galbo: Great. Thanks, Dirk. That's helpful. And Luca, just maybe a quick one. We've had some questions come in. Obviously the kind of over-delivery on gross margin in the first half and I think that there was an expectation kind of coming out of the fourth quarter of this year that you'd be down -- gross margins kind of basis or more than basis points, actual points on a year-over-year basis as we exit 24 and just wanted to see if that's kind of still the expectation given the cocoa inflation in 2H. Thanks very much.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, I think, look, we moved away from giving guidance in terms of gross margin percentage. What I will tell you is we are going to have a year that is ahead in terms of gross profit dollar growth delivery compared to our usual algorithm. I think in the end, what will really matter is the amount of pricing we would have implemented and how much pricing we're going to take into next year in light of whatever cocoa is going to be come the end of 2024. So we are very happy. I have to be honest with the level of profitability we have achieved in the first part of the year. There, would have suggested, I believe, under normal circumstances that we have upside to the guidance we gave you. But reality is cocoa is a material headwind in the second part of the year. And the reality is we might have to selectively invest in some of the activities that you have been hearing throughout the call. It is not a massive investment. It doesn't take away that in terms of profitability and ability to reinvest in A&C, we have done, I believe, a very good job but we prefer maybe to be cautious around the level of profit going forward because again cocoa prices as we have secured them in the first part of the year are clearly much lower than the current spot price and 2025 price for cocoa would suggest.
Peter Galbo: Great. Thanks, guys.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take a question from Matt Smith, Stifel.
Matt Smith: Hi. Good afternoon. Just a quick...
Dirk Van de Put: Hi.
Matt Smith: I wanted to ask a question about the performance in India. You mentioned volumes are relatively flat in the market this quarter with a bit of a step-up in elasticity. Can you talk about how you're approaching distribution point opportunities in this type of consumer environment? You continue to see good progress on expanding your distribution in the market.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, yes. So in India, if I give you a little bit of a background, so we're looking at flat growth in Q2, mid-single-digit in H1. Chocolate growth is continuing well, a high single-digit, good gross margin improvement. Cadbury Dairy Milk continues to be a strong leader of the market despite the fact that we've already implemented some pricing. It's mainly in biscuits where India is being affected. So we have seen a consumption dip because there is more intense competition and consumers are clearly moving to lower price points. And our biscuit business is largely built around Oreo, which I would call a more premium biscuit in the Indian market. If I look at the stores, so since 2019, we've deployed more than 700,000 visi coolers. In 2023, we added 180,000 stores to our coverage and about 100,000 new visi coolers. In H1 in 24, we've already added another 140,000 stores and 90,000 visi coolers. So that's a very strong performance compared to 23. Still, if you take into account, there's 9 million food retail outlets. We now cover about 2.3 million directly and just over 3 million if we take our indirect coverage. So we still have a huge headroom. So I would say, yes, there is a bit of a slowdown after three years of inflation. A group of the consumers, particularly in biscuits, is a bit more careful in their consumption, but we don't see that as something that would slow down our focus on expanding our distribution. In India, we're going to continue to work as we've been working in the previous years, placing those visi coolers, driving our distribution, because we are very confident that gradually the consumer will start to buy Oreo again. And our chocolate business, as I mentioned, keeps on doing very well.
Matt Smith: Thank you, Dirk. I'll leave it there and pass it on.
Operator: This does conclude our question-and-answer session. I'm happy to return the call to Dirk Van de Put for any closing comments.
Dirk Van de Put: Well, I thank everybody for their attendance to the call. I would call it again a solid second quarter, and our expectations are for an improved H2 and looking forward to see you at the end of Q3.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect your lines. And everyone, have a great day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-30 17:00:00) =====
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. 
 Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website. 
 During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K, Q and 8-K filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. 
 As we discuss our results today, unless noted as reported, we'll be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures, which adjust for certain items included in our GAAP results. In addition, we provide our year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis, unless otherwise noted. You can find the comparable GAAP measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. 
 Today, Dirk will provide a business and strategy update, followed by a review of our financial results and outlook by Luca. We will close with Q&A. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Dirk. 
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Shep, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. I will start on Slide 4. 
 I'm pleased to share that 2024 is off to a solid start with strong profit delivery. We posted solid top line results in the first quarter, coupled with strong earnings and free cash flow generation. We continue to see momentum in emerging markets where consumer confidence remains strong and our categories remain resilient. There were a number of one-off factors that affected our sales in the quarter such as the disruption with some of our European clients and the boycott of Western products in the Middle East and Southeast Asia. 
 We delivered another quarter of strong gross profit dollar growth through ongoing cost discipline and sound pricing. And we also continued our track record of strong free cash flow generation of more than $1 billion this quarter. 
 To accelerate our strategy of global snacking leadership and drive sustainable long-term growth, we are continuing to invest significantly in our brands and capabilities, driving distribution gains and harnessing synergies from our recently acquired assets. 
 While our operating environment remains challenging and dynamic, our teams are focused and agile in dealing with the short term as well as executing against our long-term growth strategy. While surprising, but temporary, the cocoa inflation does not affect the fact that our categories remain durable and our growth opportunities remain sizable. 
 Turning to Slide 5. You can see that organic net revenue grew 4.2% this quarter with adjusted gross profit dollar growth of 11.6%, enabling us to continue investing in the business. 
 We continue to increase our A&C spending year-over-year in the high single digits, which is driving consumer and customer loyalty for our iconic global brands as well as our local jewels. 
 Adjusted EPS grew 16.3%, and we generated $1 billion in free cash flow. 
 While many food and beverage segments are showing softness so far this year, and I'm now on Slide 6, our core categories of chocolate, biscuit and baked snacks are still demonstrating relatively more resilience and lower elasticity than the broader food universe. 
 Consumer confidence varies by region with North America and Australia, New Zealand mixed, while Europe is improving and emerging markets remains strong. Shoppers in many markets are becoming increasingly sensitive to the absolute price point, driving them to choose smaller pack sizes in both biscuits and chocolate. And at the same time, consumers in our snacking categories remain very loyal to the brands they know and love. 
 In North America, we're seeing increased promotional intensity combined with a significant shift in sales to non-tracked channels, including club stores, dollar stores and emerging e-commerce platforms. Lower income consumers feel pressured, and we see that pressure weighing on their frequency in the category, especially among brands that skew more to that group. 
 In Europe, consumer confidence is stable. While volume growth has slowed, the chocolate and biscuit categories are holding better than the broader FMCG landscape, and we're hearing increased optimism about the go-forward economic outlook. 
 Emerging markets remain a strong growth driver, with consumer confidence driving resilient demand and low elasticity. Consumers in emerging markets are particularly interested in premium offers, enabling us to expand our range with new on-trend formats and pack sizes. 
 Turning to Slide 7. It is important to underscore that despite short-term marketplace volatility, we remain focused on advancing our long-term growth strategy by reinvesting in our brands and people, driving strong execution, reshaping our portfolio and scaling sustainable snacking. 
 We continue to increase our focus on our attractive and resilient core categories of chocolate, biscuits and baked snacks, and we remain on track to deliver 90% of revenue through these core categories by 2030. For example, we're investing significantly to support our Cadbury brand's 200th anniversary in the United Kingdom this year, with a multichannel consumer activation promoting the brand promise of generosity. At the same time, we're strengthening store availability, visibility and execution around the world. During the first quarter alone, we added around 100,000 directly served stores in emerging markets. 
 We are also harnessing the power of recent acquisitions by capturing synergies and driving growth. For example, we successfully completed a significant system integration in our Ricolino business this quarter, which boosts our ability to fully leverage the expanded routes to market in Mexico, particularly in the traditional trade. The combined Mondelez and Ricolino system paves the way for significantly expanded distribution in key categories, including chocolate. 
 Additionally, we are making continued progress on our environmental and social sustainability agenda. Just a few weeks ago, we earned validation for our net zero by 2050 road map from the Science-Based Targets initiative, demonstrating that we are on the right path towards combating climate change. We also delivered significant improvements in advancing our mindful snacking priorities, including enhancing nutrient and ingredient profiles, promoting active lifestyles, and empowering consumers to make more mindful eating choices. 
 I do encourage you to read our annual Snacking Made Right report, now available on our website, to learn more about our sustainability strategy and to review our full year sustainability performance data. 
 Before I turn the microphone over to Luca, on Slide 8, I'd like to spend a few minutes putting the recent headlines about cocoa prices and chocolates into perspective. We're playing for the long term in chocolate because it is fundamentally a great category, with very high brand loyalty and low private label penetration. And within this great category, our business is strong and agile. 
 Record costs for cocoa ingredients and the resulting current and future price increases for customers and consumers obviously are generating substantial discussion. Despite this near-term headwind, chocolate volume continues to grow. And within this growing category, we remain structurally advantaged with large opportunities still ahead. 
 We are confident in our chocolate business for 4 main reasons: our cocoa coverage strategies, our approach to pricing, our supply chain, and our iconic brands. 
 First, it is important to underscore that our coverage strategies have proven advantage versus market dynamics in the last few months. We are fully covered for 2024 and well protected heading into 2025. Our teams continue to monitor the market very closely to put ourselves in the best position possible. While poor weather and other factors on the supply and demand side have driven prices to unprecedented levels, we believe there will eventually be a market adjustment. We are confident that our teams are putting in place the right strategies to provide future flexibility. Luca will provide some additional details in a few minutes. 
 Second, we continue to implement sound pricing strategies, including both headline pricing and revenue growth management. We remain agile in balancing the need to offset inflation with the need to maintain solid volume dynamics. We are especially focused on protecting critical price points, including low unit price and other key threshold prices. 
 Third, we remain confident in our supply chain. Continuity remains our top priority, and we are confident in both our own team and our partners with robust work streams to minimize the risk. 
 Finally, and perhaps most importantly, we have some of the strongest, most iconic chocolate brands in the world, including Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka, Cte d'Or, Marabou, Freia and Lacta, to name a few. These brands already are the leaders in numerous key markets, and we are well positioned to accelerate growth in emerging markets. 
 Our research shows that consumers remain extremely loyal to our great brands because chocolate plays an important role in their lives, helping to bring families together, celebrate key milestones and to enjoy some quiet me-time. In our annual State of Snacking survey conducted in partnership with The Harris Poll, 72% of consumers across 12 countries said that a world without chocolate would be a world without joy. Nearly 60% said that they would rather give up social media for a month than give up chocolate. Our iconic portfolio, strong brand loyalty and advantaged geographic footprint make us particularly well positioned to take advantage of these consumer trends. 
 In summary, we're confident that we are well equipped to navigate a relatively short-term headwind and that we're structurally advantaged to accelerate long-term growth in this category. 
 With that, I'll turn it over to Luca to share additional insights on our financials. 
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk, and good afternoon. Q1 marked a solid quarter for our business, with organic revenue growth across each region, strong profit dollar growth, substantial investment into A&C and great free cash flow generation. 
 Revenue grew 4.2% with strong pricing execution. Volume/mix was varied for the quarter, with emerging markets flat despite being impacted by some political unrest in the Middle East and some production slowdowns in Mexico related to Ricolino being integrated into SAP. We expect both issues to subside throughout the year, and specifically Ricolino is almost back on track. On the other side, developed market volume/mix was down 3.6% for the quarter, being impacted mostly by Europe customer disruption and the U.S. biscuit market softness. 
 On the customer front in Europe, we are happy to report that about 90% of the pricing is now implemented. One relevant customer alliance is still pending. 
 Total revenue for emerging markets grew plus 8.3%, underpinned by strength across a number of key markets. While developed markets grew 1.4%, with solid results from Europe despite customer disruption and strength from our North America growth channels and Canada. 
 Moving to portfolio performance on Slide 11. Biscuits and baked snacks grew 0.6% for the quarter. A number of brands delivered solid growth, including OREO, Ritz, Perk and 7Days. On the flip side, we have seen ongoing softness in U.S. biscuits driven primarily by brands that had higher penetration among lower-income households such as Chips Ahoy! This dynamic has impacted frequency and contributed to the decline in volume/mix. 
 Chocolate grew 5.8% with significant growth across both developed and emerging markets. Vol/mix was down 1.6% driven by customer disruption in Europe. Cadbury Dairy Milk posted strong growth, while we saw solid increases from Milka despite customer disruption. There is an element of Easter timing in these results, but we believe it to be immaterial. We also delivered solid growth with several of our local jewels, including Lacta in Brazil, Freia in Norway, Marabou in Sweden, and Hu in the U.S. 
 Gum and candy grew 12.9% driven by continued momentum and strength in key markets, including China, Mexico and Western Andean. 
 Let's review market share performance on Slide 12. We held or gained share in 40% of our revenue base with strength in chocolate as well as in gum and candy. This trend was offset by softer results in our U.S. biscuits business. 
 Turning to regional performance on Slide 13. Europe grew 4.4% in Q1. Execution was strong in the quarter, with a number of key countries delivering strong growth through solid pricing and excellent Easter execution, which led to share gains. This trend was partially offset by volume declines associated with expected customer disruption, while dollars were up more than 20% and including significant A&C investments. We have now landed the vast majority of pricing in Europe. One customer alliance is still ongoing, which will cause some additional disruption in Q2, but the business remains in line with our expectations. 
 North America grew 1.3% against an exceptionally strong compare of more than 16% in Q1 last year. Growth channels, including club and e-commerce and Canada, delivered strong results. However, overall volume/mix declined as a result of ongoing softness in food and mass. This softness has been consistent with the overall market and driven primarily by less frequency from lower income households. We are working to ensure our offers and activations continue to provide value to this consumer's cohort. And we continue to build that into our plans moving forward. We remain encouraged by our activation plans in key products such as OREO, TDP expansion and growth channels as we move through the year. North America OI increased by 2.1%. 
 AMEA grew 5.9% for the quarter. China delivered another strong quarter with low double-digit growth fueled by initiatives to enhance brand equity in OREO, Chips Ahoy! and Stride. India grew high single digits driven by continued strength in chocolate and distribution gains. While Australia, New Zealand and Japan also delivered a robust quarter for growth, coupled with strong share gains. Like last quarter, volume cost in the Middle East and Southeast Asia impacted results. We believe this dynamic will begin to moderate in the second quarter and the remainder of the year. AMEA increased OI dollars by 20.2%, continuing a strong track record of top and bottom line growth. 
 Latin America grew 7.1% with strong price execution and a slight volume/mix decline of minus 1.2%. It's important to note that Argentina is now capped at 26%. And this is not reflected in the base year comparison for Latin America. Argentina contributed more than 11 points to Latin America growth in Q1 '23 but only 1.8 points in Q1 '24. So we expect the underlying growth rate in Lat Am to appear understated for this year. Having said that, reported dollars growth continue to be strong for this segment. Volume/mix was softer in the quarter primarily due to some product availability in Mexico associated with the Ricolino that resulted in some production temporary slowdowns. These issues are mostly behind us, but we're still working to rebuild inventory. 
 Consumer confidence and demand in Mexico remains quite robust, and we expect to see improved volumes as supply chain catches up as Q2 progresses. Brazil, WACOM continued to be strong, both in terms of volume/mix and revenue, while Argentina is impacted by unprecedented inflation and subsequent pricing and volume softness. Latin America delivered OI growth of more than 33%. Strong pricing and the continuation of gum and candy momentum drove these results.
 Turning to Page 14. In Q1, we saw strong double-digit OI and gross profit dollar growth of more than $380 million driven by top line strength and ongoing cost efficiency. It is important to note that the impact of cost inflation will be a more significant headwind in the remaining quarters than what we saw in Q1 as a result of our favorable cocoa pipeline compared to the current market prices.
 Next, to EPS on Slide 15. Q1 EPS grew more than 16% in constant currency. Most of this growth was driven by operating gains. And despite some currency headwinds, we grew adjusted EPS as reported ForEx by 10.5%.
 Turning to Slide 16 and cash flow. We delivered $1 billion of free cash flow for the quarter. We also repurchased $600 million in stock during the quarter. We will continue to remain opportunistic for the remainder of the year as it relates to share buybacks. Our balance sheet also remains strong as leverage ended at about 2.5x.
 Before moving to our outlook, let me take a moment to discuss cocoa on Slide 18. First, our coverage strategies have proven advantageous versus market dynamics in the last few months. We are fully covered for '24 and also for a portion of half 1 2025. Typically, we are covered for 12-plus months, but given recent volatility, we have remained slightly shorter in duration.
 Our teams continue to monitor the market very closely to put ourselves in the best position possible. It is obvious that the series of conditions of both supply and demand side have driven costs up at unprecedented levels. We believe there will eventually be a market adjustment. And while we want to protect ourselves, we are putting in place flexible structures that will allow us to participate to potential upside versus current historically high prices. 
 On the other side, we continue to execute against our pricing strategies to offset input cost inflation using both the landed price and revenue growth management. Chocolate has shown strong growth over the past several years with very durable volume and elasticity despite significant pricing, particularly as we have some of the strongest brands in the category. However, we will remain agile in our approach to pricing in order to balance the need to offset inflation with the need to maintain solid volume dynamics. This means we will protect critical price points such as low unit price and key thresholds across our footprint.
 We also remain confident in our supply chain. Supply chain remains priority 1. And we are confident in our supply chain and that of our partners with ongoing work streams to minimize risks.
 Turning to our outlook on Slide 19. Our outlook for 2024 remains unchanged. We continue to expect on-algo delivery for revenue, earnings per share and cash flow. This includes the upper end of our 3% to 5% range for organic net revenue growth, which continues to factor in ongoing customer disruption in Europe and softer growth in parts of the U.S.
 Most of our key assumptions remain consistent with what we shared with you in our last call. We continue to expect a high single-digit inflation in '24. Although the vast majority of pricing has been landed in Europe, we continue to expect some level of customer disruption in Q2 associated with our annual price negotiation process.
 Interest expense is now expected to be approximately $300 million for the year. We are expecting $0.10 of EPS headwinds related to ForEx impact.
 In terms of tax rate, we continue to expect an adjusted effective tax rate in the mid-20s. Share repurchase is expected to be $2 billion with an opportunistic approach.
 With that, let's open the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. 
Kenneth Goldman: You highlighted a few of the challenges in North America at the moment. Just as we think about the path ahead maybe, how are you considering some of the more important actions that can be taken to protect share, maybe in light of some of the challenges at the lower end consumer and also given your comments about globally sort of protecting some of the price points that are out there? I'm just trying to get a sense for the tactics that might be implemented. 
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, Ken. I mean you see that the category is slowing down and that we are losing a little bit of share. I think everybody knows that the consumer is sort of seeing a number of things: the persistent inflation, there is the high interest rate, there is the loss of the SNAP, and there's also the recent not-so-great job market. So consumer confidence, which was so and so up to today, I think now we just learned that it took a real dive this month. 
 We see in our categories, the elasticity is really going up. Penetration is still pretty good, but people are much more cautious about price points. The frequency is coming down, particularly with the lower income consumers and particularly the brands that are important for them. Like Chips Ahoy!, we can see that they're losing some market share to private label. There is, as I just said, some trade-down to private label.
 And then another thing to keep in mind is that there's some big channel shifts taking place to club or online or into the value channel. So what are we doing about it? The first thing is that we, last year, didn't have a great performance in TDP. So going forward, we are increasing our TDPs, which will help our volumes going forward and our market share. For those lower income consumers who are buying very carefully and evaluating very carefully when and what and at which price they buy, we will need to become more agile in the promo mechanisms that we will play out, and we're working hard on finding what works best for us. And this is kind of different, brand by brand and largely talking about what we do on our base packs here. 
 We will continue to invest in our brands because we increased prices also in March, so we will increase our investment. We are launching a number of special packs, a number of additional multipacks. But also, for instance, in CLIF, we are reducing the size of our multipacks from 6 to 5 or from 12 to 10 units in a multipack, which will help the price points we're selling it. And so that gives you a little bit of an idea of what we are planning to do going forward. We assume that in the second half of the year, the consumers will have a better confidence and that we will see gradually the volume and the market shares to come back. 
Kenneth Goldman: Great. And then, Luca, as we look at the remainder of the year, especially just modeling 2Q in particular, are there any unusual puts and takes that maybe aren't fully or properly factored into Street forecast? Anything we should be more considerate of that maybe we're not yet? 
Luca Zaramella: I don't think that's necessarily the case, Ken. I mean we feel good about reaffirming at this point our original guidance for 2024. And while it is true that the biscuit category in the U.S. is a little bit softer, we are overall happy with most of the dynamics we see around the world. Importantly, for us, Chinese New Year and Easter were quite good. And these are critical consumption events for us, but you should expect categories to continue their trends into Q2 and the latter part of the year.
 I want to spend a minute talking about pricing. We are at this point, in total, where we should be. We have implemented the price that we targeted everywhere, including Europe. We still have one main customer to finalize in Europe, which is leading to some disruption in Q2. So you should expect that. But overall, in terms of pricing, we are where we had anticipated to be by now. Inflation is, in total, in line with what we expected. And by now, we have locked cocoa for the entirety of 2024. So we have quite a good visibility on cost. I would have a special call-out here because cocoa costs will escalate throughout the year, particularly in the second half. The acquisitions, we started a little bit softer than expected, particularly in CLIF, and I called out some temporary issues in Ricolino, but you should see a sequential improvement throughout the year.
 Maybe another couple of points to bear in mind. Elasticities are planned in line with what we have seen in Q1, but we might see a little bit of an uptick, particularly in chocolate. But as we mentioned a few times, we will continue to support our brands. And we will not vacate critical price points, particularly in emerging markets. And we have planned for the same type of softness that we have seen in Q1 as far as the biscuit category goes. But we would expect our share to improve over time as we are revisiting some of the promo mechanics, particularly around brands like Chips Ahoy!. I mentioned that Ricolino is already recovering. So we should see good growth in Latin America going forward. 
 And finally, as far as earnings call, we continue to make progress in removing stranded costs related to the gum business. So I don't expect any particular change in dynamics into Q2 specifically, but we should see, particularly on volume, some sequential improvement as we go through the year, as we land some of the price negotiations, particularly in Europe. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. 
Bryan Spillane: So my first question is just can you give us a little bit more color or perspective on emerging markets? I mean you talked about in the prepared remarks how the elasticities have been pretty good, considering how much pricing. So I guess, as we're thinking about balance of the year and just contribution to growth in the back half of the year, just if you can give us a little bit more color on emerging markets and how we should be thinking about that. 
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, just to situate, about 40% of our sales growth in emerging markets was about 8% in Q1. We are seeing growth in reported dollars, top and bottom line, so solid, robust performance.
 If I look at the different markets, China, we had low double-digit growth with strong share gains. You know that China for us is a combination of selling more in the stores where we already are but also a big drive in distribution. That will continue for the rest of the year. And we expect that China will be strong. India, we had high single digits. Same sort of dynamics, continue to increase our share in the market and increasing our distribution. India probably won't show the same amount of growth that we've seen in previous years, we expect a bit of a slowdown there, but still expecting a positive year in India.
 Then Mexico, Luca already commented, Mexico was low single digits driven by some issues with the system implementation in merging Ricolino with our business, but we are gaining shares. Our offtake is good. We had some issues in supplying the market. And now that the system is done, we will really start to work that route to market expansion. So we're expecting, once we get through these short-term issues, that we will see some strong growth in Mexico. And then Brazil was mid-single digits, gaining share, a pretty good gain in distribution, price points are a bit of a discussion there. But we also expect Brazil to look pretty good.
 So in the 4 biggest emerging markets for us, we feel pretty good about where they are and what we expect for the rest of the year. There are some watch-outs. There is inflationary pressure in Nigeria, Pakistan, Egypt. In the Middle East and Southeast Asia, we have the boycotts of Western products that are affecting us. So not everything is great. But we do believe that emerging markets this year will be giving us sustainable growth. We will get back to volume growth. We feel that the low category penetration that we have and the distribution opportunity that we have will drive this.
 I think we are also gradually getting into the adjacencies. And we are able at this stage to continue our virtuous investment cycle where we continue to increase our investment every year. We get good growth. We generate more margin and the year after, we increase our investment. So overall, it's not going to be an incredible year in emerging markets, but it's going to be a very solid year for us in emerging markets. 
Bryan Spillane: And Luca, just one quick one on cocoa. I know here, our trading desk kind of has a view that we might be closer to $5,000 by the end of the year. So I guess, to the extent that there's an expectation that cocoa prices come down, does it pay for you to just sort of wait to hedge? I guess it's kind of like shorting cocoa. But just I think last year, you might have held out until the middle of the year before you started locking in. Just kind of curious how we should be thinking about and observing what you may be doing to start thinking about cocoa in '25? 
Luca Zaramella: That's a very good question. So we truly believe that current cocoa prices are the results of a series of accidental circumstances that over time, we believe, should go away. I think you all know that the main crop last year was problematic. But as you might have read from multiple sources, the mid-crop is already looking much better. But also on the other side, on the demand side, the industry went a little bit shorter than usual on coverage and now, by out of necessity to replenish minimum stocks, really provide support to the current high prices. I think in this context, we truly believe that the current market structure does not warrant the current market prices. And so the question becomes when is the correction going to take place. And most likely, the answer is in September, October as the data for the new crop becomes available.
 We cannot stay still until then. We will have to protect ourselves. But our implementation strategy for 2025 is around flexibility. And so we are putting in place very flexible structures, namely pure vanilla call options. We bought a few where price of those options was very affordable, I would say, particularly in light of today's prices. But we are putting in place multiple structures that would allow us to participate in a potential market correction.
 So you're absolutely right. We believe the market is overreacting. The current prices are not sustainable. And should the correction happen, which we expect towards the end of Q3, most likely, we will be ready to take advantage of lower prices. Now I don't want to give you the false impression that we are not going to have inflation in cocoa in '25 because reality is, in 2024, we are covered at materially better prices than current market. So you might want to take a look at the total mark-to-market in the noncash to adjusted GAAP results. 
Bryan Spillane: Yes. Appreciate that. Yes, we were looking at that. Actually, Pete Galbo pointed out to me just how big the gain was, so definitely, I get that piece. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. 
Robert Moskow: I guess one of the more pleasant surprises is that European chocolate retail data looks very, very strong. The elasticity looks de minimis. And I want to know if you think that will help in your negotiations with retailers heading into 2025. Are the retailers happy with how the category is performing, how the consumer is handling the pricing so far? Does that help at all? 
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So of course, it does help in the sense that so far, the elasticity is relatively benign. We've got a good performance. Despite some disruptions, growth has been solid, I would say, and we have increased our market share. We do have to take into account that Easter came earlier. We had a very strong Easter from our side, but it came early. So some of the numbers you're seeing are influenced versus last year, we didn't have an earlier Easter. But overall, I would say that this certainly is better than you would have expected. 
 It shouldn't be a surprise in a way because we know that the chocolate market can be very resilient. We also are continuing to invest quite heavily. And consumer confidence in Europe, I would say, is stable. There is some uptick in elasticity. But overall, it's is better than you would have expected and maybe even a little bit more positive than what we currently are seeing in U.S. Going forward, I think it helps to see a strong category that we are performing well. Of course, the retailers see the cocoa pricing as well as we do. So it will help the discussions going forward. I wouldn't say that it's going to be simple, but there will be an understanding that if cocoa prices remain relatively high, that there will need to be more price increases that need to be implemented. And I think we're helped by the data that we can provide.
 And we also have to see what's going to happen with elasticity going forward as the new chocolate prices get implemented because when you have seasonal like Easter, the consumer not necessarily is fully aware of the price difference. When they start to see their tablet now in the normal shelf, that's when they will fully realize elasticity. So we will need to see where that is heading. But overall, yes, very positive on what is going on with chocolate in Europe. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. 
Stephen Robert Powers: Great. I want to talk a bit of about the gross margin. I thought coming into this year, you actually expected the gross margin to start out slower in the first quarter and actually sort of improved year-over-year as we went into the year. It seems like we're setting up for a different, maybe an opposite, dynamic. So maybe you could just expand on what drove the gross margin higher this quarter and then how you expect the cadence of gross margin to evolve over the course of the year. 
Luca Zaramella: Yes. So as I said, both in the prepared remarks and in my first answer to Ken's question, we are very happy with the level of pricing we have taken so far. And so we are absolutely on plan. On the cost side, I commented about the fact that the cocoa price escalation will be more visible in the second part of the year. So I'm not sure you will continue seeing the type of gross profit dollar expansion and gross margin that you saw in Q1 into the second half because the cocoa prices will hit a little bit harder particularly in Q4.
 So I wouldn't read too much into that. I think the way you have to think about it is, are we happy with expanding gross profit dollars almost 12%? Absolutely. Are we happy with the reported dollar gross profit that we see? Absolutely. We are pricing in a very disciplined manner around the world. We are doing RGMs. So that is bearing its fruit. But you're going to see some compression, particularly in Q4. So don't expect like 2.5 points of gross profit expansion from now to the end of the year for sure. 
Stephen Robert Powers: Yes. Okay. Very good. And actually, Dirk, if I could build on your comments just a minute ago on Europe. I'm curious, I mean, understanding that the retail negotiations have gone maybe a little bit better than you had originally assumed, but it seems like demand, as you say, is stable, maybe a little bit better than expected, I guess is it better than you would have expected? And if so, how does that influence your plans for the balance of the year? Are you leaning in a bit harder into Europe to take advantage of those better conditions? 
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. I would say, first of all, as it relates to the client negotiations, they largely are going exactly as we would have expected. As we knew that we had increased prices, we foresee that in our forecast for the year. And at the moment, it's playing out as expected. As Luca mentioned, there's still one buying group that we need to finish. Hopefully, we will do that in the coming weeks. And then we should be done for a while.
 As it relates to the current situation in Europe, obviously, there will be a recuperation because we have not been delivering for a while with some clients. And as we get agreements, we start to fill the pipeline again. So that will help us. But overall, I would say that we are not expecting to see for the full year a big difference in our European performance. We're not expecting to see an upside. We are convinced that we have more stability, we feel more assured about delivering what we are expecting to deliver in Europe, but we're not counting yet on an upside for the year. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
 Our next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities. 
Christopher Carey: Dirk, in the comments that you made around the consumer in North America, elasticity is picking up a little bit and some expectations into Q2 and the back half of the year. I guess I'm just trying to understand a couple of things. First, in Q1, is there anything within the portfolio that you would deem not elasticity related? You mentioned some competitive activity in CLIF that you're going to be responding to. Say, anything competitively or fundamentally that you would point to that you would see improving into Q2 where it gives you a little bit of confidence in North America?
 And then the second thing would just be regarding the consumer into the back half of the year. Did I catch you right that there's an expectation that the consumer in North America gets a little bit better and that your volume trends as such should improve sequentially? So perhaps just any help on portfolio dynamics in the quarter and also just, I guess, more like the macro and the consumer. 
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, I would say that if you look at the market share evolution, the brand that's most affected is Chips Ahoy!, and Chips Ahoy! is the most susceptible to private label. And OREO or a belVita are gaining market share. And so I would say if there's anything that's pointing -- I wouldn't call it necessarily not susceptible to elasticity. We see some elasticity on those brands, too. But overall, the activations that we have and the interest we're getting from the consumer on those 2 brands offset the elasticity effect that we're having.
 As it relates to what we need to do going forward, it's largely now trying to figure out in which way can we get the frequency, particularly from the lower income consumer that we would like to see. So price points certainly play a role, and we will need to work short term with promotions; longer term, probably working on the size of our packs to make sure that we hit those right price points. Because if we see anything in the elasticity, it is that we have surpassed certain price points and that is having a big effect.
 Now I would say that movement is happening already. So that's what we gradually will expect to improve in the coming months, i.e., that our promotional and pricing strategy gets better, that we understand better how to get the frequency and the volume from the consumer. I'm also expecting that the overall consumer confidence in the second half of the year will improve. That will have an effect for us. There is a lapping effect. Last year, we had 16% growth in North America. Of course, that plays a role. The lapping later in the year will be easier. Those are the things that I would see that make me believe that the second half of the year will look better for us in North America. 
Christopher Carey: Okay. One quick follow-up on cocoa. Luca, you gave a lot of helpful commentary around some of the things that you're going to be doing or are doing now contractually and you also have an expectation in September and October. I guess the question is, what if cocoa sustains these really high levels and we don't see the fundamental break expected going into next year, is it still appropriate to think about pricing as the core mechanism to cover the inflation? Or given the lead time that you have to prepare, maybe there are other alternatives like accelerated savings, RGM, the sorts of things that you can do when you have many months to prepare for such cycles, if indeed, you believe that the cocoa prices at some point will eventually break. So it's just more game theory, but any context on that would be helpful. 
Luca Zaramella: Yes, I believe it's absolutely critical for us to get ready for potentially cocoa staying at these levels. I just want, though, to call out one thing, which is the forward curve for cocoa is heavily inverted. And that means in general that even today, we could potentially get physical coverage into '25 but at cheaper prices than the current spot price that we see today. But rest assured that as a company, we are looking at all possible scenarios. And as a matter of fact, we are taking a fresher look at some of the costs we have, making sure that we try to understand the level of flexibility that we have. We are looking thoroughly into additional RGM. 
 We will stay absolutely true to the concept of protecting price point, particularly in emerging markets. We are not going to move the LUP, low unit price, points in India, for instance. But we will be looking into potential RGM in terms of promo, in terms of downsizing, et cetera, so to say that we will have to make sure that elasticity stays in control. In the end, we are going to be managing '25 in light of what we think a more plausible cocoa level is, despite the fact that it might still be very high because we fundamentally believe that in a couple of years' time, tops, the cocoa price will correct. And at that point in time, we will have to have retained our volume, our share, our competitive advantage both in developed and in emerging markets. And that's the way we are looking at these.
 But rest assured, we are looking at all possible scenarios, and we're going to be sitting down soon with the teams to make sure that we put in place already all the possible actions that would allow us to go through a potential worst-case scenario in 2025. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. 
Robert Dickerson: Can you hear me? 
Luca Zaramella: Yes. 
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. 
Robert Dickerson: Sorry about that. So just one quick one on cocoa again, Luca. Just in terms of your comments around maybe the mid-crop coming in a little bit better, your kind of expectation, maybe things could ease and improve a little bit kind of in the almost pre-main crop period. I mean kind of what you're saying is just the expectation here is that supply should be up, right? I mean we're clearly running at a deficit, but then we should assume that supply should be up in the next main crop. Is that fair? 
Luca Zaramella: Yes, I think that's fair. I mean when you look closely at the numbers, Ivory Coast and Ghana, the main crop was down year-on-year about 20%. The total cocoa supply was positive as it were. In total, it was down minus 10%. Do I expect the main crop to be down 20% in Africa or 10% in total again? I don't think that's a plausible scenario at this point in time. But as I said, we will know more as we get closer to the main crop. But fundamentally, nothing has really happened that structurally impairs the production capability of Africa specifically to that level. So yes, I'm hopeful that there will be a better main crop, and I think you will see prices for cocoa adjusting.
 Having said that, we are looking into all possible scenarios, and we're going to be implementing some opportunities that we see before year-end. But we'll have to wait for us to be able to tell you what those are. And I think as we move throughout the year, we'll keep you updated on what we see for cocoa into 2025. 
Robert Dickerson: All right, lovely. And then just quickly on the top line, I think originally, Q1, you had said, might be below the algo for the year just kind of given some of the European disruption. But I think Europe did better than we all probably saw it. North America is a bit softer. So I'm just curious, are you still thinking there could be slightly positive volume/mix for the company for the year and then I think you also said likely for each of the segments once we x out some of the European disruptions? And then lastly, I think you had also originally said it was probably more high end than the 3% to 5% sales growth, so just curious on the volume piece and then if you're still at the high end. 
Luca Zaramella: Look, the volume piece is we expect volume to be flattish for the year. Reality is, as we gave guidance, we had a little bit of headroom, as you might expect. I think that headroom is still, for the most part, there. We'll have to see how a couple of ticket items play out for the remainder of the year, particularly the boycott in AMEA as it relates to some of our brands, how will that play out in the quarters to come. 
 And the other thing is the share recovery, particularly in the U.S. I feel confident about the plans that the U.S. is putting in place. I think we are moving a little bit the price point of Chips Ahoy!, and that would allow us to recuperate share and volume. And Chips Ahoy! is the #1 driver of the volume declines that you see in the North American segment. But then we will have to see how elasticity plays out as well.
 I feel quite good about the Latin American business. As I called out, I think 3 out of the 4 business units, and the only one that is declining in volume in real terms, is Argentina. But the other 3 are doing quite well. We feel good about China. I think India, we're going to see some slowdowns. But all in all, it should be fine. And then I could go around the globe and tell you that reality is once we land the final customer in Europe, we hopefully see some reviving of the trade stock. And hopefully, the chocolate market will continue displaying acceptable elasticity. So a long answer to say expect flattish volume, but in reality, there are some puts and takes and we want to keep some flexibility within the plan. 
Operator: And this does conclude our Q&A segment. I will turn the call to our speakers for any closing comments. 
Dirk Van de Put: Well, thank you for assisting in the call. I will conclude with saying that we had a solid first quarter, and we feel confident for the rest of the year that we will have an on-algorithm year. And looking forward, if you have any questions, our IR department will be happy to help you. And looking forward to see you next quarter for the results that we have then. Thank you. 
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, everyone. 
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Mondelez International Fourth Quarter 2023 and Year-End Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van De Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K, Q and 8-K filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. As we discuss our results today, unless noted as reported, we'll be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures, which adjust for certain items included in our GAAP results. In addition, we provide our year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis, unless otherwise noted. You can find the comparable GAAP measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. Today, Dirk will provide a business and strategy update followed by a review of our financial results and outlook by Luca. We will close with Q&A. I'll now turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van De Put: Thanks, Shep, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. I will start on slide four. I'm pleased to share that we delivered our best year ever in 2023, with robust top-line growth, continued share improvements, record profit dollar growth and strong total shareholder return. Our double-digit top-line performance was driven by strong pricing execution and positive volume mix growth. We also delivered continued share improvements as consumers across the globe remain very engaged with our iconic snacking brands. We set another record for gross profit dollar growth achieving $2.2 billion through ongoing cost discipline and sound pricing to offset cost inflation, as well as volume leverage. We continued our track record of strong free cash flow, generating $3.6 billion. To accelerate our strategy of global snacking leadership, we continue to invest significantly in our brands and capabilities, driving multi-year growth on both the top and bottom lines. I'm especially proud of our record financial results, as well as returning nearly $4 billion in capital to shareholders. These results deepen our confidence that the strength of our brands, our proven strategy, our continued and increasing investments, and especially our great people, position us well to achieve our long-term financial targets in 2024 and beyond. Turning to slide five, you can see that 2023 was a strong year on both the top and bottom lines with substantial reinvestment to drive continued growth in the year ahead. Organic net revenue grew 14.7% or $4.6 billion versus prior year. Our continuing solid performance in volume mix demonstrates that consumers continue to prioritize our brands and categories. We also delivered record adjusted gross profit dollar growth of $2.2 billion, up 18.8%, significantly lapping the last several years. We are proud of our team's continued focus and commitment, which enables us to continue investing in the business to drive further sustained growth. Accordingly, we increased A&C investments by more than 21%, helping to drive consumer and customer loyalty to both our iconic global brands and our local jewels, which represent the taste of the nation in their markets. These results translated into strong OI growth of nearly $1 billion, up more than 19% versus prior years. Adjusted EPS grew 19% on top of strong growth in the past several years. All told, we remain confident that our virtuous cycle of strong gross profit dollar growth, fueling local first commercial execution, and increasing investments in our strong brands, capabilities and talent will enable us to continue delivering attractive, sustainable growth. I'm especially proud to share that we continue to outperform our peers in total shareholder return. As you can see on slide six, our five-year TSR is nearly double the average of our peer group. Our one-year return is particularly impressive with Mondelez delivering double-digit growth, while our peer average return has fallen into negative territory. We view these results as evidence that we have the right strategy, the right brands, and the right people to continue delivering long-term value for our stakeholders. Switching to slide seven. Our performance in 2023 gives us confidence that we have not only the right growth strategy, but also the right execution to deliver it. Here are just a few highlights of our strategy in action. Our biggest global brands, Oreo, Milka, and Cadbury achieved more than $10 billion in global net revenues. We continue accelerating our focus on our core categories for chocolate, biscuits and baked snacks, because these categories offer attractive growth and profitability. We remain on track to deliver 90% of our revenue through these core categories. We also continue to make strong progress in executing our growth strategy. Our U.S. supply chain has stabilized and we have added more than 600,000 stores to our emerging market distribution channels. Additionally, we continue to advance our portfolio reshaping strategy. In 2023, we integrated Clif Bar and Ricolino, now we are harnessing the power of these recent acquisitions to strengthen our presence in the global snack bar and the Mexican chocolate and candy segments. We also completed the sale of our developed market gum business for $1.4 billion, providing another important source of reinvestment to further advance our brands, talents and capabilities. On slide eight, along with our financial performance, I'm pleased to share that we made significant progress toward our sustainability goals and targets in 2023. First, we continue to advance our leadership in more sustainably sourced critical ingredients. About 80% of the cocoa volume used in our chocolate brands is sourced through Cocoa Life, our signature cocoa sourcing program. There works just to lift up the people and restore landscapes where cocoa grows. We also made continued progress in helping to combat climate change. We achieved an important milestone in 2023 by submitting our roadmap to achieve net zero by 2050 through the Science Based Targets Initiative. Additionally, we continued advancing our light and right packaging strategy. More than 97% of our packaging now is designed to be recycled. We also continue investing in ways to empower consumers to make more mindful snacking choices that fit into their healthy active lifestyles. More than 55% of our snacks revenue comes from Mindful Portion Snacks, that is, snacks that are packaged in individually wrapped Mindful Portion serving sizes or with clear Mindful Portion recommendations unpack. These are just a few highlights of our continuing progress towards building a more sustainable snacking company. We continue to believe that helping to drive positive change at scale is an integral part of value creation, with positive returns for our stakeholders. We encourage you to watch our annual Snacking Made Right report, which will be published in April to view our full-year sustainability data. Turning to slide nine. You can see that like many companies, we continued to navigate through a dynamic operating environment. We are closely tracking and planning around a number of near-term themes, including continuing inflation, shifting consumer habits, geopolitical challenges, rising cocoa prices, just to name a few. We are well-positioned to address these challenges and we remain confident that we can deliver an on-algorithm year. Our confidence is rooted in our conviction that we have the right strategy, the right execution, and the right people, as well as very strong widely loved brands. We continue to see momentum in the majority of our key emerging markets. Our categories remained resilient and our solid volume mix performance demonstrates that consumers continue to prioritize our iconic snacking brands. To continue accelerating this momentum, we are continuing to increase our investment significantly in our brands and capabilities. We are pleased that our U.S. supply chain has substantially improved and we continue to focus on expanding distribution opportunities in both developed and emerging markets. We are also making solid progress in our European pricing negotiations. We expect to deliver robust EPS growth in both constant and real dollars in 2024. And overall, we remain confident that we have the right strategy to effectively navigate today's volatile environment while continuing to focus on long-term sustainable growth. In conclusion, I'm pleased to reiterate that 2023 was another record year. Our focus and portfolio reshaping strategy is working and we are well-positioned to continue driving attractive growth in 2024 and beyond. By continuing to double down on our attractive core categories of chocolate, biscuits and baked snacks, investing in our widely loved brands, focusing on operational execution and cost discipline and empowering our great people, I am confident that we can deliver strong performance for years to come. With that. I'll turn it over to Luca to share additional insights on our financials.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I get into our financial results and the 2024 outlook, it is important to provide some context related to the developed market gum divestiture and its impact on our results. On slide 11, you can see that impact of the divestiture on revenue was roundabout $500 million, while our growth, 0.3 percentage points negative. EPS was impacted by minus $0.11. I'll give you more color as this relates to the outlook later in the call, and how we plan to fully offset impact on income. Moving to slide 12. In 2023, we delivered exceptional results, starting with double-digit revenue growth, with both volume and value contributing. As we keep saying, gross profit dollars is the most important P&L variable as it allows reinvestment protect on our virtual cycle. Last year, GP dollars grew by $2.2 billion, allowing substantial reinvestments, strong earnings and robust cash flow generation. The strengths of these results can be seen across all regions and categories. Revenue growth was plus 14.7% in the year with 1.3 points of growth coming from volume mix. For the quarter, growth was about 10%, with a slight decline in volume mix. Emerging markets grew by 20.4% for the year and 14.9% for the quarter with strength coming from a substantial number of key countries, including Brazil, China, India, Mexico, and the Western Andean. Developed markets grew plus 11.1% for the year and plus 6.6% for the quarter, including robust growth from both U.S. and Europe. Moving to portfolio performance on slide 13. Our chocolate and biscuit businesses, both delivered double-digit growth for the year. Also gum and candy continued to perform well with superior growth in emerging markets. Biscuits grew plus 11.9% for the year and plus 5.5% for the quarter. A large number of brands delivered strong growth for 2023, including Oreo, Ritz, Chips Ahoy!, [Indiscernible] Tate's Bake, Give & Go, 7Days, TUC, and Club Social. Chocolate grew plus 14.5% for the year and plus 11.2% for the quarter with significant growth across both developed and emerging markets. Volume mix was up by 2.5% for the year and 2.4% for the quarter. Global brands like Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka, and Toblerone all delivered extraordinary growth while we also delivered strong growth with many of our local jewels including Lacta, Ricolino and Kinh Do. Gum and candy grew more than 28% for the year and 20% for the quarter. Key markets including Brazil, Mexico, China and the Western Andean area, all performed well. Let's review market-share performance on Slide 14. We held or gained share in 65% of our revenue base with strong results in both chocolate and biscuits. Given the amount of pricing we took in the last couple of years, we see this as a strong accomplishment and our brand investments, both from a quantity and quality standpoint, clearly played the role. Turning to region performance on slide 15. Europe grew plus 14.5% for the year and plus 11.6% for the quarter. Strong execution led to positive volumes mix for the year, despite significant customer disruption in Q2. Profit in '23 was up plus 12.8% for the year and plus 1.6% for the quarter. Underlying profit in Europe continues to improve, but Q4 was negatively impacted by ForEx fluctuations on some cash deposit held in dollars, that function as a protection against currency volatility. Excluding these headwinds, EBIT in Q4 was up nicely, despite a significant increase in A&C. North America grew plus 9.5% for the full-year, while Q4 grew plus 1.9% against an exceptionally strong compare of almost 20% in 2022. Full year growth was driven by higher pricing, broad-based strength across brands and channels and solid volume mix. In Q4, volumes declined as a result of softening US biscuit category, tight inventory management in advance of Q1 pricing and declines in Give & Go and Clif. Give & Go was impacted by our decision to release some of the holidays gingerbread kit given low profit. We continue to be very happy with Give & Go overall. Clif results were driven by lower bar consumption and inventory depletion connected to retailers building inventory in Q3 to minimize potential disruption ahead of a system transition in early October. As a result, we made adjustments to inventory driving a year-over-year shipment decline. We feel comfortable with current inventory levels along with our programming and investments to drive '24 growth. Overall we are confident regarding our prospects in '24 for North America, given our strong activation plans, TDPs expansion, growth channels and substantial investments in A&C. We are going to give you a better sense of these opportunities at CAGNY. North America OI increased plus 22.7% for the year due to strong pricing and solid volume. For the quarter, OI increased by 9.5%. AMEA grew 11.7% for the year and 7.9% for the quarter. India grew strong double digits for the year and quarter, driven by both chocolate and biscuits. China grew high single digits for the year and quarter as well. Southeast Asia grew mid-single-digits for the year and Australia delivered strong results for both the year and the quarter. As it relates to volume mix performance in the region for Q4, there has been some pressure on Western consumer brands in the Middle East since the war began and we have not been immune from that, with an impact of sales in the Middle East and part of Southeast Asia. We are supporting colleagues who have been impacted in different ways around the world as well as working with NGOs partners to aid in humanitarian efforts in the regions. While volatile and difficult to predict on a go forward basis, we are tracking the situation and working with stakeholders and planning for these dynamics in our 2024 outlook. AMEA increased OI by 14.5% for the year and 18.5% for the quarter, continuing a strong track record of annual top and bottom line growth. Latin America grew 34.8% for the year and 28.6% for the quarter, with strong volume mix growth and strong price execution. Ex-Argentina, growth for LA was plus 18.1% for the year and 9.2% for the quarter, justifying the good work done by our teams beyond price management in Argentina, Latin America delivered another strong year of profitability. OI grew plus 48.5% for the year and more than 49% for the quarter. Strong volume mix pricing and continuation of gum and candy momentum drove these results. Turning to page 16. For the year, we delivered strong double digit OI dollar growth, driven by a record high increase in gross profit of nearly $2.2 billion. This growth has enabled strong levels of reinvestment behind brands and capabilities for 2024 and beyond. In Q4, we also saw strong double digit OI and gross profit dollar growth of more than $500 million, driven by top line strength and ongoing cost discipline. Other was impacted by the Forex dynamics and fund protection in US dollar that I discussed about Europe. Next to EPS on slide 17. Full-year EPS grew plus 19% in constant currency. The vast majority of this growth was driven by operating gains and despite currency headwind, we grew adjusted EPS at reported Forex by 14.3%. Adjusted EPS would be $3.30 per share, including $0.11 of contribution from DM Gum. I'll talk more about our plans for '24, but we will aim at removing as much standard cost as possible. Turning to slide 18. We delivered $3.6 billion of free cash flow for the full year, including the impact of more than $380 million related to cash taxes from the liquidation of our KDP stake. Our balance sheet remains quite strong as full year leverage ended at 2.6 times. Let me take a moment to discuss our outlook and some of our key planning assumptions on Slide 20. For the current year, we expect to deliver on our long term algorithm for revenue, earnings and cash flow. We expect to be at the upper end of our 3% to 5% algo range for organic net revenue growth as pricing in certain markets with significant chocolate portfolios such as Europe is expected to be higher than historical levels. We expect free cash flow of $3.5 billion-plus. In terms of the assumptions, for inflation, we expect a high single digit increase for '24. This inflation is driven by significant increases in both cocoa and sugar, as well as another update in labor costs. As Europe faces more inflation than any other market, we expect customer disruption during Q1 and potentially into Q2, associated with our annual price negotiation process. This process is happening earlier in some cases than last year, so intact might be more pronounced in Q1 for top and margin lines. We also remain committed to substantial brand support in this region and all the others, similar to our stance over the last past several years. In terms of interest expenses, we expect approximately $325 million. We are expecting $0.03 of EPS of headwinds related to forex impact for the year. In terms of taxes, we expect an ETR in the mid-20s. Share repurchase expectations are around $2 billion. Turning to our EPS outlook on page 21. With respect to adjusted EPS, we expect high single digit growth of our reported base '23 of $3.30 per share, which includes the $0.11 of contribution from our divested developed gum business. We expect to eliminate nearly all of these $0.11 impact by removing stranded costs. In fact, we made good progress by already realizing this sense of stranded cost savings in late 2023. With that, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar, Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Hey, everybody. Dirk, I was hoping we could get a bit of a state of the union on how you see the performance in key markets at this stage, as we saw a bit more volume weakness in North America in the fourth quarter. And conversely, it still seems like there's strength in many of the other key markets. Trying to get a sense of how you see this playing out in '24 and whether similar cadence across your markets might be the same or where it might be a bit different. And then I've just got a follow-up.
Dirk Van De Put: Okay, thank you, Andrew. Yes, I mean, we see there's a very strong full year performance. We feel that there is portfolio strength, which is broad-based across our regions, across the categories, across the brands. The volume mix growth is solid for the year. We expect that to continue into next year. Our price execution has been very good this year across the business. Share performance is good. North America, we recovered. AMEA, we've been gaining share. Europe, we had some disruption effect during the year, but we started to recuperate strongly at the end of the year. The strength in emerging markets continues broadly and can comment a little bit on where there are some short term issues. And then we've very got -- got some very strong gross profit growth and $2.2 billion for the year, which has allowed us to reinvest quite significantly in the business. And so the acquisitions are doing well. EPS growth adjusted 19%, real 14%, strong cash flow. So we feel good as we enter 2024. We have some more pricing coming in, but in North America, that's already agreed. In Europe, we're in line with where we were last year and the majority is already agreed. We are planning to continue with strong investments in our brands, with strong activations. The acquisitions, we expect to continue to play a big role for us. And so overall -- and maybe another point to mention is that we have this distribution runway of adding distribution for our brands around the world. So we feel it was a very strong '23 and we feel good entering '24. Now, that doesn't mean that there are no particular issues that are on our mind. So the first one would certainly be the cocoa prices and our need to price as needed. We are well covered for the year, but we need to, mainly in Europe, get those prices agreed. Consumer, while the consumer is feeling better and more positive short term, we see that elasticity is still at or below historical norms, but there is some uptick in consumer elasticity in some spots around the world. It is to be expected that we will have customer disruption in the beginning of the year in Europe. The annual negotiations are in progress. Like I said, we are in line where we were last year and majority is agreed, but we still have some to go. And then maybe a few words on some of the effects on the volume in Q4, which we don't think will continue in Q1 in certain instances. So there is some tensions in the Middle East, and that has some effect on Western brands and we have some of those Western brands. We expect that to continue in Q1 and Q2, but gradually over the year, that will fade away. And that is the main reason why our AMEA is not as strong in volume mix as you would expect. And then North America. Luca said it in the comments, in particular in the US, because of very one-off -- specific one-off reasons, stopping part of the range of Give & Go, the systems change in Clif, we expect to return to good volume mix growth in North America in the beginning of next year. All these items that I'm talking about are included in our full year outlook. And so we believe at this stage, particularly since we have to see how the negotiations go in Europe, that we should guide towards our own algo result for '24, probably more towards the higher side, but we are going to continue with all the things I said and we'll see how the negotiations go in Europe. That's probably the main question mark that we have at this stage.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. Great, thank you. And a quick follow-up for Luca and some of this you covered a little bit, Dirk, but I think there was a street expectation for organic sales growth for '24 to maybe be a little bit above the 3% to 5% long term algorithm, just given the pricing that you're taking. So maybe, Luca, you could walk us briefly through some of the just key puts and takes to keep in mind as we think about the sales growth guidance for the year and maybe the phasing aspect of it. Thanks so much.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Andrew. I would start by saying that guidance for '24 in our mind, is solid, particularly as we look at what drove '23 and the continuation of that momentum into '24. And so we can, I believe, count on resiliencies of our categories. We're happy, as I said, in the prepared remarks on our share performance. I think you will see momentum in our share, particularly in the first half, and that is related to the unprecedented A&C investment we put forward. There are still material distribution opportunities that will help us model through some of the challenges that we discussed in the prepared remarks. And finally, the acquisitions, I think will continue to be accretive for us both in terms of top line and bottom line. Decomposing the revenue guidance, pricing is clearly a key component of this plan. Its contribution will be a little bit less than we have seen in '23, but it is higher than an average year. And particularly as we price away cocoa, chocolate will contribute to most of the pricing in '24. Pricing, as we mentioned, presents a couple of challenges. One is potential customer disruption in Europe. We have planned for it. Part of it is also in the base of '23. But while I feel positive and Dirk said more than half of the price is secured at this point, we cannot really say what is going to happen and particularly as we look into Europe, clearly we don't control customer disruption. Having said that, I think it is important to realize that our brands are strong and that they drive significant traffic for retailers. So couple that with the fact that prices is common to market and many competitors will have to price, I think we feel quite positive at this point in time, quite frankly. The second one is elasticity, for which I feel better because competitors, as I said, will have to price too, but also because our brands are unique and we have been investing quite a bit. We expect for the year volume to be mildly positive with a good contribution actually when we excluding the customer disruption. So at this point in time, given we don't control the level to which customer disruption will affect the plan, we wanted to be a little bit on the cautious side. And look, reality is if we push this through and we are successful, most likely there will be revenue upside. And so as I said, we feel good. Importantly, I want to say North America, we have very good plans as we go into 2024. And I think the lineup of all these plans plus the continuation of the momentum in the acquired platforms is good. I want to say Latin America in our case continues to be good. AMEA, despite some of the challenges, has a lot of momentum in India and China that will continue. And finally, I think if you look at Europe, excluding customer disruption, the underlying business and the categories are doing well. So I believe the year will play out well for us, depending obviously on the extent of customer disruption.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman, J.P. Morgan.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good afternoon.
Dirk Van De Put: Hi, Ken.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Ken.
Ken Goldman: Hi. I just wanted to clarify a little bit about the EPS guidance. So it's on algo of a $3.30 base, but it's actually above algo, if we think about it on a like-for-like basis versus the $3.19, right? If you exclude gum from both 2023 and 2024. And please correct me if that's not accurate. I'm just curious, what necessarily -- what gives you the confidence it'll be a little bit above algo just on that like-for-like basis and maybe how much of that underlying is sort of the elimination of some stranded costs as you think about it, that might just give a little bit more of a boost to the year than we might typically have.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, thank you for the question, Ken. We wanted to make sure it was clear that we are trying to eliminate all the stranded costs and so we really wanted to guide high single digit of the higher base. The confidence comes from the fact that, as I said, we are going to have, excluding the customer disruption, good volume momentum into the business and that provides leverage. We will continue pricing in a very disciplined manner and that will offset the material inflation that we see. Clearly, we will continue with cost, discipline and productivity. And the fact that we will eliminate 70%, 80% of the stranded cost into '24 allows us to guide to a high single digit of a higher base. In all this algo, we are not going to have, I have to say, 20% A&C increase another year, but it will be most likely high single digit or double digits. So we will continue investing across all the regions, across all the brands. And so we feel good about that. Remember finally that through the integration of Ricolino, there will be synergies coming to fruition. We are literally going live with SAP in few days and hopefully that will unlock both revenue and cost synergies for 2024.
Ken Goldman: Thank you. And then quick follow up. You mentioned disruption a little bit more in 1Q this year, with the understanding it's quite early, is there any way we can get a little bit more of a quantitative sense just to how to think about some of the impact potentially on the top and bottom line in the quarter? I realize, like I said, it's impossible to kind of completely forecast it at the time, but just any kind of magnitude at this point would be helpful as we think about our models, perhaps.
Luca Zaramella: Look, I think as you look at the Q1 revenue pacing, we are going to have a revenue maybe number that is a little bit below the full year algo. I think you're going to be hopefully happy with the numbers you see across three regions out of the four. Europe is going to be more impacted in relative terms versus the impact that we have already in the base in '23 in Q2, and most likely volume mix, excluding the customer disruption is going to be a nice number and positive. I believe total volume mix might be tilted to slightly negative because of the disruption, but I can't go any further than that. We are in the middle of negotiations and conversations with retailers, and we have planned, we have a sense of what might happen, but time will tell exactly how we will land pricing in Europe.
Ken Goldman: Understood. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane, Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, thanks, operator. Good afternoon, Dirk, Luca.
Dirk Van De Put: Hey, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: It looks just...
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, just a -- I have a couple of questions, actually, and one is just getting back to the guidance, and I just want to tie in. It's $2 billion a share repurchase this year, but you also repurchased quite a bit of shares in the fourth quarter. So if we think about the impact that share repurchases or a lower share count would have on fiscal '24, it should be more than the roughly 2% that a %2 billion repo would suggest. Right? Just simply because the timing of your '23 share repurchases were so late, it should drive the share count down a little bit more than we would normally see. I just want to make sure I'm thinking about that correctly.
Luca Zaramella: I think you're thinking about that correctly. Yes.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, all right, Because that's going to square to just how much we need to burden operating profit growth, and I think it's not going to be quite as high as I think, as it would have sort of looked. Okay, thanks for that. And then the second question, just. Luca, if you could talk a little bit about Argentina? You know it's been topical over this earnings season for companies operating there. We've seen a range of outcomes, I guess, or actions companies have taken. So if you just kind of walk us through Argentina, does the devaluation at all have any effect on local operations? What's incorporated into the guidance, and also, maybe if you can just touch on, is that what's driving the FX guidance to be so moderate? Because we fielded that question a bunch over the last few minutes. Thanks.
Luca Zaramella: So, Argentina for us, is round about a $600 million business. We are very happy the way the business has been managed over the years. We have a clear playbook. What matters in Argentina for us is not necessarily top line growth. It's not share. It is about protecting the cash that we have there. And Argentina has been consistently generating cash for us, and we have been able also to take some cash out of the country. Some of the companies have talked about exposure on net monetary position. Our net monetary position is in control. It will go down over the course of '24 as we have a clear playbook and by the way, we incent Argentina, not like all the other business units, but we incent Argentina on net monetary position and free cash flow generation. There was a little bit of a spike in net monetary exposure in Q4, and that was, as the old government put in place some price control mechanism. But as those have been released, the net monetary position in Q4 is going to be very manageable and I don't expect any major impact due to that. It's also fair to say that we have full control of the operation. We are free to price at this point in time, and the team is fully committed to protecting as much as they can the size and the scale of Argentina. So I [Technical Difficulty] any issues or whatsoever in terms of impairment. Clearly, there has been material devaluation. The parallel market runs at rates that are even higher than the official one reported, that are obviously already much higher than last year. And so we will have to cap most likely growth for Argentina going forward into 2024. Having said that, it becomes a moot point as we guide you to organic net revenue growth and forex impact. And so the two offset each other. And if you take the guidance we gave in terms of organic net revenue growth and the impact on revenue, which is around about half a point of growth, that should do the trick in terms of you forecasting Mondelez in total.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks, Luca.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Bryan.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore.
David Palmer: Thanks. A couple of questions. On Europe and pricing, so often we talk about the retailer, customer, and the dynamic of getting through pricing there. I wonder, as are you taking pricing this year? Are you -- is your pricing strategy to offset the dollar impact that you're going to see from cocoa? Or -- it would seem like that would be a pretty reasonable expectation for the players there, given what's happening with cocoa. But maybe there's some timing issues for 2024 there to think about. And then how -- from what you've seen about -- from the consumer there, is the pricing -- price elasticity, they are much different than what you would see from what you see in your biscuits business in the U.S., for example?
Dirk Van De Put: Yes. Yes, your first assumption is correct in the sense that we are trying to offset the dollar impact of the inflation that we're seeing on our input costs, and we're not pricing for percentage margin, but offsetting that dollar impact, which yes, we believe is a reasonable position. I think this year, seeing the situation in Europe and the fact that the retailers are seeing probably some deflation in other areas of their business, it is a little bit of an explanation to explain that not only cocoa, but also sugar or hazelnut are showing significant inflation, which is not the expectation. I think by now they understand that it has to happen in chocolate, so we have high hopes that we will be able to land that in a good way. As it relates to elasticity, I would say the elasticity in Europe has been very reasonable. We might maybe expect a little bit of an uptick as prices keep on going up for a third year in a row, particularly in chocolate. But there is very little or low down-trending within the category, because everybody will have to price. So it's a joint movement of all the brands. So we don't expect that there will be huge differences between different brands and no shifting of consumers. What we've seen in the past year is a strong price increase of 12% to 15% in Europe in chocolate, with a very limited 0% to 0.5% effect on volume. And so that shows that elasticity is very low. We think that is driven because of strong brand loyalty. The fact that chocolate has a very distinct taste profile and consumers tend to stick with their chocolate brand because they like taste and people recognize the taste of their brand. So private label is very small and people do not tend to switch brands very easy. We call it the taste of the nation. Every country has their favorite chocolate. And then on top of that, we will do significant investments, very strong activations. We've been driving seasonals very hard. The next year, we will celebrate 200 years of Cadbury, which will be a major activation in the U.K. So all that combined make us believe, and we have proved in the past, that the elasticity will be limited to our opinion in chocolates in Europe.
David Palmer: And a quick follow-up. Distribution growth seems to be a key driver, a growth driver for the company. I don't think I've ever heard you say how much of your organic sales growth will come from distribution expansion. But if you had to guess how many percentage points of that organic sales targets would come from that, what would you say?
Dirk Van De Put: Well, roughly, you can assume, for the markets where we can drive significant numerical distribution, I'm talking about China and India, but we are now also starting to drive very hard in places like Brazil. We -- probably in those markets, you can expect that about 50% of our organic growth is driven through distribution expansion. On a global basis, we're probably talking about 2% of our extra growth coming from this. The runway of this is still quite big, to give you a few numbers. So, since 2019, we've added 1.7 million stores in China, India and Brazil. But, for instance, our biscuits are now in about 3 million of the potential 6 million stores in China, or our gum business is only in 2 million of the 6 million potential stores. In India, we've added 180,000 stores in '23. We deployed 100,000 new VISI coolers, but there is over 900 -- sorry, 9 million retail outlets. We cover directly 2 million and we have about 3 million that are indirect coverage. So we're in 5 million of the 9 million stores in India. And I can go on, on different countries. So I gave you the percentages, what it means for us. And the other message here is that the runway, the years that we can keep on doing this are quite significant going forward.
David Palmer: Thank you very much. That's great.
Dirk Van De Put: Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, David.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks. I actually had a follow-up on the distribution question. Are you taking extra steps to monitor distribution levels at distributors or even the retailers in light of volatility of consumption? There's been multinationals who have fallen into inventory de-loading situations in LaTAM. You're expanding distribution so well. I'm just wondering if you're also taking extra steps to monitor it at the same time.
Dirk Van De Put: Yes, yes, we are aware that the distribution expansion needs to be very well monitored. So what we're putting in place is a direct connection because we use mainly distributors to make this happen, is a direct connection to their system. So we can read what they sell per store and what the sell-in is, how much the replenishment is. So we monitor that very carefully. We go slow in some of the cities where we're doing the expansion so that we make sure that we can see that setting up the whole distribution system is profitable and that it can be maintained. So we've had no surprises so far. I've done this many times in my career and I've had surprises, but so far things have gone quite smoothly. I think our teams around the world know what to do. They're on top of it. We usually accompany these distribution expansions with very heavy activation in the cities that we are doing this. So we feel pretty good that we have a very controlled way of doing it. And like I said, so far we've had no surprises whatsoever with this.
Robert Moskow: And a follow-up on that. In some of these markets, you've introduced more digitized tools to enable small retailers or distributors to order or reorder and also monitor their performance on promotions, I think. Has that improved your ability to keep track of distribution and monitor sales because the tools are better than they were ten years ago to monitor all this?
Dirk Van De Put: Yes, we are still in a relatively experimental phase with that. We are, for instance, mainly experimenting with this in Latin America, largely in channels that we don't have immediate big coverage. So as an example, I would say bars in Brazil would be typically something that we don't cover directly or indirectly at the moment. But we have started to have a presence and we are monitoring how that is going. I would say those tools help you -- help the retailer order directly and get our products in there. It helps us to understand how much the store sells. And yes, we can monitor promotions. As a tool to monitor how our distribution is evolving, it's probably complementary to the other system I was talking about, but we prefer at this stage to monitor that through our distributors, because the way it works is they will order through this new app and then we, through our normal distribution system, will deliver, or we will use a third party to do it. So that's usually the source of the monitoring of distribution, not necessarily the new app for us.
Robert Moskow: I got it, thank you.
Dirk Van De Put: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Yes, thanks for the question. Luca, I think based on the EPS guidance combined with the $3.5 billion-plus free cash flow guidance. At -- towards the $3.5 billion kind of ignoring the plus, if I focus on the $3.5 billion, I think it implies a 75% or lower free cash flow conversion. I just wanted to kind of throw that past you and see if that's the message you intended to convey. If so, what might be some of the drags on that free cash flow conversion, or if there's a -- it is a higher level of free cash flow conversion we should anchor to as a target? Maybe you could talk about that.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you for the question, Steve. As we think about the free cash flow and net income conversion into free cash flow, important to realize that the dividend payout of the joint ventures that we have is not 100%. And so that is a little bit of a factor as you consider the conversion. The other one, I would tell you is we're going to have a slight uptick in CapEx, particularly as we need to invest in places like India. I mean, you look at the volume over the last five years in India, it has been stellar, and we are very happy, but we are at a point where we need to put down a little bit more capacity. Same goes for Latin America and Oreo, and obviously, we integrate platforms like Ricolino, et cetera. The other one that will come into play in terms of capital expenses for '24 is SAP HANA. And so I think that's another element you have to consider. I think, look, the number I would like you to focus on is what we deliver in '23, which, net of the taxes we paid for coffee, is around about $4 billion. And so there might be some one-time payment coming our way. And so we need to make sure that we have enough headroom. But I want to reassure you that in terms of free cash flow, we are very happy. We have best in class, I believe, cash conversion cycle. We continue to be very disciplined in terms of lowering overdue across the board, and inventories are coming down. And so we feel good about the cash flow generation of the company.
Steve Powers: Very good. Very good. Thank you for that. And it sounds like you're going to talk a little bit more about this at CAGNY. But to the extent you can talk about it now, just the prospects for volume recovery and organic growth acceleration in North America. I guess, how quickly do you think that is likely to manifest in '24? Is that going to be a slower build, or do you think we should expect some results sooner as you leverage some of the commercial investments, it sounds like you made in the fourth quarter.
Dirk Van De Put: Yes, I think you said it right at the end there. In the fourth quarter, if you think about it, on one hand, we had a good year, and we were coming with a price increase, which, by the way, has been agreed in the U.S. in the beginning of the year, so no need to push in volumes from our side. Then we had the Clif system integration changeover, and so we needed to bring our inventory down and manage it very tightly. And then we talked about the Give & Go holiday kits that we stopped selling because the margins were not interesting for us. So if I exclude those and look at the rest of the business, the volume mix performance in Q4 was, in fact, quite good. So we're expecting a good volume mix performance right away in Q1 of next year. It is really a one-off situation in Q4. So we don't really necessarily feel like there is a slowdown in North America. It's not going to be massive volume growth, but it's going to be positive volume growth in the beginning of the year. So that's where we are. It's not going to be a slow build-up. We will continue where we are without the exceptionals that we had in Q4.
Steve Powers: Okay. Very good. Thanks, Dirk. I'll pass it on.
Dirk Van De Put: Thanks.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from Alexia Howard, Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Good evening, everyone.
Dirk Van De Put: Hi, Alexia.
Luca Zaramella: Hi.
Alexia Howard: Hi. So, two questions. First of all, on innovation. I'm just wondering if you can give us a quick status update on whether the pace of innovation is likely to pick up going forward. It feels like with the pandemic and the supply chain disruption, it's been very hard to do innovation over the last several years. Do you anticipate a pickup going forward? And then I have a follow-up.
Dirk Van De Put: Yes, we are going through a bit of a change in the way we look at innovation. If you think about our business around the world, we have quite a rhythm of small innovation, new flavors, new sizes of packs, as we do PPA and RCM. But that leads to hundreds of small projects which do drive our business. But we are gradually eliminating probably close to half of those small projects because, in fact, over time, they don't have that much of an impact on the business. Since overall, our business is doing well, we can afford to do so. And we are shifting our focus to bigger innovation projects. So the ones that I would mention is, first of all, making healthier versions of our mainstream products. So I'm referring to, for instance, what you've seen so far, an Oreo gluten-free or Oreo zero sugar in China, gluten-free in the U.S., doing quite well. And you can expect that we will continue expand those efforts across other brands. Then we are entering quite significantly in cakes and pastries. And there you can expect us to push quite hard. And so you could see the OREO Cakesters or the Oreo Airy Cake in China. And these are all significant innovations that have the potential or tens of millions of dollars of net revenue per country. We're pushing hard on premium chocolate, so we launched, for instance, the [Toblerone pralines] (ph), or we have done some big innovations on our core chocolate tablet. So these are bigger innovations that require more work, higher potential, but we are reshifting our efforts towards those. So I don't know if I would call that what you were asking, Alexia. Do we see picked up the pace of innovation? I think the impact of innovation on our growth will increase in the coming years, but it's not driven by more innovation, it's driven by better innovation, I would say.
Alexia Howard: Very helpful. And then could I just follow up finally? Do you have any observations about the state of the American consumer? I think we've heard from other companies that there's been down trading. There's vulnerability. There's channel shifting. I'm just wondering if any of -- whether some of the challenges that you're seeing in North America are being driven by this consumer dynamic.
Dirk Van De Put: Yes, everything you're saying is true. Let me explain it a little bit. I would say the consumer, as it relates from a behavior standpoint, as in the fourth quarter show the biggest shifts, and I can explain a little bit the shifts that we've seen. But from a mindset perspective, from a confidence perspective in North America, probably the best in the last 2.5 years. So what they're doing is still reflecting sort of the tension they're under, but they are expecting the economy to improve and that better times are ahead for them. So what are they doing? We see a little bit more of an elasticity effect. And the way they react to that is they're waiting more. We see particularly light buyers waiting for promotion. So not buying with the same frequency, but buying more when it's on promotion. We see them downsizing, going to smaller formats and buying more of those. We see shift in channels. They go to club channels, e-commerce channels, that's the one we see winning. And then we have a number of sort of mechanical effects that we're seeing, particularly the snap reduction in the U.S. And so we see less disposable income for a certain group of consumers. But overall, I would say we expect that that gradually will improve because of that mindset change that I was saying. So the overall volume expectations as the year goes by in the US, we're expecting to accelerate and to get better. That's a little bit our view on the US consumer at the moment.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll hand it back to you.
Dirk Van De Put: All right, thank you. Well, thank you. I think that was the last question. As we said, we feel very good about '23. It was a great year for us. We are entering '24 with good momentum. I think we're prepared for everything that we are seeing ahead of it. And as I said, there is some issues that we have to look at. But despite all that and including those effects into our forecast for the year, we think that we're going to have a strong year. We'll see how the client disruption goes in Europe. So we have to wait a little bit to see how the first quarter goes by. But overall, we think we will have an on to the higher side of our algorithm year at this stage that we can forecast. Again, thank you, and happy to answer any other questions that you would have through our IR department.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Mondelez International Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. As we discuss our results today, unless noted as reported, we'll be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures, which adjust for certain items included in our GAAP results. In addition, we provide our year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis, unless otherwise noted. You can find the comparable GAAP measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. Today, Dirk will provide a business and strategy update followed by a review of our financial results and outlook by Luca. We will close with Q&A. I'll now turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Thanks, Shep, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. I will start on slide four. Our strong third quarter results and our prospects for the future confirm that we are positioned for high-quality, sustainable growth. We remain confident in the durability of our categories, the strength of our iconic brands and the consistency of our execution. We delivered strong profitable volume growth with a healthy share performance. All our geographic regions grew double-digits in both revenue and profitability. To manage cost inflation and enable robust reinvestments, we continue to leverage our RGM capabilities. RGM is an area where we believe there is significant room to do more over the next several years. We continue to reshape our portfolio to focus on our core categories of chocolate, biscuits and baked snacks with the successful divestiture of our developed market gum business, generating additional reinvestment opportunities. Our strong year-to-date performance, the continued strength of our categories and our ongoing focus on strong commercial plans and execution provide the confidence to again raise both our organic net revenue outlook to 14% to 15% and adjusted EPS growth outlook to approximately 16%. Turning to slide five. You can see that in the third quarter, we delivered both top and bottom line strength, enabling us to continue substantial reinvestment in our brands. We delivered organic net revenue growth of 15.7% for the quarter. Year-to-date revenue is up 17%, nearly $4 billion ahead of last year. We also delivered adjusted gross profit dollar growth of 22.3% for the quarter. Again, we are ahead of last year's pace with 20% growth year-to-date, up $1.7 billion. The strong performance enables us to reinvest in our brands and capabilities to drive attractive growth in future periods. Our A&C investment is up 28.5% for the quarter and 21.5% for the year, which demonstrates our commitment to continue to build the strength of our brands. These results translated into strong adjusted OI growth, up 24.5% for the quarter and close to $900 million for the year. As you can see on slide six, our third quarter growth was driven by strong volume/mix, up nearly four points. We are especially pleased that our European pricing actions, which were implemented earlier this year are successfully behind us. We view this quarter strong volume/mix performance as evidence that we are taking the right actions to continue delivering sustainable growth and share gains. Consumers continue to choose our trusted and beloved brands, despite significant pricing due to ongoing inflation. More broadly, we view our strong performance in the third quarter as evidence that our long-term strategy continues to pay off. Since the launch of our growth plan in 2018, we have consistently delivered gross profit dollar growth, which allowed for a virtuous cycle of yearly increasing high-return investments. We remain confident that this strategy will continue to consistently deliver attractive growth. Turning to slide seven. We continue to see evidence that consumer demand for our snacking categories remains resilient and that consumers continue to prefer our widely loved brands over private label alternatives. In North America, the biscuit category is experiencing some softness in scanner data, most notably among lower-income families. However, I would note that these families are increasing their purchases in the non-measured club store channel. Our total US biscuits volume was up more than 3% in Q3, showcasing the continued strength of our brands and investments in both measured and non-measured channels. We are seeing particularly strong growth in unmeasured channels like club stores, e-commerce and food service. Meanwhile, in Europe, consumer confidence is improving with a significant step-up versus 2022 and remains broadly stable throughout Q3. We're seeing positive volume growth in biscuits and chocolates, which has accelerated over the last three months and is outpacing broader food driven by solid elasticities and lapping of 2022 disruptions. In Q3, our European chocolate and biscuit business delivered solid volume growth of 2.6%, which again shows the resilience of our categories and the strength of our brands. In emerging markets, consumer confidence remains strong. We continue to see resilient underlying demand and lower price sensitivity than in developed markets. During Q3, we delivered strong growth in terms of both volume and value at 4% and 24%, respectively. And we are confident that we have strong opportunities to continue to drive expanded distribution and creating new snacking occasions. On slide eight, you can see a few examples of our growth acceleration strategy in action. We continue to invest in our brands and connect closely with consumers to stay in line with changing consumer tastes and snacking occasions. We are also driving growth in a broader range of channels while accelerating our focus on premium segments and harnessing the power of recent acquisitions to advance geographic expansion. For example, Oreo continues to grow its strong position as the world's favourite cookie, and its share performance here in North America has grown nicely. Our recent partnership with Super Mario Brothers executed both online and in-store is just one example of the many creative campaigns that leverage personalization and local relevance to reinforce the brand's playful persona. Along with continuous reinvestment in our brands, we are also investing in growth channels. For example, our belVita business is up nearly a full share point in the US club channel, driven by growing shopper interest in convenience, tasty and better-for-you options for morning snacking on-the-go. Sold in individual portion packs and delivering more than 14 grams of whole grains per serving. belVita offers a great solution for consumers who are too busy to eat a traditional breakfast. We're continuing to grow this business with a new customized and digitally targeted social and digital media campaign celebrating the ritual of belVita and coffee in the morning. Another important element of our growth strategy is investing in the fast-growing premium chocolate space. We have re-launched Toblerone with a robust campaign inspired by luxury fashion brand, positioning it as a jewel. We're supporting this launch with a strengthened brand persona, Never Square and substantial investments in A&C. Bringing this dual concept to life, our new pralines called Toblerone Truffles recently debuted in the United Kingdom, Switzerland and Australia as well as airport duty-free stores in key markets. They will expand to additional markets next year. Finally, we continue driving geographic expansion of our recently acquired brands. For example, Ricolino headquartered in Mexico is now the number one hispanic confectionery brand in the United States, growing well and in line with our expectations. Turning to slide nine. Let's zoom in closer on the snack bar business to highlight the strong progress. We're excited about the opportunities in this space, and we believe there is significant runway ahead led by the strong and growing brands of Clif Bar, Grenade and Perfect Snacks. We expect our snack bar business to exceed $1.2 billion net revenue this year. Let's start with Clif, where we are excited about our current results and the long-term opportunity to broaden distribution, expand into new formats and increase our geographical reach. Year-to-date, Clif is up double-digit in top line growth. And within that, the Clif Kid Zbar has been a particular standout. Zbar is a delicious organic non-GMO soft-baked, whole grain energy snack for kids with zero transfat or artificial flavors. Zbar is growing at twice the rate of the total bars category with consumption dollar growth up 19% versus last year. Grenade also continues to exceed our expectations. Grenade is performing very well in the sports nutrition space with signature bars that are high in protein and low in sugar. Since our acquisition a bit more than two years ago, we have doubled the business, thanks to strong core growth in the UK and distribution expansion in Ireland, Nordics and the Benelux. Perfect Snacks also is experiencing continued double-digit value growth, strengthening its position as the number one refrigerated protein bar in the United States. We have a great portfolio and strong conviction in the growth potential of our snack bar business and we will continue investing to drive leadership in the segment. Turning to slide 10. I'd like to take a moment to share progress on an important element of our sustainability strategy. Just two years after joining the science-based target initiative, net zero carbon emission, we have submitted a time-bound plan laying out how we aim to achieve our target of net zero greenhouse gas emissions across our full value chain by 2050. To reach this critical milestone, we have completed a detailed process of re-baselining providing documentation of our carbon accounting and aligning to new standards. Putting this plan into action in the near term, we are making solid progress towards our 2025 goal of reducing end-to-end carbon emissions by 10%. We are working hard to transform our business operations and supply chains. Over the past two years, we have scaled regenerative agriculture practices across our signature sourcing programs for coco and wheat, achieved renewable energy at manufacturing sites across every region and reduced CO2 emissions through plant and logistical efficiencies. We continue to believe that helping to drive positive change at scale, including through reducing our climate impact, is an integral part of value creation with positive returns for our stakeholders. We encourage you to read our Snacking Made Right report for additional details and context on our broader sustainability goals and progress. With that, I'll turn it over to Luca to share additional insights on our financials.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk, and good afternoon. Q3 was strong all across our business, with high-quality top and bottom line growth, healthy volume mix, record profit dollar increases and substantial brand reinvestment. We delivered double-digit organic net revenue of 15.7% with growth across each region, underpinned by volume mix of almost 4% as well as by some pricing of around 12%. Our business is proving to be resilient, both in emerging markets, which grew 19%, with strong performance virtually everywhere, and in developed markets, which grew more than 13% with balanced trends from both North America and in Europe. Turning to portfolio performance on slide 13. Our chocolate, biscuits, gum and candy businesses, all posted double-digit increases in Q3. Biscuit increased plus 12.4%. Oreo, LU, Biscuit, TUC, 7Days and Clif delivered double-digit growth and robust volumes. Chocolate grew plus 14.9%, with double-digit growth in both developed and emerging markets. Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka, Toblerone and Lacta all posted double-digit increases. Gum and candy grew more than 30%, with particular strength coming from emerging markets. Now let's review market and share performance on slide 14. We held or gained share in 65% of our revenue base, driven by brand building investments as well as solid North America supply chain performance and strong sales execution, particularly in emerging markets. Moving to regional performance on slide 15. As far as Q3 goals, we delivered double-digit revenue growth in every single region, with a significant contribution from healthy volume/mix growth, including Europe, which has rebounded after lending pricing this summer and is now in a much stronger position. This robust growth and volume performance translated into operating leverage across the business. Notwithstanding material marketing investment, profit growth delivery has been very strong in all regions. Europe grew plus 15.4%, with nearly 30% OI growth that was driven by pricing and volume/mix. Top line strength was broad-based with the UK, Germany and France, among those posted strong results. Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka, Oreo, 7Days and Grenade were among brands with double-digit growth. European elasticities remained stable in both chocolate and biscuits. North America grew plus 11.4%, with OI dollar growth of more than 24%, driven by higher pricing and volume/mix growth of 4.6%. Oreo, Clif, Tate's and Sour Patch, all grew double-digits, while Ritz and belVita posted high single-digit increases in the quarter. Profitability in the base business remained strong, while acquired businesses, such as Clif and Tate's, posted strong double-digit profit dollar growth. This is an important proof point showing how accretive our M&A agenda can be. Clif profitability continues to improve. And as I said last quarter, we still have some synergies opportunities as we have now integrated the platform into SAP. AMEA grew plus 11.9%, with volume/mix growth of more than 3%. OI dollars increased plus 18.1%. India and Australia grew double-digits, while China increased high single-digits in the quarter. Latin America grew more than 35% with OI dollar growth of nearly plus 37%. LA top line grew more than 16%, ex Argentina. Mexico to Western Andean countries and Brazil, once again delivered great results. Ricolino grew high single-digits and remains on track in terms of integration work. Moving to page 16. We delivered nearly $650 million in gross profit dollar growth or more than 22%, driven by top line growth, volume leverage and productivity. Year-to-date, GP dollar growth is now more than $1.7 billion. This provides ample funding to reinvest for future growth and flow to the net earnings line. OI dollar growth was more than $300 million for the quarter or up more than 24% versus last year, driven by solid cost discipline, effective pricing and volume leverage. Year-to-date, OI dollars have grown $880 million or almost 24%. EPS on slide 17. Year-to-date, EPS grew more than 18% in constant currency or more than 13% reported dollars, driven primarily by strong operating gains. Turning to slide 18. Free cash flow is $2.4 billion year-to-date, which represents an increase of $0.5 billion year-over-year. Year-to-date, capital return is $2.2 billion. Moving to our outlook on page 20. Given the strength of our Q3 and year-to-date performance, strong volume/mix momentum across our brands and overall demand resilience, we are now raising our full year outlook for both revenue and EPS. We now expect top line growth of 14% to 15% versus our original outlook of 5% to 7% and most recent outlook of 12% plus. EPS growth is also expected to be approximately 16% versus our prior outlook of 12% plus and original outlook of high single-digit. In terms of the assumptions, no change to our double-digit inflation. We also expect interest expenses of approximately $325 million for the year. Leverage is expected to be in the mid to upper 2s range by year-end. With respect to currency, we now expect $0.15 of EPS headwinds related to ForEx impact for the year versus $0.11 in our prior outlook, of which $0.12 have been materialized already in the year-to-date. On the gum divestiture that became effective as of the beginning of October, this current outlook reflects the loss of the business for the entirety of Q4. We are not providing yet restated financials as teams are working through the definition of the impact and importantly, the removal of stranded costs. While we will provide a full update in the next earnings cycle, we do not expect any material EPS dilution as we will remove majority of stranded costs in '24. The outlook revision reflects our increased confidence in the year, ongoing resilience of consumer consumption in our categories, relatively benign elasticities, continued brand reinvestments and completion of pricing in Europe and the health of our emerging markets. There is a lot of volatility around the world, and it is important to note that this current outlook does not reflect a material deterioration of the geopolitical environment and ForEx rounding some areas of the business. Finally, a word on share repurchases. Now that we have received the proceeds of our sales outcome, our balance sheet is the strongest it has ever been, with long tenure debt at very compelling interest rates relative to the current cost environment. We decided to post buybacks in Q3 and were in our traditional blackout periods late in the quarter and the month leading up to earnings. However, we expect to consider buybacks for the remainder of the year and into next, given the current stock price versus our view of intrinsic value and long-term potential of our company. We realize we have underspent versus our original outlook of $2 billion for the year and that provides the opportunity to take advantage of current low stock price levels. Additionally, we could pull forward from our '24 share repurchases if an appropriate opportunity presented itself. We will be flexible and opportunistic in our timing, depending on the various useful factors. We believe this is the right thing to do, given the current context. Importantly, this does not represent a change in our ability to pursue our well-defined capital allocation strategies as our priorities remain the same in terms of reinvesting in the business and in selected strategically and financially attractive bolt-on M&As as well as strong dividend growth. With that, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much. Good afternoon. Dirk, clearly, pricing, as you went through was very strong in the quarter. But despite this volume came in better than our forecast in every region as well. And we know price sort of comes and goes. So I'd really like your thoughts more on how you feel about the sustainability of volume growth going forward, particularly in the context of sort of the state of the consumer as you see it?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Thank you, Andrew, and hello. First of all, yes, maybe restating quickly what is driving the volume growth in the different regions to give a clarification around that. And yes, we are constructive as it relates to volume for the remainder of this year and next year and then talk a little bit about the consumer. So we have a strong volume/mix across all our regions. And overall, we're up almost 4%. If I start with North America, there we are up 4.6% in year-to-date, 3% in volume/mix. The categories are experiencing a little bit of softness there. But our biscuit business is performing significantly better and delivering some significant volume share gains, about 1.2 points in the last 3 months. We also have that from unmeasured channels, which are performing well, the club channels, online because consumers are shifting there because that gives them better pricing opportunities. Switching to Europe. There, we see a 3.3% volume/mix increase. Year-to-date, that is flat seen the disruption that we had in the beginning of the year. We see biscuits and chocolate volumes being quite resilient. And in Q3, we saw the volume/mix growth accelerating, outpacing the rest of food. The reason there is that the elasticities are quite solid. And we also take into account that we are lapping 2022 disruptions in Europe. And then emerging markets is up 3.4% in volume/mix. Year-to-date, also 3.4%, but we have certain markets like India and Mexico, where we have double-digit volume growth. It's quite remarkable because these markets have quite significant pricing, all the emerging markets. And the reason being is that the consumer confidence is quite good. The demand is resilient. We see the consumer in places like India, China, Mexico are in a four-year high, and that is clearly having an effect on demand. We also are gaining in these markets by expanding our distribution. That's always an extra benefit that we have. And we've been doing smart downsizing. One of the things we do in these markets is our LUPs or lower unit price. We try to keep that price constant that we have the entry into the category not being affected. Going forward, we expect the recovery in Europe to continue because pricing has landed and we are back on the shelf, and we are running full force in our commercial activities. Our inventory levels around the world are very healthy, including in North America, so we don't see any effect there. The elasticities remain relatively benign. But here and there, some modest upticks, but all the dynamics are included in our outlook. We think that the expansion of volume in emerging markets is going to continue. And in fact, it's a good problem to have. But in India and Mexico, the key challenge is to how to keep up with the heavy volume increase that we're seeing. And then we believe that everything we're doing for our long-term strategy is the things we are focused on and different activities that we have planned confirmation that is working for us, particularly also, for instance, the reinvestments we're doing. Maybe quickly on the consumer because that is probably the biggest factors to keep in mind as you think about volumes going forward. We find that consumer demand remains very resilient in our key markets. Consumers continue to prioritize spending on grocery and branded products. And we see the consumer confidence outlook for '24 stable for developed markets in North America and Europe, but very positive for emerging markets. So if I quickly think this through, modest improvement probably in consumer confidence in Europe and Australia. Why? Because the inflation is clearly easing there. They see the real disposable income go up. There is some shifting to smaller packs in places like France and the UK and to discounters because they're looking still for value for money. But overall, we feel pretty good about the consumer in Europe and Australia. In the US and Canada, we think the consumer confidence will be holding, but we have to monitor the trends quite closely because we see shifts to non-measured channels, as I said, such as e-commerce and club, we see buying of more multipacks. We see lower income families pull back on the amount of the frequency of their trips to the store. And we also have the delayed unwinding of the pantry loading from -- due to the phasing out of the SNAP benefits. And then emerging markets, we continue to see steady improvements with those four-year highs that I was talking about. Consumer is very optimistic about the future. Even in China, consumer confidence is improving, but slower, but we still have like 60% of our Chinese families expect their income to improve. Private label, maybe private label is losing share in the US and Canada. There is a bit of a watch out in Europe because brands have been taking pricing. But overall, I would say, we feel very good about the outlook for the rest of the year and for next year.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thank you for all the color. Really helpful. And a very quick follow-up just for Luca, I think. Just regarding what the implications are for 4Q based on your updated full year guidance? And maybe more importantly, any high-level thoughts to consider for '24 at this point? Thanks again.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Andrew. So our revised top line estimate of 14% to 15% implies a revenue growth for Q4, which is around about 7% to 10% which, considering we are lapping a 15.5% top line growth last year, makes really the two-year stack comparable to year-to-date numbers. And so I think that should give you a sense of where we're going to land the Q4. Keep in mind that we also want to keep a tight control on retailer inventory as we enter next year because, obviously, there is potentially some pricing, and we won't really to enter with a strong momentum into Q1. On EPS, the expected growth of around about 16% for the year implies a moderate increase in constant currency in Q4. Reason for that is, again, the heightened investment in A&C. And in addition, as I said in the prepared remarks, there is some ForEx volatility, particularly around certain markets like Argentina, Nigeria, Pakistan and Egypt. And it is quite difficult to predict what exchange rates will be in the course of the quarter. So quite, frankly, I have been a little bit cautious with our assumption. And as I don't want to surprise anyone. Also remember, gum is completely removed from this number. So this is not really a like-for-like. And I think you're going to like you realize the EPS and continued profit expansion in Q4. I also want to reassure you that the emerging markets are doing very, very, very well. And we don't necessarily disclose numbers, but EBIT is up more than 20% in emerging markets on a year-to-date basis in real dollar terms. So these are, again, a market that can be volatile. But in the end, they deliver a good profit for us. On '24, we are clearly in the process of finalizing our plan, but I can give you a little bit of the soundbites around '24. First of all, I think it is undeniable that the business is having good momentum, and that momentum from where we sit today will continue as we enter into -- as we go into '24, both in terms of top and bottom line. Pricing contribution will be clearly less important than this year, but we still see pricing contributing more than an average year, particularly as we need to price for cocoa, sugar and other commodities. A good portion as we went through the plans with the majority of the business units, a good portion of growth in both in developed and emerging markets will be coming through distribution expansion. And that will help preserve volume momentum into '24. And I think you know that our categories in emerging markets are underpenetrated, and we have made investment to really continue to grow. Platforms that we have acquired in recent months like Clif and Ricolino are progressing very well. And they will deliver more synergies as we go into '24. And while I don't have a number on the gum divestiture to disclose to you, the idea that we have is really to get rid of all the stranded costs associated with the divestiture of gum in developed markets. So I can't be more precise, but so far, so good in terms of '24 expected financials I would say.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman, JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman: Hey, thank you. I just wanted to get a clearer sense of the messaging around share repo. You paused in 3Q. You reduced your outlook for the year. But at the same time, you're saying, hey, if there's an opportunity, maybe you can pull forward some of your planned repo for '24, if I heard that right. So I just wanted to maybe sure I heard that right that I can reconcile these comments. And maybe it's just as simple as you pivoted a bit toward debt paydown earlier this year, you weren't 100% sure when gum would close. Now these factors are somewhat behind you, so you can forge ahead on buybacks. I just want to ensure it's a little bit of a whipsaw effect there in terms of how we're seeing or I'm seeing the commentary? I just wanted to make sure I can clarify that.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Ken. No, you're absolutely correct and right in your analysis. We continue to see share repurchases as a key driver of total shareholder return. I do analysis regularly on the buybacks that we do historically, and we present them to our Board as well. I mean it's fair to say that all the repurchases we have done since the creation of Mondelez have yielded good -- very good returns, while in excess of our cost of capital. Our ability to buy back stock at this point in time is meaningful considering what we have bought so far this year. And look, we will remain flexible and disciplined. The reality is, I also believe that our stock is a bit undervalued at this point in time. And so we will be tactical in the way we approach this. But I don't have really much to add versus what you correctly said in your question. I also want to make sure that it is clear that this doesn't imply anything in terms of changes from our capital allocation framework. I mentioned Clif and Ricolino in the prepared remarks. I'm very pleased with the numbers that I see coming to. I think those were great opportunity for us to deploy capital. Dirk mentioned that we have some capacity constraints. There is nothing better in my mind that investing in brands that are proven like Oreo, Milka, Cadbury Dairy Milk. Proven proposition, distribution gains et cetera are really making the return on those investments quite good. And finally, dividends, we are committed, and we will continue to raise dividends in the foreseeable future. So strong cash flow, I think, you might have seen $0.5 billion up versus last year. Everything is going fine in terms of capital allocation, I would say.
Kenneth Goldman: And then quickly, just at the risk of, I guess, eliciting some grown maybe by dredging up last month's topic, just curious where you are in your research about GLP-1s? Even on a broad level, if you don't have specifics, is there a reason to think that your snacking categories won't be affected, just assuming there's any impact at all? Just wanted to kind of pick around for your initial thoughts there.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Thanks, Ken. Well, first of all, I think the whole topic has been overblown. And I think it's important to put it in perspective and look at the data. At this stage, we see absolutely no short-term impact on our results. We don't see it in our business. We are, of course, monitoring and we have a special work stream to stay close to the topic. We do estimates, we do projections, we talk to pharmaceutical companies, we talk to consumers and so on. So we're staying close to the subject. But long-term, even using the most optimistic forecast, we believe the impact will be very modest to our volumes in our categories. We're talking about 0.5% to 1% volume effect 10 years down the road. That's based on what we know today and projections that are not ours, but that are being used by several different sources, and that assumes quite significant adoption rates of the drug. Even if the impact would be bigger than that, I think over a 10-year period, it will be manageable, and we will have adequate lead time to adjust and prepare for any changes that we see. Having said all that, if you think about it, obesity rates around the world are very different. And we have one of the lowest exposures since 75% of our sales come from outside of the US, 40% of our sales are in emerging markets. And so the average BMIs in all those countries are much lower than in the US So our exposure is significantly lower than some of the other food companies. On top of that, I believe that our portfolio is really well positioned. We constantly innovate and adapt our products. We do that all the time to adapt to changing consumers' tastes and behaviour's. Portion control is a big part of our strategy. So 20% of our sales are already in snacks that are less than 200 calories. We have a large part of our portfolio that is chocolate, which is not hunger satisfaction, but it's a small indulgence. And we have healthier alternatives like for the breakfast occasion, belVita, which is a replacement snack or some of our snack bars, which are meal replacement, and that fit perfectly into the diet of GLP-1 patients. So if I go through all that and if I'm honest, at this stage, this is really into our top areas that we are focused on and that we are trying to manage. We monitor it, but it's really not a big concern for us at this stage.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane, Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, thanks, operator. Good evening guy. So I guess I had one follow-up to Ken's question and another question. In terms of the follow-up to Ken, in terms of capital allocation, Luca, you had -- you were opportunistic, right, in terms of paying down commercial paper. You paid off the term loan this year, kind of attacking some of those either variable rate or avoiding sort of swapping out of low interest to high interest . So as you're looking over the next year or two, like are there even many opportunities to where you would opportunistically pay down debt? Or again, not changing your capital allocation sort of philosophy, but just it doesn't seem -- it doesn't appear that paying down debt would necessarily be at the top of the list just given what you've done over the past year? And then I have a follow-up.
Luca Zaramella: No, I think, that's absolutely correct. We are very happy with the loan tenure debt that we have. The average cost of debt is very compelling. It was a series of decisions that we took over the last few months, including the sell-down of KDP to really go and strengthen the balance sheet and making sure that we were not facing material pressure in the interest cost line. I think in hindsight that has proven to be quite a good decision. The reality is, I still see our stock as undervalued. And so when you look at the cash flow this year, and you adjust for the coffee taxes that are really one-time in nature, I mean, you start talking about $3.7 billion, $3.8 billion of cash flow generation. And I think if you take that and continuous growth of dividend, we have what it takes really to manage the business very well. And so I don't feel really compelled at this point in time to go and pay down more debt. We have some debt coming due next year. It is absolutely manageable. And when that comes due, hopefully, interest costs will be lower than today, but again, not really a major concern for me at this point.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Great. And then just two follow-ups on some of the commentary you've made about '24, and I might have missed this, but I think you had said previously mid-single-digit cost of goods inflation for '24. So just is that still something we should work with? And then as we're thinking about organic sales growth, I think, you've been in this quarter, if you take Argentina and gum, collectively, they contributed about 500 basis points to the organic sales comp. So just -- I don't know, as we're thinking about not extrapolating too much, right? Just how we should think about some of the other puts and takes on organic sales growth and understanding you gave some comments about volume and price, but just want to get your perspective on that, those two items?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Maybe look, transparently and it is noted both on the pages of the prepared remarks and in my script. Argentina, I think, in total for the company accounted for a little bit more than two points, not much more than that. If you strip out gum completely from the year-to-date numbers and for the -- both volume and revenue, I would say there is no material change to either volume or net revenue. So in terms of growth rates, I would say Argentina is clear, but it has always been in that range, I would say, a little bit higher in Q3. In terms of gum, no material impact to the top line dynamics on both volume and revenue. I think as you go into next year, or as we go into next year, the inflation that you're going to see is higher than mid-single-digit. I think it is going to be towards the higher end of 5% to 10% at this point in time. Coco lately has had a material spike. The reason being the pulp count coming out of [indiscernible] and Africa has been materially different than what people expected, I would say. So there is pressure on coco. The good news is we are covered for a good portion of the first half next year, and we are protected as well for the remainder of the year. So I'm not going to give you a lot of details here, but you would expect inflation in general to go up. And lately, I think you know, energy costs have been going up a little bit more crude oil, particularly. So I would say we are not done, I believe, in terms of inflation at this point in time. There's still could be variability exchange rates is the other one that comes into play. But it might be a little bit higher than the mid-single digits we told you, but we are going to be flexible for sure. As we go through the plans, we have a sensitivity analysis, and we make sure that we are never going to be called by surprise here. Our coverage is favorable, but we will be pricing at replacement cost into '24.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer, Evercore ISI.
David Palmer: Thanks. Just, first, a follow-up on Andrew's 2024 question. It seems like we should be thinking at least in an year for profit, but maybe a little bit higher than normal on revenue, largely because of the pricing side. Correct me if I'm wrong on that thinking. But digging deeper, I just wanted to ask you, you mentioned some things that were giving you confidence about next year, such as the distribution gains in emerging markets. What are some of the hurdles or watchouts that you're really thinking about specifically for your business? This earlier this year, it was about getting through pricing in Europe. What are some things you're really watching out for as you go into this next year?
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, David. I don't want to spoil the '24 guidance too much. I know you really want to get a sense of where '24 is going to be look at this point. We have made material investments in the business this year. We believe our categories are very sound across the world. I think we -- you saw the share numbers we have been posting. We are happy with overall business momentum. I don't want to say exactly how next year is going to play out at this point. I think your assertion on top line and bottom line is more or less correct. I said we are working through the implications of gum and the EPS impact of it and stranded costs. I'll give you a little bit more color in the next quarter. As far as distribution goes, look, particularly in emerging markets, there is a reason as to why we are telling you, China for us is okay or India is okay or Mexico is okay. And the reason is that our categories in general are underpenetrated. And the second reason I would say is there is a meaningful amount of growth, both in developed and emerging markets that is coming out of distribution gains. I think in the US, for a series of reasons you know, supply chain-related, we lost some PDPs along the way. We are reinstating those PDPs. We are going into alternate channels where our share is a little bit lower. So at this point in time, I feel good that you're going to see a good policy top line into '24. Hopefully, that helps, but I can't spoil it much more than that.
David Palmer: No, that's helpful. Just a quick question on the US. There was another player out there that we're seeing some reduced merchandising activity and shelf presence because of clean store initiative and a major retailer. You guys are pretty good at getting merchandising. Is that going to affect your business in the near term in the US?
Dirk Van de Put: No, no. We are in good shape as it relates to shelf availability and stock levels. The shelf availability is higher than it was last year. The stock levels are where they should be. They're not high. Our sales are higher, our units are higher. We have more displays, we have more items carried with that retailer. So we see no effect. I want to point out that we do have a DSD system that covers the stores. And that is always very helpful in driving in-store execution and finding the necessary extra space and presence. And so we're also making sure that we have the right level of staffing at store level. But no, I cannot confirm that we see the same effect. We feel very good about how things are playing out at the moment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery, Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: Thank you and good afternoon. Just wanted to check on Ricolino. You've said that the integration is progressing well. That's a case where you have a revenue synergy opportunity just given their distribution footprint. How quickly is that ramping up? Is it -- can you give an update on just how that's progressing and if that's coming along with your expectations? I think the expectation was it would give a lift to some of your legacy brands as well. How is that coming along?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So talking about the top line synergies, first, what -- how we're going to get those is that we are integrating the two distribution systems. And that will, for our side of the equation, triple the amount of distribution points that we will have. So pretty important top line synergies there. But the first step is to get that integration going. We're in the middle of testing. We had to carve out the distribution system out of Bimbo and for Ricolino and set up a new system, which is bigger than what we currently have in the company. So we have to open about 100 distribution centers. In Mexico, we're three quarters along the way with that, and that is going very well on time and as planned. And we have started the testing of the combined routes in several of those distribution centers. So the effect will start to take place from now going forward for the next 18 months, I would say, that we get the benefits to sort of work out for us. So far, everything is working out exactly as planned. And so we have high hopes that you will see the significant benefit from that next year.
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Smith, Stifel.
Matthew Smith: Hi. Thank you. Just wanted to follow up on the commentary about the channel shift in the US with club and e-commerce growing much faster than measured channels in the biscuit business. Can you talk about how that's impacting your share performance and if there's a margin difference for you between the channels? And maybe just as a follow-up, are you seeing or hearing from retailers in the measured channels that they're adjusting for the consumer behavior shift?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So, yes, the shift is noticeable largely because those channels offer larger packs, both online and in the club channels and that's what consumers are looking for. We see our volume share going up overall due to the share that we are gaining, although those channels are not always measured, but we know that our shares are going up there. So we feel pretty good about what's going on there. The margin for us is about the same. So we don't see a significant margin effect. And as it relates to some of the consumer benefits we see, for instance, a brand like belVita is benefiting from that shift because it has a bigger presence in those channels. So overall, I would say, clearly a volume effect -- a volume and a share effect for us. No effect on the margins and no real necessary adaptation from our side.
Matthew Smith: Thank you for that. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our final question comes from John Baumgartner, Mizuho Securities.
John Baumgartner: Good afternoon. Thanks for fitting me in.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, John.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, John.
John Baumgartner: Hi, there. Luca I'd like to ask about reinvestment. Overhead expenses were up double-digits in Q3. They're also up double digits year-to-date as well, I think. Can you just update us on the progress there, where you've made the biggest improvements in capabilities for this year's spending? What capabilities you plan to build next with future investments into through 2024? And then maybe how you're thinking about generating operating leverage on that spending as we move forward?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. So the numbers are somewhat impacted by the acquisitions as well. So the acquisitions are clearly incremental year-on-year and they make their way into overhead cost and particularly. So the way you have to think about our overhead cost is the following. We have been managing inflation quite effectively as a company. Inflation, though, particularly labor-related inflation, has been a little bit higher. In these numbers, there is a cost associated with our management incentive plan and long-term incentive plan. The company has done very well, and that has resulted in some incremental costs. All the rest in terms of corporate costs and other functions, we have been investing in three areas selectively. One, it is digital capabilities, and it is the biggest bump you see in corporate costs. We have been investing in sales, and we have been investing in marketing. All the other functions has managed inflation that is below of the revenue growth in their respective market. And functions like finance, particularly has been pretty much, I would say, a little bit higher than flat in terms of cost. So we have been selectively investing in three areas digital services, sales and marketing, and that will continue into next year. All their assets being kept absolutely in control. And then there is a cost associated with the acquisitions and management incentive plans. That's a simple way you have to think about it. Where do we spend in terms of investments? We will continue investing in sales capabilities, particularly in emerging markets. We will continue to invest in marketing, both people and A&C, as we call it. And in terms of digital, there is going to be an acceleration. We are looking into as a major investment that is coming our way and that is both capital and running costs, but it's too early to talk about that. So hopefully, that provides you with some color around our total overhead costs.
John Baumgartner: Yes. That's great. And then, Dirk, just coming back to the adjacent categories, the packaged croissant the snack bars, I think you referred to it as being in a test and learn phase. And I'm curious, there's a lot going on right now with innovation, synergies and the assets. What sort of stands out to you thus far in terms of surprises or having a greater appreciation for these assets? What are you -- I guess, what are you learning from test and learn at this point?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, I wouldn't say it's all test and learn. So it's a mixture of just reinforcing the businesses that we have, more launches from our own range, doing some geographical expansion, doing some distribution expansion. So it's a lot more than test and learn. If I start with snack bars, I think we are discovering the power of snack bars. That's why we highlighted it in the prepared remarks. We're doing particularly well with Clif and also with a brand like Grenade in the UK and in Europe, which is really growing very fast. So first conclusion would be snack bars are going to be a real strength for us. There's a big opportunity in the rest of the world. If you look at the development of the snack bar market in the US, it's far ahead of the rest of the world. So we see a huge opportunity there in the years to come. And particularly in the Anglo-Saxon countries, we think that's going to happen first. As it relates to cakes and pastries, there is this segment, which is in-store bakery. Give & Go, that's not a test and learn anymore. That's now a $900 million business, but that has been very incremental to us. We've seen some very significant growth. It's a segment that is growing very fast, and we're taking share. So our expectation is that going forward, Give & Go will continue to see big growth because clients like Target or Walmart are moving from made in-stores towards freeze and thaw, which is what Give & Go is offering there. So second conclusion, the in-store bakery segment is going to be very interesting for us going forward. And then the third one that is important for us is the expansion of our current brands into the cakes and pastries market. So we've launched Cakesters in the US or we have launched Airy Cake in China under Oreo, both very big successes. Things that are clearly an indication that our brands have the potential to play in this cakes and pastries space, and it's a very nice addition and really extends the footprint and the consumers that we have. And then lastly, there is Chipita, which is the packaged croissant. We're doing test and learns in three markets at the moment around the world. Not all the results are in, but we've seen, for instance, in a country like Brazil that there is a real interest. The segment is really not that established, but our test and learn was very positive, and we are now gearing up for a launch in the country. I'm expecting in the other countries that we are doing some tests that we will get similar results because if you think about it, Give & Go was already very successful in places like Mexico or in the Middle East. So it's a real sort of emerging market proposition, meal replacement at a very affordable price, reasonable quantity of product. So I think there's going to be a real opportunity to make that a worldwide business for us. So those would be the four big ones at the moment from the adjacencies. So far, so very good, I would say. We'll keep on informing you. But everything is going in line or in fact well above plan in this area.
Dirk Van de Put: I think with that we -- Okay. Thank you. And with that, we've come to the end of our call. We feel good about the quarter. We feel good about the next quarter and about next year. Thank you for your interest and see you next quarter.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Mondelez International Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides which are available on our website. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. As we discuss our results today, unless noted as reported, we'll be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures, which adjust for certain items included in our GAAP results. In addition, we provide our year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis, unless otherwise noted. You can find the comparable GAAP measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. Today, Dirk will provide a business and strategy update, followed by a review of our financial results and outlook by Luca. We will close with Q&A. I'll now turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Thanks, Shep, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. I will start on slide four. I'm pleased to share that we delivered strong broad-based top-line growth during the first half of the year. Our strong performance was driven by effective pricing combined with healthy volume growth in three of our four regions. Europe was the lone exception due to expected disruption driven by retailer negotiations. We continue to execute on our long-term strategy and we see robust momentum and solid consumer confidence across geographies and categories. We successfully implemented our planned price increases in Europe, closing our customer negotiations in line with expectations. With this behind us, we feel good about the remainder of the year in Europe. We also feel good about continued consumer confidence. We continue to drive robust demand in our core categories across the vast majority of our businesses, resulting in both value and volume growth. Our strong profit dollar growth was driven by cost discipline and pricing to offset cost inflation. We continue to invest in our brands, capabilities and portfolio reshaping initiatives to accelerate and compound growth and we remain confident that our proven strategy delivered by our world-class team positions us well to deliver another strong year. Based on the strength of our first half performance and our latest view across businesses, we are raising our full year organic net revenue and adjusted EPS growth outlook to 12% plus. Turning to slide five. You can see that the first half of 2023 showed continued momentum across our entire business. We delivered the first half organic net revenue growth of $2.7 billion, up nearly 18% versus prior year and significantly ahead of our already strong 12% in full year 2022. This includes a 15.8% growth for the quarter. We also delivered adjusted gross profit dollar growth of more than $1 billion. Again, we are well ahead of last year's pace with 18.9% growth. We are proud of our team's continued focus and agility, which enable us to continue investing to drive further growth acceleration. Our A&C investment is increasing 18% in the first half of the year. These results translated into strong adjusted OI growth of close to $600 million, up 23% and again well ahead of last year's pace. On slide six, you can see a few examples of our brand acceleration strategy in action. Our continued investments in creative assets, personalization at scale and innovation combined with strong in-store execution are resulting in continued sales growth and brand loyalty increases in our core categories of Chocolates, Biscuits and Baked Snacks. For example, in China we launched Oreo Airy Cake in March driven by the strength of the Oreo name as the world's favourite cookie this new packaged cake already has achieved a 3.5% market share and 80% of the velocity of its leading competitor in large stores. And China is one of our most important emerging markets. This is just one example of numerous innovations to expand our key brands into adjacent spaces and formats. We are also continuing to renovate our recipes to stay a step ahead of changing consumer and customer tastes. For instance, we recently launched our first under 100 calories Cadbury treat for adults. This is a great example of our commitment to help consumers snack mindfully. We are offering a broader range of portion-controlled packs and products, but also our portion-controlled education campaigns both digitally and on pack. In the Baked Snacks segment, we continue to accelerate both top and bottom-line performance in Clif Bar. We remain focused on improving service levels and supply-chain efficiencies, while further advancing productivity and effectiveness in our media spend and continuing to strengthen brand equity. We are also continuing to introduce new culturally relevant flavors to strengthen consumer loyalty for our local jewel brands. For example, Lacta has been a leader in Brazilian chocolate for over 110 years. Following the successful launch of Lacta tablets filled with Oreo we recently rolled out two new line extensions filled with additional Lacta products that Brazilians already know and love. There's Sonho de Valsa bonbons made with chocolate and cashew nut filling as well as Ouro Branco candies made with wafers filled with chocolate cream and covered in white chocolate. These are just a few examples of the innovative ways our teams are driving growth in our iconic chocolate, biscuits and baked snacks franchises continuously investing in new formats pack sizes and flavor combinations that drive incrementality and encourage consumers to experience our brands in new ways. Within the baked snacks segment we are especially excited about our strong performance in the rapidly growing cakes and pastry space. Let's take a closer look on slide seven. Earlier, I mentioned the Oreo Airy Cake in China as a great example of our brand acceleration efforts in emerging markets. Similarly, in developed markets, we are making solid progress in expanding our successful cookie and chocolate franchises into choco-bakery, cakes and pastries. For instance, in the United States, Oreo Cakesters are continuing to perform well. Since the recent launch of this fan favorite, it already has earned a 3.7 share of packaged snacks cakes Give & Go is another solid success story in our North American baked snacks lineup where we are continuing to drive distribution and innovation. Share is up 0.5 year-to-date, driven by solid pricing execution, expansion into adjacencies such as mini donuts, and strong category demand. Meantime, in Europe, 7Days continues to advance its position as the number one package croissant, and we have exciting plans to continue to grow with footprint beyond Europe, including recent test and learn trials in a number of emerging markets. Turning to slide eight. We continue to invest in digital commerce and revenue growth management tools and capabilities to support our brands while strengthening our partnerships with leading customers. I'm pleased to share that we have achieved the number one market share position in digital commerce in our top five markets of the United States, China, United Kingdom, France, and Brazil, while over-delivering in up-and-coming emerging markets such as India, Philippines, Brazil, Mexico, and Poland, which are up 40% year-to-date. We continue accelerating eB2B capabilities to expand distribution and strengthen our partnerships with key customers. Additionally, our increased investments in elevating RGM strategies and actions are driving strong value realization, helping to offset inflationary pressures. We have appointed dedicated RGM leadership and teams in all key markets supported with new proprietary data and analytics assessments, digital tools and a comprehensive training program. We are confident that these ongoing investments will deliver sustainable improvements in growth, efficiency, and ultimately margin. Along with our financial performance, I am pleased to share that we continue to make significant progress in advancing our environmental, social, and governance strategy. In May, we published our annual Snacking Made Right report reinforcing our 2025 goals and documenting our latest performance in priority areas. These include sourcing key ingredients more sustainably, reducing carbon emissions and increasing recyclable packaging. We are also improving performance in social impact and diversity, equity, and inclusion, both internally and in partnership with our suppliers as well as helping consumers snack more mindfully through improved portion education and increased focus on single portion packs. We continue to believe that helping to drive positive change at scale across these important areas is an integral part of value creation with positive returns for all our stakeholders. We encourage you to read our Snacking Made Right report for more details and context on our progress. With that, I'll turn it over to Luca to share additional insights on our financials.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk, and good afternoon. Q2 marked another strong quarter for our business. Double-digit organic net revenue growth across each region, sound pricing execution, strong profit dollar growth and significant brand reinvestment enable us to continue driving sustainable value creation. Revenue grew plus 15.8% with strong volume mix growth in North America, Latin America, and EMEA. Overall volume mix was flat for the quarter, despite the expected customer disruption in Europe. Recall last year's Q2 total company volume mix was plus 5%, making this performance even more impressive. Emerging markets grew more than 23%, with strong performance across significant numbers of markets. While developed markets grew 11% with balanced strength from both North America and Europe and despite customer disruption. Turning to portfolio performance on slide 12. Chocolates, Biscuits, Gum and Candy businesses all posted another quarter of double-digit increases in Q2. Biscuits increased plus 13.9%. Oreo, Ritz, Chips Ahoy!, Give & Go, TUC and Club Social all deliver double-digit growth. Clif though not inorganic also posted strong growth. Chocolate grew plus 13.7% with strength in both developed and emerging markets. Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka, Lacta, Toblerone all delivered double-digit increases. We are very pleased with the performance of our core categories of chocolate and biscuits which albeit impacted in the quarter by customer disruption are on a solid trajectory. For both we expect good volume momentum as we move forward in the year now that negotiations in Europe are behind us. Gum and Candy grew more than 30% with trends across our business units especially in emerging markets. Now let's review market and share performance on slide 13. We held or gained share in 70% of our revenue base. The US continues to make service-level improvements and ended Q2 with good on-shelf availability and inventory levels. Moving to page 14. We deliver more than $540 million in gross profit growth or 20% in Q2 driven by top-line productivity and cost discipline. This also resulted in year-over-year gross margin expansion in all regions except Europe, which was impacted by expected customer disruption. Now that pricing is implemented, we expect improvements in Europe too. This growth provides significant fuel to invest behind our brands as well as significant earnings flow through. Moving to regional performance on slide 15. We delivered double-digit revenue growth in all regions, while also delivering volume mix increases in all regions, but Europe that got impacted by pricing-related disruption. This growth translated into operating leverage, NOI dollar growth across the board. Europe grew plus 13.1% with double-digit OI growth. Importantly, pricing has now been lending and we expect that this will lead to a better second half volume and margin performance. Overall, the consumer remains resilient with elasticity is holding up relatively well in chocolate and biscuit, while we saw some incremental elasticity in part of our cheese and grocery business. North America grew plus 12.4% with OI dollar growth of more than 29%, driven by higher pricing, volume mix of 2% and strength from both our base Biscuits business and our ventures, such as Give & Go, Perfect Snacks and Clif. Clif also posted robust growth and deliver another operating margin increase of double-digit percentage points in Q2 versus last year. Now profitability is approaching the level of total North America, but we still have to generate material synergies both on revenue and cost line. So Clif is a business that is growing as now some margins and still with meaningful synergy potential. AMEA grew 13.2% with solid volume mix growth of more than 3%, while dollars increased plus 4.2%. India, China, Southeast Asia, all posted strong top-line growth for the quarter. Latin America grew more than 37% with OI dollar growth of nearly 65%. Mexico, Western Andean countries and Brazil, all turned in robust quarters. Ricolino remains on track in terms of integration, and we expect to begin capturing more benefits towards the end of the year. Next to EPS on slide 16. In the quarter, EPS grew plus 21.5% in constant currency or nearly 17% at reported dollars. Turning to slide 17. Free cash flow was $1.5 billion in the first half with $1.7 billion in return of capital to shareholders. We also announced today an increase in our dividends of plus 10%, marking a double-digit increase in eight of the last nine years of the history of Mondelez. Turning to our outlook on page 19. Given the strength of our Q2 and first half performance the successful conclusion of our negotiations in Europe, the strong volume momentum of our brands, we are raising our full year outlook for both revenue growth and adjusted EPS. We now expect top-line growth of 12% plus versus our original outlook of 5% to 7% and most recent outlook of 10% plus. EPS growth is also expected to be 12% plus versus our prior outlook of 10% plus and the original outlook of high single-digits. Note, our free cash flow outlook remains unchanged at $3.3 billion, given $400 million in cash taxes related to the sell-down and exit of our KDP position. In terms of key assumptions we continue to expect a double-digit inflation increase for '23, driven by elevated cost in packaging ingredients, labor and lapping favorable commodity hedges in 2022. With respect to interest expense, we now expect $380 million for the year, given recent coffee asset monetization and term-loan reductions. We also expect to end the year around mid-twos in terms of leverage, based on current conditions. As a reminder, given the liquidation of our KDP position in mid-July there will be no dividend income recorded enough to. We now expect $0.11 of EPS of headwinds related to ForEx impact for the year versus $0.09 in our prior outlook. The outlook revision reflects our increased confidence in the year. Ongoing resilience of consumer consumption in our categories, relatively benign elasticities, continued brand reinvestments, and completion of pricing in Europe as well as health of our emerging markets. This current outlook does not consider a material deterioration of geopolitical environment surrounding some areas of our business. With that, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Appreciate it. First off, Dirk, we've heard so far from a bunch of food companies that have reported earnings of some, maybe very recent changes in things like consumer behavior, retailer inventory destocking, competitiveness, and maybe generally greater sluggishness in category volumes as pricing has lapped. I was hoping you could talk a bit about the landscape as it relates to Mondelez specifically. And any changes sort of one way or the other that are notable for you?
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Thanks, Andrew. Well, and based on H1, we obviously feel quite good about how our portfolio is performing. We have brought growth in the different regions, in the different categories across most of our brands. The pricing went through quite well, strong pricing, I would say compared to others. We have very good volume mix growth in three out of four regions. And the only region that was disrupted was Europe, but that was due to customer disruption, and we foresee for the second half that we will see solid volume growth in Europe. Our share is increasing, North America is finally recovered. We are gaining share in AMEA. Europe, of course, still a bit of a drag on share, but that's again because of this client disruption. You'll see that our emerging markets are doing quite well, broadly in the top and the bottom-line. So we are generating good gross profit. So we can continue to invest strongly in our brands and in our capabilities. The acquisitions are doing well, I would point to Clif. And yeah we have double-digit growth in adjusted and really PSO. The whole picture for us, looks pretty good. If I look a little bit further on the environment at least in our categories, we see strong consumer confidence. We would say that it's improving in the developed and in the emerging markets and the price sensitivity seems to be plateauing, particularly the emerging market consumer, I would say, is very, very solid. If I think about the competition, I think the big difference between us and the competition will be that we have a very strong top-line combined with some good volume growth and promo levels, we see some increase in promo levels in Biscuit, but it's largely flat and down somewhere else. We even see promo prices going up faster than non-promo prices in percentage. From a pricing perspective, we have done as what was needed. So most of our '23 pricing is taken. North America was already done in December of last year. Europe was closed, in line with expectations in Q2 and emerging markets are exactly on plan. And then the elasticity, we don't see a change in the elasticity, which has been low, as you know. We do see consumers shopping around more, hoping to find deals. The quantity bag per shopping trip is the same, but they tend to shop a little bit less frequently, but nothing really that preoccupies us. And so to close, I would say, the volume is strong. Europe will recover in the second half, and this will be the strongest H1. And we believe here that we have delivered as Mondelez. So we think we are quite -- doing quite well there. Maybe a few words on Europe, which is probably the most important thing for us. It obviously has been, for us, a very dynamic environment. Top line demand has been quite good, 13.1% growth, but the volume/mix was down 4.5 points, but that was due primarily through that client disruption. I want to reemphasize that all 2023 clients negotiations have closed successfully and all the pricing was landed in line with plan. We will see some inflationary costs continuing in cocoa and sugar going into 2024. And we are planning to do some strong investments in the second half in Europe. So if you think that through and you say, okay, these pricing negotiations are behind us, we are positive on H2. And so what you could expect for H2 in Europe is that our volumes will grow. We are ready to execute in store. We have planned key promotions because now with this negotiation behind us, we can go full force again. I think as a consequence of that, you will see our share improve. We also start lapping prior year headwinds. And our margins will start to recover as the pricing is now fully implemented. So I think three levels of good news, volume, share and margins. Our categories continue to do well. Consumers seem to prioritize them. Also in Europe, elasticities remain low despite some strong price inflation. Yes, if you talk about our cheese or grocery categories, there we see a little bit of an uptick in elasticity, but that's a smaller percentage of our business. HFS in the UK looks pretty manageable at this stage. The consumer is adjusting to the changes that they see in store. We see a bigger impact on seasonal and gifting, but the impact on standard chocolate seems to be minor. So I would say the main news that we have is that we are expecting a good second half for Europe on top of all the other things. Hope that gives you a picture, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Yes. No, really, really complete. So I appreciate that. One very quick one for Luca. The company raised constant currency EPS growth expectations to 12% plus from 10 plus. I guess consensus is already relatively close to the 12% mark. So I guess I'm just curious how investors should think about the plus in the guide. Thanks so much.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Andrew. Yes. Before I go to the plus part, maybe briefly to provide some color on what underpins the new outlook. I think there are three important drivers to point to in terms of our new outlook. One, it is clearly the strong first half. And importantly, the quality of the results we are posting. I'm particularly happy with the operating part of the EPS growth. Second, I think it is really the underlying broad-based trends of our business, the resilience of our brands. I'm happy with volume and value growth and the continued investment. And third, as we mentioned a few times, Europe with price fully lending and in line with expectations. So maybe a word briefly by geography. Emerging markets are on a roll. We are quite happy. Some pricing is causing some areas of concern in terms of elasticity, but those are the minority of the market and not really important in the big scheme of things. The US and North America are posting a terrific P&L, and we are very pleased with Clif. And Europe has improved profitability already in Q2. But as we said last quarter, at that time, we had 80% of the price implemented. Now that pricing is 100% secured, we expect volume and revenue growth as well as margin improvement for Europe. So quite frankly, there is a good chance that we exceed the 12% plus guidance, but I prefer having another quarter under the belt and then narrow guidance for Q4. If all things play out as we have in mind, as I said, there are good chances we will exceed the guidance. Bear in mind that we want to start 2024 strong. And so if there is upside in terms of profitability and EPS, we might decide to reinvest selectively some of the upside to get really a fast start into 2024, too.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, thanks, operator. Good afternoon, guys.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Brian.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Brian.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, I got two questions, one on the net interest guidance and the second one on Clif. So maybe first one for you, Luca. Net interest expense guidance came down again I think by about $20 million versus where we were coming out of 1Q. And I just want to make sure, I think you paid off a $750 million term loan with the KDP proceeds. So is this just simply a function of half a year interest savings on paying the term loan off? Or is there anything else that drove the lower net interest expense?
Luca Zaramella: No, that is it. It is debt coming down. You're going to see a good leverage as we end the year. We plan to be at like 2.5 times debt, which is quite good. And yes, it is as simple as us paying down the term loan.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thanks. And then, Dirk, in your prepared comments, you talked about Clif pretty encouragingly, right, in terms of the margins approaching, I guess, the segment level and then there's more synergy. And then it sounds like you're also expanding on revenue. So can you just maybe give us a little bit of a progress report on kind of where you stand with Clif today relative to where it was when you acquired it? Is your integration and is the acquisition model kind of running ahead of expectations? And just how we should think about maybe how impactful Clif might be as we look forward?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So we've seen in the first half, very strong double-digit revenue growth. And the margins, the OI margin versus previous year is up more than 1,000 basis points. So we've increased prices, some of the first thing I would say. We've increased prices more aggressively than Clif would have done historically. We increased prices in August, in January and another one later in Q1. And so we see low elasticity, I would say. So that's having a big impact. The second big thing that we are doing is the service has improved. We reduced SKUs. And we started to operate the plants a little bit better. And so that has given to a good increase in the service level. Then we changed the promotional plan. That has successfully kicked off. Fourth thing is that our media buying is more efficient than theirs. So we were able to also get some benefits from that. So those are some of the things we've done. The integration is taking place in a number of steps, like a big one is the systems integration later on in the year. But so far, where we have streamlined the teams and we've brought more clarity on how we want to operate the business that is all going well. But as we said in the prepared remarks that the real benefit of the cost synergies is still largely to come. We've already seen some benefits, but it's in the second half of this year and beginning of next year that we will get the real benefit from it. So I would say you can probably make the calculation. It's close to a $1 billion business. That improves its margin by the amount that I was closing. So that will have a reasonable impact on the total company.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks, Dirk. Thanks, Luca.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you. Thank you, Bryan.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Palmer: Thank you. A question on Europe pricing and the impact on volume. You mentioned the pricing is complete. How are you thinking about the volume for that region in the second half given that some of that disruption is behind you and you're lapping some disruption in the second half versus '22?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So as I said, we don't really give volume guidance per region, but we would see some solid volume growth in the second half driven by exactly the factors that you were saying. So we have the pricing negotiations behind us, that pricing will be implemented. The disruption is gone. Last year, in the second half, we increased our prices in Europe, and we had more disruption. We will lap that. So that's going to have a benefit for us. We have elasticities in Europe that are relatively benign. So despite the newly implemented pricing, we don't think that, that's going to have a major effect on the volume. So we're not giving you the number, it's going to be a nice solid volume growth for the second half.
David Palmer: And then I couldn't help but notice you featured cake and pastries a couple of times in your slides. And it seems like a logical extension to have Oreo have a snack cake. But I wonder how big could your aspirations be in that category. It doesn't seem as big as some of your other categories. So I'm wondering, do you see snack cakes and pastries being an ongoing sizable growth contributor? And maybe give us a sense of how you think about the TAM there, the opportunity there and how you're going to go about it. Thanks.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So well, first of all, cakes and pastries is not a small category. It's not the size of biscuits, but it's not too far away from it. And so it's a big opportunity around the world. It's a very fragmented category with sometimes relatively commoditized products in there. But there is a real opportunity to bring strong brands with high-quality products. And so that's really the play that we're going forward through an Oreo Airy Cake in China or Cakesters here in the US or Give & Go in the fresh section or a Chipita in Europe with pre-packaged croissants for instance. So we think that there is a whole play for us there. At the moment, we're around the 3%, 4% market share of the whole category. So plenty of room to go. With that, we are already the number two player. And so that indicates how fragmented it is. The category itself has been growing quite nicely over the past three years. It is a category that exists across all markets. It covers different occasions than our typical biscuits and chocolate, so that makes it very interesting for them. And so we think with these new quality products and our brands, we can really make a significant impact. And I'm not going to give an exact number, but we would expect that our cake and pastry business in the coming year should double or triple and lift us up to close to a 10% market share. So for us, it's going to be a significant contribution to the growth of the company.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi. Thank you. I wanted to ask, as we look at the future charts for cocoa and sugar, you might indicate that theoretically, right, down the road, some additional pricing might be needed to offset more inflation. I appreciate you're not in a position today, right, to talk about pricing that hasn't been announced. But just conceptually, is there any reason to think that you wouldn't be able or willing to if needed, raise list prices again, especially if European elasticities, I guess, maybe aren't that bad and you're -- given your commentary about some improve or improving consumer confidence. Thanks.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you for the question, Ken. Look, the increase in sugar and cocoa specifically is material. I mean, we are talking about most likely a 30-plus percent if you look at the last 12 months or even more, particularly in cocoa. I think when you look at the quality of the brands, we said the fact that we had invested materially around the world in our brands, the fact that there are strong bonds with consumers and I believe pricing is -- will be a necessity in chocolate. I'm not going to elaborate on the details. Also, bear in mind that particularly in emerging markets, we are going to be very mindful about not vacating price point. And so we will use RGM. And then over the last couple of years, I would say we have learned the ins and outs of implementing pricing around the world. And I think it is needed, and we're going to do it most likely.
Kenneth Goldman: Thanks. And then just one quick follow-up. Are there any peculiarities or cadence issues we should think about that are not necessarily obvious? Just as we model 3Q versus 4Q, any timing or headwinds or tailwinds that might not be apparent at first glance, if I could say. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: No. Look, I don't think there is anything that you're going to see in terms of outliers that are going to cause material issues or material opportunities in Q3. You're going to see a volume rebound in Europe. As a consequence, I think, obviously, there is going to be a better situation for the totality of the company. I'm not going to guide you exactly on gross profit. But you're going to see double-digit, most likely revenue growth and double-digit EBIT growth. Below the line, the items can vary. But I think when you really look at Q3, Q4, you're going to see strong operating gains coming through the P&L. And I didn't talk a lot about cash flow, but very happy with that, too. And you're going to see us delivering the cash flow despite the $400 million headwind related to the coffee KDP sales.
Kenneth Goldman: Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Christopher Carey: Hey, everyone.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Chris.
Christopher Carey: So just one follow-up and then just a second question around the guidance commentary. But Luca, I think you said that you expected leverage at the end of the year to be in the 2.5 times range. That would be a historically low level for the company. At that level, how should we be thinking about deployment of capital at that point? You repurchase more shares. You have too many deals recently. And clearly, you're doing great work on Clif. So is there low-hanging fruit on what you've already added? It just stood out to me that you'll be trending toward a historically low level of leverage. And at that point, I think there's going to be probably some observations around what that capacity could be used for. And then just one other quick follow-up on the EPS upside comment for the full year. There was also a comment just around spending back, right? So like how do you think about, as we get through the year, this concept, okay, there could be some upside, but you're also quite committed to the spending back. Like where does that kind of tension play out, right? Volumes get weaker, you're going to spend back more. If not, there's some upside, just maybe any context on that as well. So thanks for that on the leverage and just upside versus investment. Thanks so much.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. No, I think the first thing first is the underlying strength of the EBITDA in the business. So we are converting cash quite well from net income that is coming. And that is the first element of the equation. The second one is the fact that we are going to get $1.3 plus billion of proceeds from the gum sale, and that will further enhance the situation. I'm not going to tell you that we are going to run the company forever at this level of leverage. But reality is, absent M&A I think this is most likely a little bit of a new norm. What you have also to keep in mind is both in the case of Clif and Ricolino, we are doing quite a good job in terms of integration. And I think deployment of capital behind M&A, particularly, has been something that the company has done well. Capital allocation behind fleet, we quoted a few numbers. I think this is a great opportunity, and it shows that we can generate quite a bit of value through M&A. We don't control necessarily time of M&A. But on the M&A, if something comes along, we're going to be on it. Also, bear in mind that there are parts of the portfolio that we might decide eventually to divest down the road. So I think from a leverage standpoint, we are really in a good shape. The EPS upside, the -- one of the things I believe that is delivering volume growth for us, it is the fact that, yes, we price, but we continue to invest in the business, not only in terms of A&C, but also quality and other things. We talked a little bit earlier in the year about the mill carry launch in Europe and the improved formula as one example. And what I meant by EPS upside is we clearly have in mind the fact that we might have a little bit of headroom in terms of profitability. And we want to use a little bit of that headroom selectively in some places to really go after incremental distribution opportunities, to really go after incremental investments such as we get a good start into 2024. It will be on a case by case, but we consistently ask around the business, do you have opportunities to accelerate. And we do it on a quarterly basis, and so stay tuned. You'll learn more as we post Q3 results.
Christopher Carey: Okay. Thanks so much.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English: Hey, folks. Thanks for calling me in.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Jason.
Jason English: Look, I want to pull on that thread you just brought up, the opportunity to drive accelerating growth, invest, find distribution. I believe in the past, you've outlined some of the distribution opportunities you see in front of you in Brazil and Southeast Asia and India as well as the opportunity that's coming on the back of the Ricolino acquisition. Can you update us something on where those opportunities lie, how much progress you've made and how much progress is supposed to be had?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. The opportunities typically lie in the emerging markets in the first place. And so the countries that you should be thinking about are India and China where we have been going at the rate of well over 100,000 to 200,000 new stores every year. That is going to continue, that speed at which we continue to grow. We do the same in Southeast Asia, and we're also looking at opportunities to do something similar in Latin America. So that's the number 1 driver of what we think. And you should think about it at the same pace as what it has been in the last two, three years. The second one is, we call it going broader, which means that we can start to increase the range of our products that are available in stores, also, again, largely in emerging markets. That's another big driver of our distribution. China has started to do that in the last two, three years. And that's going pretty well for us. And so that's a second sort of front that we are working on around the world. And then the last one is the acquisitions where we are starting to do test and learn with these products in different markets around the world. So we have a number of tests and learns going on in Chipita. We have some Grenade test and learn. We will have some Clif test and learns around the world. And we are expecting that from that, we will learn which countries those would have a big opportunity to start being distributed. So that you should see as a third front. In the first two, three years, I wouldn't expect that you would see a major impact on our numbers. But later on, as these things take shape, I think that will start to play a significant role. If I think order of magnitude that you should think about it, if I think about in India or in China, I would say 1/3 of the growth is driven by distribution expansion. So that gives you an order of magnitude.
Jason English: Powerful stuff. I appreciate it. I'll pass it on.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Jason
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Mizuho Securities. Your line is open.
John Baumgartner : Good afternoon. Thanks for the questions.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, John.
John Baumgartner: Hi, I wanted to stick with the emerging markets, but maybe in the context of local brands. It looks as though the market share growth has stalled out a bit in the last couple of quarters, at least in Europe. And maybe that's a function of the success of global brands sort of crowding out the locals. But if you could elaborate there, just on your resource allocation, where you are at this point, what are the expectations for locals across the portfolio going forward? And how you think about the ability for global and local to grow share simultaneously? Because I think historically, the largest opportunities you have to recover lost share in locals is Eastern Europe, Asia, chocolate biscuits. So curious about your thoughts there. Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So well, first of all, I would say Europe, you have to be a bit careful because you have the whole client disruption going through there. So if our share is affected, that has to see with the client disruption. But if I think about the performance of global and local brands, it is true that global brands have started to grow faster, I would say. We have a number of brands, particularly an Oreo, Milka, Cadbury, but also Dryden as a gum brand for example, or Halls, which are recuperating post COVID. So you have a number of global brands who -- the Oreo and Milka category is normal, but then you get an extra boost from things like Trident and Halls, which were not growing that much. We, for instance, are also working very hard on our Toblerone premiumization. So yes, at this stage, global brands are growing faster. They're well into the 20s. While local jewels are probably more in the mid-teens growth, still not bad. But that's a little bit the effect, as I explained to you. Does that mean that we have changed our resource allocation? No, not at all. And if anything, we're pushing our local teams to make sure that our local jewels get significant resources allocated to it because we believe that the opportunity is there. And so I wouldn't read too much into it. For instance, if you look at the 4-year CAGR, our global brands are double digits while our local jewels are high single digits. So very close to each other. And that's really what I point to. So we don't necessarily see anything there that would preoccupy us.
John Baumgartner: Thank you, Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good afternoon . I just wanted to follow up Dave Palmer's question about bakery. And maybe specifically, just with Give & Go, you mentioned how bringing branded and quality products was sort of the key to unlocking share gains and growth there. But fresh seems less branded and maybe sometimes very little branding. Is it opportunity there? How much can you push that maybe in certain sub-segments? And then as far as geographically explaining that, is there an opportunity for that as well?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, yes, when I talked about the branded part, I was talking more about the packaged cakes and pastries. And so if you think about Give & Go as a fresh business, branded can play a role, and I can explain you a little bit how we think about that. But it's largely driven through innovation, I would say, the growth of the Give & Go business and extra distribution. So you have to think about Give & Go as a player that makes mini cakes and pastries, so mini cupcakes, mini muffins, mini brownies, mini doughnuts. And that's a very interesting segment. It's a to-buy segment, and they do a great job in offering a quality product. We can make those products with some of our ingredients. So you can imagine a cupcake with Oreo on top of it. And so the branding can play a role. They've also started to develop their own brands. So it can play a role in Give & Go, but your observation is correct that it's more in the packaged part of things. Now the in-store bakery is very interesting for retailers in North America, but it's also happening in other parts of the world. We were in Australia, for instance, and one of the retailers there, their main interest was to talk to us about in-store bakery and how we could activate it together with them. The reason being that the other big benefit of Give & Go business is that it saves on labor. So you now get a product delivered to your store that is freeze and thaw, and you can avoid all the labor in store, and so that drives a big interest from the retailer on top. The consumer sees it as fresh. There is high interest. It's a section they want to increase. So I would certainly confirm that there is a growing interest around the world for fresh bakery.
Michael Lavery: That's great color. And just a follow-up on emerging markets, too. It sounds like there's strength broadly even in China. But can you just help us understand the Chinese consumer a little bit? Is your performance there doing well a function of a relatively low kind of accessible price point? Is it more food at home that's doing well? Can you just maybe unpack a little bit where the Chinese consumer is and how that fits with your portfolio?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, yes. So China grew double digit for us in Q2. One of the key effects that you need to think about is that we have a big gum business there. And as we are coming out of COVID, kind of strange. Nobody talks about COVID anymore in China, but the mobility is coming back, and so we have growth coming on our gum business. And on top of that, we have had a continued strong biscuit growth, which is more home consumption. In both cases, we are increasing our share. Biscuit is up almost 1 point in Q2 through very strong brand activations, and we're particularly happy with the success that Chips Ahoy! is having now as our second big biscuit brand next to Oreo in China. And then gum share is up 2.5 points, where we started to do some very targeted activations in lower-tier cities. The other thing that's particular about Chinese that digital commerce is about 20% of sales. And in Q2, digital commerce is starting to -- started to grow quite considerably at a 23% growth rate. So that all points towards on-the-go consumption because in China, digital commerce can be sometimes delivered in a very short period of time, but also home consumption offshore -- of course. The other thing to explain our China growth is that distribution expansion I was talking about in the previous question. So in Q2 alone, we've added 60,000 new stores in the super and mini channels as a part of that go deeper route-to-market strategy. And the last one I would point to is innovation. We launched that Oreo Airy Cake. I talked about it in the prepared remarks. And that's that expansion into baked snacks and cakes and pastries for us. So those are all the elements that are driving our Chinese growth. I think it's pretty solid for the quarters and years to come. We can work on all these fronts. We can continue to add distribution. We still have a huge opportunity. We have some interesting innovations coming up. We're getting better and better on our digital commerce. And I think the gum category will really rebound in the coming months, and that will be a boost to our growth there. As it relates to the consumer, the consumer is clearly -- the confidence is going up. But certainly, they are not yet to the bullishness that they had pre-pandemic. They're not cutting back on volumes, but they are clearly shopping around more, trying to find better deals, and they're also trading up and down as it relates to the pack size. We also see a shift to smaller stores because the quantity that they buy is smaller and they shop with more frequency. So I would say we are very encouraged by our China business. We have several fronts that allow us to grow. We've done that in the previous years. Those fronts have not been affected. And I believe that you will see some very good results coming from China in the second half of the year.
Michael Lavery: That's great color. Thanks so much.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Well, thank you. With that, I think we can conclude the call for the second quarter. Thank you so much for assisting and thank you for the confidence in the company.
Luca Zaramella : Thank you, everyone.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation, and you may disconnect at any time.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Mondelez International First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. As we discuss our results today, unless noted as reported, we'll be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures, which adjust for certain items included in our GAAP results. In addition, we provide our year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis, unless otherwise noted. You can find the comparable GAAP measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our Q1 2023 earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. Today, Dirk will provide a business and strategy update followed by review of our financial results and outlook by Luca. We will close with Q&A. I'll now turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Thanks, Shep, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. I will start on slide four. And I'm pleased to share that we are off to a record start in 2023 with very strong double-digit top line growth in the first quarter, driven by effective pricing and ongoing volume growth. We continue to execute on our long-term strategy and we see robust momentum across geographies and categories. We delivered strong performance in both emerging and developed markets and we successfully implemented circa-80% of our price increases in Europe. Our robust profit dollar growth was driven by volume leverage, cost discipline and pricing to offset cost inflation. Our strategic decision to focus our portfolio on the attractive categories of chocolate, biscuits and baked snacks continues to bear fruit, with consumers gravitating to those categories. We continue to invest in our brands, in our capabilities and our portfolio reshaping initiatives to accelerate and compound growth on both the top and bottom lines. We are confident that the strength of our brands, our proven strategy, our continued investments, and especially our talented people, position us well to deliver another strong year. Based on the strength of these Q1 results and our latest view across businesses, we are raising our revenue and adjusted earnings outlook to 10% plus for the year. Turning to slide five, you can see that the first quarter showed continued momentum across our entire business. Volume mix for the quarter was more than 3 percentage points, on pace with recent performance, demonstrating the continued strength and resiliency of our beloved brands and categories, even in an inflationary environment. We delivered organic net revenue growth of $1.5 billion versus prior year. At 19.4% growth, we delivered our best quarter ever, significantly ahead of our already strong 12% in full-year 2022. We also delivered adjusted gross profit dollar growth of $0.5 billion. Again, we are well ahead of last year's pace with 18.2% growth. We are proud of our team's continued focus and agility, which enable us to continue investing to drive further growth acceleration with an A&C increase of 19% for the quarter. These results translated into strong adjusted OI growth of close to $300 million, up nearly 21% and again well ahead of last year's base. We remain confident that our virtuous cycle of strong gross profit dollar growth, fueling local first commercial execution, increasing investments in our iconic brands empowered by winning culture, will continue to consistently deliver attractive growth. On slide six, a few examples of our brand strategy in action. We continue to invest in our core categories of chocolate, biscuits and baked snacks with strong creative assets, digital personalization at scale, new product launches and great in-store execution. All this continues to strengthen our already strong brand loyalty. It is clear that we are playing in the right categories with attractive growth in volume and dollars combined with solid profitability characteristics. There is also significant headroom in both penetration and per capita consumption in developed and developing markets. We continue to expand the breadth and reach of our chocolate leadership in the attractive and growing Latin America region. For example, we recently launched our chocolate brand, Milka into Colombia. Additionally, we launched two Milka ice cream products in Argentina in association with Froneri. We are excited about these opportunities to explore a new segment and reach more consumers, while expanding one of our most iconic brands into a new consumption occasion. We hit another milestone in the biscuit category, as Chips Ahoy! a $1 billion brand celebrates its 60th birthday. Our fifth largest brand globally Chips Ahoy! Has delivered almost double-digit revenue growth annually since 2018, yielding positive results from our increased A&C spend during that time period. The brand's current key markets are the United States and China, where the business is on a $200 million run rate. But Chips Ahoy! also has a sizable presence in Canada, Latin America and Southeast Asia. We have exciting plans to further expand this franchise, as we grow our leadership in both core biscuits and new shopper bakery innovations around the world. Oreo continues to grow -- to show sorry strong momentum across markets, as consumers continue to demonstrate that this iconic brand is truly the world's favorite cookie. Give & Go is a success story in our baked snacks line. It grew strong double-digits in Q1, driven by solid pricing execution, expansion into adjacencies such as mini donuts and strong category demand. These are just a few examples of our team's ongoing focus on delivering our growth and acceleration strategy as we continue to reinvest in, and drive our very powerful brands. Now let's take a look at our chocolate strategy on slide seven. Tablets remain the centerpiece of our chocolate franchise. Mondelez accounts for more than one-third of this segment's more than 3 times the size of the number two player. We continue to lead the segment year-after year. 2023 is off to a very strong start, aided by the recent launch of our renovated Milka formulation, the creamiest most tender Milka ever combined with some strong local [jewels] (ph). Our tablets business is up nearly half a point in market share, with particularly strong growth in Australia, Canada, Germany and Brazil. We are also performing well in the incremental segments of seasonal and gifting chocolate products. We delivered a record selling for the Easter season across markets, with Milka celebrating its first ever Easter in Chile. Our Cadbury team executed another successful virtual Easter egg hunt reaching more than 300,000 people in the United Kingdom, Ireland and South Africa, making our seasonal products even more iconic. We also are growing in the premium chocolate space. For example Toblerone volume is up more than 15% in Q1, fueled by its relaunch with updated on trend positioning. We are further strengthening the Toblerone portfolio with additional offerings including per lean, and personalized gifting. Switching to slide eight, solid execution against our integration playbook is delivering a strong start to the year for our recently acquired businesses. We are pleased that Clif in Q1 posted double-digit revenue growth and grew profitability by more than 1,000 basis points. We are making strong operational improvements, focusing on enhancing service levels and improving supply chain efficiencies, and we successfully implemented two rounds of pricing. Additionally, we recently announced the consolidation of creative and advertising agencies under a single partner, which will accelerate productivity in our media spend, while continuing to strengthen brand equity and loyalty. Similarly, our Ricolino business continues to demonstrate strong momentum in the fast growing and strategically important Mexican markets and we are making solid progress on integration. Along with our financial performance, I am pleased to share that we continue to make significant progress in our sustainability strategy. We firmly believe that helping to drive positive change at scale is an integral part of value creation with positive returns for all of our stakeholders. As you can see on slide nine, this quarter, we announced the next chapter of Harmony, our European wheat sustainability program. With regenerative agriculture at its heart, this next chapter aims to mitigate climate change and reverse biodiversity losses, while investing in research, seeking to demonstrate that more sustainable wheat is also better quality meal. Created as the first program of its kind in 2008 with just a handful of farmers, the Harmony program now collaborates with more than 1,300 farmers across seven European countries. Our enhanced program will support these farmers in implementing a strongest charter of more sustainable farming practices such as further diversifying crop rotation, protecting pollinators and other wildlife and reducing pesticide use. Our goal is to grow 100% of the wheat volume needed for our European biscuit production under our expanded Harmony regenerative charter by 2030. This is just one example of the way that we are fully integrating our sustainability agenda within our day-to-day business operations and growth strategy. I am proud of team Mondelez continued progress in helping to make positive impact on critical environmental and social issues while creating value for shareholders and other stakeholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Luca to share additional insights on our financials.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk and good afternoon. Q1 was a great start to the year, broad-based volume, pricing, profit dollar growth, brand investment, earnings and free cash flow, all indicate that our strategy is sound, and our focus on execution is paying off. Our model is working well, while meaningful opportunities still exist to further drive our long-term ambitions. For the quarter, revenue growth was plus 19.4% with more than 3 points from volume mix. Emerging markets grew more than 25%, with strong performance across the overwhelming majority of countries. 4.5 points of this growth were attributable to volume mix. Developed markets grew 15.8% in Q1 with across the board strength, and more than 2 points of growth coming from volume mix. To note the customer disruption in Europe was more benign than we anticipated. Turning to portfolio performance on slide 12, chocolate biscuits, gum and candy all posted robust double-digit increases in Q1. Biscuits grew plus 16.9% with positive volume mix, despite substantial price increases. Oreo, Ritz, Chips Ahoy!, Give & Go and Club Social were among brands that delivered double-digit growth. Albeit not contributing to organic growth Clif posted good growth versus last year too. Chocolate grew more than 18% with significant growth across both developed and emerging markets. Volume was positive, despite some customer disruptions in Europe, albeit lower-than-anticipated. Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka, Lacta and Toblerone all delivered robust growth. And we had a record Easter selling, that based on preliminary data also resulted in record high sellout. Gum and candy grew 35% with robust growth across all of our key markets. Now let's review market share performance on slide 13. We held or gained share in 60% of our revenue base, which includes 10 points of headwinds coming from EU customer disruption. The U.S. continues to make service level improvements and in Q1 with good on-shelf availability and case fill rates, resulting in share being flat to last year. Given stabilization of the supply chain, we feel confident that share will continue to improve during the year in the U.S. Turning to page 14, we delivered strong double-digit to OI dollar growth driven by a gross profit increase of more than $540 million. These results enable us to continue to significantly fund our business for future growth, while also providing strong earnings and cash flow. Moving to regional results on slide 15, we delivered double-digit revenue growth and posted volume mix increases in all regions. This growth, fueled by pricing and volume leverage drove robust OI dollar growth across all regions. Europe grew plus 18.9% with high-single-digital OI growth. We have made progress in lending expected pricing increases with circa 80% of our customers and with lower disruption than we anticipated. We are still planning for some disruption in Q2, which has been factored into our revised outlook as the remaining 20% of our customer base is not done yet. Consumer's confidence has stabilized in much of the region, with many key countries trending back to spring 2022 levels. Elasticities of biscuits and chocolate are overall less negative than we anticipated, including in the U.K., where the impact of HFSS is less material than what we had forecasted. Overall, rather than cutting back significantly on size of their basket, consumers are shopping around, to find attractive deals and trading up and down in terms of pack sizes based on their specific needs and consumer occasions. They remain loyal to branded products, particularly in chocolate. Having said that, our focus is now on landing the remaining part of the price increases. North America grew plus 17.3% with OI dollar growth of more than 40%, driven by higher pricing, solid volume mix and strength from our ventures, particularly pleased. We are reassured by the quality of the P&L in the region and by the fact that volume is holding up well, while we still have opportunity of returning market share to steady growth. AMEA grew plus 13.8% with strong volume mix of nearly 6%. OI dollars increased plus 15.6%. India continues to be a key driver of success in the region and we also have ambitious plans in China that will benefit from a broader reopening after COVID. Latin America grew plus 39%, with OI dollar growth of more than 47%. We are very pleased with the performance in the region with clear progress made over the last couple of years in terms of execution and ability to drive key brands like Oreo to new heights. Ricolino is off to a strong start, but we have not yet realized the benefit of the full integration that will happen towards the end of the year. Next to EPS on slide 16. EPS grew plus 17.3% in constant currency or nearly plus 10% at reported dollars, driven primarily by strong operating gains. Turning to slide 17, we generated free cash flow of $900 million in Q1, returning $900 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. A few words on our recent KDP sell down on page 19. This investments has been highly successful demonstrating our disciplined and flexible approach to managing our investments and assets over time. Including dividends received and the market value of our remaining stake, this investments has generated a return of approximately 3.3 times our initial investment over a seven year period. We received approximately $1 billion in net proceeds from the most recent sale and now remaining stake is now 3.2%. From an accounting perspective, we will no longer account for these under the equity method, but rather recognizing dividends as the only income as of the dividend record day. We will adjust out mark-to-market quarterly re-measurement of the stake, in line with the gains that we have been obtained after each sell-down. These adjustments will be recorded in a new P&L line item, which will be below interest expenses. In terms of net EPS impact for 2023, purely on the basis of the different accounting treatment, we expect a headwind of approximately $0.03. I want to reiterate that this is merely accounting driven and not changing the essence of the investment itself. The gain on this sale, which is approximately $0.5 billion will run through the same account that we have used for past share sales. Finally, albeit a subsequent event to the quarter you might have noticed that we sold down also some stock for JDE Peet's. The transaction was equivalent to approximately EUR400 million through an equal combination of an outright sale and options at an only net discount of 2% to 3% versus the JDE stock price at the time of the transaction. Options had maturity, which is about six months. Both transactions, put us in a good spot in terms of our leverage and debt profile, and together with the expected proceeds of developed market gum, pretty much balanced the outflows related to the acquisition of Clif and Ricolino. Turning to our outlook on page 20, given the strength of our Q1 results and the overall operating environment across our business we are raising our full-year outlook for revenue growth and EPS. We now expect top line growth of 10% plus, versus our original outlook of 5% to 7%. EPS growth is expected to be 10% plus versus our previous outlook of high-single-digit growth. In terms of key assumptions, inflation is still expected to increase double-digit for 2023, driven by elevated cost in packaging energy ingredients and labor while lapping favorable hedges in 2022. In terms of interest expenses, we now expect $400 million for the year, given recent coffee transactions. We now expect $0.09 of EPS of headwinds related to ForEx impact for the year versus $0.04 in our previous outlook. The outlook revision reflect our increased confidence in another exceptionally strong year given the resilience of consumer consumption in our categories, more benign elasticities than we planned and share dynamics in enough to, as well as lower actual disruption and better environment in Europe. Having said that, we might have some more disruption for the remaining pricing, which will potentially affect Q2. Finally, continued strength in our emerging markets is what supports our improved guidance. This current outlook does not consider a material deterioration of geopolitical environment surrounding some areas of our business. With that, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks. Good afternoon, everybody.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Andrew.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: I guess first-off, Dirk. I was hoping you could double click a little bit on the emerging markets performance, which was obviously dramatically better than I think most certainly modeled and were expecting. Organic sales were up 25% and I guess I'm just looking for some color on some key drivers and maybe more importantly, sort of on the sustainability of the performance and how we should think about that as the year progresses?
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Yes, so definitely a very strong performance this quarter, but I would say already for several quarters that we have strength in our emerging markets. Our emerging markets for us are about 40% of our business, and as you said 25% growth in Q1. I think it's important also to see that there has been very strong or solid volume growth around 4%, 4.5% 5%. So it's not just the pricing. If I go a little bit through the markets, India keeps on growing at a very accelerated pace, strong double-digit, no real signs of a slowdown. Our outlook for '23 remains optimistic, and we have to invest in capacity increases, which we are doing. But as you know, it's a combination of the strength of our Cadbury and Oreo franchises who are receiving heavy support with strong innovations and as well a distribution expansion, where we still have a runway for several years to go. In China, we also have strong momentum. There we also see good share gains. We have in the past quarters been establishing Chips Ahoy! as a second biscuits brands after Oreo business as you noticed, mainly Biscuits and gum. And I think with the post-COVID period now in China, we see the confidence of the consumer going up and we're expecting a strong year in China also. Same thing as in India, heavy support in our brands, good innovations, building extra capacity and still big upside on increasing our distribution. In Mexico, we now with the acquisition of Ricolino have significantly increased our distribution power. So there we will see the distribution of Mondelez brands increasing significantly in the coming months. We also have double-digit growth in the quarters, and the whole acquisition and integration of Ricolino is on track. Then maybe adding Brazil. Brazil is also double-digit growth. We continue to see strong demand and we are expanding our distribution also in Brazil. So I would say, overall, the key markets in our emerging markets group are doing well and particularly in Latin America, I would add to that the whole economic environment is pretty strong. Important to note is that they have delivered and are delivering reported dollar growth in top and bottom line. And that the cash flow that we're generating is also very strong. So the return on our investments in emerging markets is very good. And I would say that we believe that we have a sustainable growth engine that will continue for the foreseeable future. The reasons for that we have stepped up in execution in a major way, we now for several years in a row have continued heavy reinvestment in our business. We have these distribution opportunities, and I've been mentioning and we keep on going deeper and deeper into distribution, setting up routes and presence, which are having a very good return, and we keep on doing that year-after-year. And as I've said macroeconomics in Latin America helping, and then also the gum business which during the pandemic suffered is one of the drivers of our growth in Latin America. At this stage consumer confidence is relatively strong. We have high loyalty in our brands and private label in emerging markets remains a relatively small challenge. So we continue to be very optimistic for 23 and beyond. We feel that we have plenty of opportunity. We have a lot of headroom for accelerated growth, I would say. The penetration of our categories is very low. The distribution runway in places like China, India, but even in places like Brazil and Mexico are high. And our brands like Oreo. Oreo, for instance is really exploding in Latin-America, but Cadbury in India, Milka that we are now launching throughout Latin America. So we see all this combined gives us the confidence that we will keep on doing well in our emerging markets.
Andrew Lazar: Really helpful. Appreciate that rundown. And then just super briefly, Luca, just from a guidance standpoint, it does not seem as though your expectations for the remainder of the year have necessarily changed that much and the upward guidance revisions primarily is based on the better than forecast 1Q results. So, I guess my question is, maybe how should investors think about the sort of the plus and the revised 10% plus constant currency EPS growth outlook, like the sort of the puts and takes are things to consider there. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, thank you, Andrew, you. Clearly, as we move through the year, we will be lapping materially higher quarter than Q1 last year, which is the only one quarter we had with high single digit. I think we moved obviously sequentially to higher revenue growth throughout the year. Reality is there might be a scenario there where we exceed the 10% floor that we had guided you to in terms of both revenue and EPS, but I think while I feel quite good on the underlying trends of the business, particularly in emerging markets, the strong momentum is there and obviously, we still have headroom to accelerate to a certain extent. I think I'm very pleased obviously with the U.S. and North America, which is on an upward trend. Excellent pricing execution supply chain improving. I think the watch out is a little bit on the European side. Happy with the improved profit in Q1, which is the result of the 80% of the pricing kicking in, but profitability in Europe is still not where it should be. So the remaining 20% of the pricing that is being implemented is important. Unknowns are in relation to this further pricing that is needed, a potentially related disruption and some macro volatility. But obviously as anywhere else in the business, we continue to invest and that coupled with additional pricing that will kick in should result in top about the line. So look. I think it is very early for us to guide you to something that is materially better than what we are saying at this point, but if everything plays out we might have further opportunities. I think the other one I want to hit briefly on which is the assumptions that we're making around commodities. We still see double-digit inflation rate in 2023, with obviously energy sugar ingredient posing most of the pressure. A good part of these inflationary pressures as I reminded these audience a few times, it is due to the favorable coverage we had in 2022. But in general, overall cost are not coming down materially. The most recent spikes in terms of cocoa and sugar prices are offsetting some of the other benefits that we see. I think you might have in the back of your mind percentage margins too. I said it a few times, we continued to be obsessed with dollar growth in cash and there might be some pressure in percentage terms, particularly in the next couple of quarters, but sequentially we will be much better throughout the year and we plan to end, clearly on the gross margin percentage positivity. But reality is we've driving a strategy that has being proven to be compelling for everyone. I said this about dollar growth.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thank you so much for that.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Hey, thank you. I wanted to ask you, most companies that we cover or at least that I cover now, pricing is exceeding their COGS inflation. For you it's still not a full offset. I think you mentioned that it was only a partial offset to the inflation. So I'm just curious, is there point this year when you do get pricing ahead of inflation? Is there any way to kind of forecast that? I just wanted to kind of get a sense of how we think about some of those potential tailwinds ahead, from that perspective.
Luca Zaramella: I think all-in all, we are quite pleased with the level of pricing that we have at this point in time. If you look at the three major pricing actions, we have taken in places like the U.S., I mean that is something that you see in the P&L with the segment profit growth that we have displayed here, which is 40%. Obviously that number there is synergies coming out of the ventures. But in general, we are happy with the level of pricing. The same in emerging markets overall. You look at Latin America, you realize how disciplined we have been with pricing. The model in AMEA is slightly different in the sense that volume leverage is absolutely critical in some of these places, and so maybe we have been a little bit less aggressive on pricing than we could have been, but all in all the P&L is working very well. And I think they quoted that A&C year on year is up almost 20%. And that gives you the understanding of how much we are investing in the business and also thinking ahead out of a potential inflationary period. Where pricing is not necessarily where it should be at this point in time, it is Europe. We told you 80% is being -- has been implemented already with a little disruption compared to what we had anticipated. There is still 20% to go. But I think once you get that 20% the picture will look quite a bit different than, in fact, Europe is the biggest segment we have. And I don't want to give the impression that we were shy on pricing, quite the opposite. We have done what was necessary. But obviously in our case we want to keep volume leverage. I think looking at the 3% plus volume mix is something that is remarkable in Q1 and that leverage into the P&L and the profit dollar growth that we have shown, I think it is a winning formula, at least for us.
Ken Goldman: Great, I'll pass it on, Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: All right. Thanks, operator. Good afternoon, everyone. Luca, two quick ones for you. One the clarification, just with the KDP accounting change, is the earnings base that we're using for 22 to calculate the EPS growth for 23, is that 289, so $0.06 below previous, or is it $0.03 because I think on one of the slides it said, the net effect was $0.03. So just want to make sure we're using the right 2022 base as a starting point. Then, I have a follow-up.
Luca Zaramella: Look, the simple answer to that question is we have to take out all the income that was related to KDP last year. And it was roundabout, I think post tax was $90 million give or take. We are replacing that with dividend. And the net effect between a dividend payout, which is roundabout 48% or 50% depending on the base. And the fact that we stripped out earnings last year in the tune of the $90 million, I told you is causing the headwind of $0.03. As we stated the base impact was $0.06 but year-on-year impact is due to accounting is really $0.03.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, okay. Yes so, I guess it's clear the base is 289, but as we're adding back you're capturing $0.03 of that $0.06 headwind back in 23, right. So but we're still starting -- our starting point is 289 to start the calculations off of for the forward guide?
Luca Zaramella: That's correct.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, okay. And then. I just had a follow-up and I think it's a follow-up to Ken's question just now. And just thinking about pricing and percentage margins, in the quarter. I think it was an $81 million hit to operating income from currencies, which it was like $0.06 of the $0.09 for the year. I'm assuming it's a little bit of a bigger hit at the gross profit line. We were thinking somewhere between 90 to a 100 basis points, maybe a gross margin. So I guess as we're thinking about margin progression, percentage margins and gross profit dollars. It seems like this is the worst of it, right, unless things change in this quarter in terms of the FX piece and like one tailwind we should see, assuming other things hold is it just that drag from foreign exchange should become a lot less severe as we move through especially the second half. Just want make sure I'm thinking about that correctly.
Luca Zaramella: I can tell you that sequentially the gross margin percentage albeit, I don't like talking about it, should improve throughout the year. Obviously today, if I look at gross margin and gross profit dollar growth throughout North America, Latin America, and as I said a good portion of AMEA, I'm very happy with the numbers I'm seeing. Europe is still impacted by the fact that there is 20% of pricing to go. And as we implement that the situation should sequentially improve.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, but the FX drag should -- again assuming things don't change from here, the FX drag should become less of a -- much less of an impact that it has been?
Luca Zaramella: Absolutely, it should.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, all right. Cool, thanks.
Dirk Van de Put: Youre welcome.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Palmer with Evercore ISI.
David Palmer: Thank you. Strong results in so many areas, but I'd be interested to hear if you had to choose two or three that really drove your increase versus guidance or upside versus your internal expectations, whether those are current trends or maybe just sources of visibility. I would imagine, what's going on in Europe with retailer and consumer response to pricing is high on the list, but I'd be interested to hear what also makes that sort of top three.
Dirk Van de Put: Yeah, the top three from me would be, yes, for sure Europe, where we were expecting a bigger client disruption, and that did not occur in Q1. As Luca said, we are only 80% done with the price increases, and we still have some negotiations going on. We could still see part of that client disruption in Q2, but that has been included in our outlook for the year. But that's certainly significantly better than we had anticipated. The second one that I would mention is the US, whereby you see a very solid top line, but the bottom line is probably the strongest increase driven by first of all, an improvement in our supply chain, but then also very strong recovery of Clif bars profitability since the acquisition, and we expect that positive trends for North-America will continue. And the third one is probably the ongoing strength in emerging markets. I already went there, but if I compare our emerging markets sort of growth of 25%, that stands for me well above any of our colleagues. And that has been going on for several quarters now. So those would be my top three, I would say, of what's carrying the quarter for us and probably is going to carry the year for us.
David Palmer: Thank you. That's helpful. I'm wondering to what degree this year, and what you're seeing going on, maybe internally, not just some of the macros informs how you view your company in the long term growth rate, of your company and to some degree we've had COVID obscure what might have been happening in terms of all the changes that have happened and of course you've made plenty of acquisitions that are adding to your long term growth rate. So does this make you feel more optimistic that the long term growth rate is heading in the right direction and higher?
Dirk Van de Put: Well. I think the recipe that we have is a strong recipe. We -- I went a little bit for instance in emerging markets through the different growth vectors that we have. But the fundamental principle is to make sure that we are well-positioned from a pricing perspective, that we continue to invest heavily in our brands, that we drive distribution, in-store presence, we work RGM. So we seem to have a recipe and a way of working that is really starting to click. So it certainly gives us confidence that we've got something going here that is very strong. What that exactly means going-forward because we are in a very particular period where last year and this year, we had to implement significant price increases. And I guess to our delight the consumer has not reacted by buying less product. They keep on buying the same or more product. But as we get through those price increases, growth will come down. We will have to see what happens with input costs going forward. So it's difficult to say, but I can certainly say that we are in durable categories that are doing particularly well in the circumstances that we are performing well, within those categories. So we feel very good about our long term algorithm. I think we have to wait a little bit to see where things will pan-out as we get through these price increases and that will be the moment to restate our long term growth algorithm. But so far. I would say very strong and we feel that we are in-line or above our long-term growth outlook algorithm for sure.
David Palmer: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Good evening, everyone.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi, there. So I've two quick questions. And first of all, where are we on the cost synergy recouping for the recent deals that you've done. It seems as though that was quite a strong benefit to profit growth recently, but I'm just wondering how much more there is.
Luca Zaramella: So let's start with Clif. We have announced a re-organization, Clif started from a relatively high level of SG&A We have protected and increased A&C and adding which we have been able to obtain Round about $10 million of synergy a year, given better rates that we have. There is already cost opportunities coming into the P&L in the area of selling and administration. The new organization is already in-place. The next step is really to go and get synergies in the area of COGS. So there is still quite a bit of -- a lot of opportunity, just for a reference point, as we acquired this business, the EBIT margin was not great. I think today, in Q1, particularly given the pricing, we have taken which is the other area where we brought quite a bit of discipline, the margin is just shy of 20%. So, it's quite a good outcome at this point in time. There is still more to come. We are thinking potentially about leveraging DSD and doing other things and obviously the biggest opportunity we see is establishing this brand internationally. So that hasn't started yet as a work stream. On Ricolino we just got the business. We have CSA's in-place still with Bimbo. As we implement SAP. And as we move towards the end-of-the year, thats the moment where we will start getting SG&A costs and COGS synergies, but reality is the biggest opportunity here is to set Oreo through the system and revenue synergy can be very, very material. So there is still more to come on both platforms. And I would say in general in the other ventures, there is still work to be done. And so potential synergies coming out there too.
Alexia Howard: Great. And then just as a quick follow-up, can you just quantify how much the retailer inventory rebuild benefited North America this quarter. And is there any more to come on that you will pass it on?
Dirk Van de Put: I think there was a slight positivity due to that. But reality is, we had been promoting less-than-optimal. And now that inventory is available, there is opportunity for us to do selective promotions and boost our brands, now that pricing is implemented. So pattern been material, I would say, and obviously in a context where you see this growth rate it is minimal, but we still have opportunities to really replenish stock more and now that we have potentially a little bit of more promotions coming, I think we are in a good position.
Alexia Howard: Great, thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey, good afternoon, folks. Thanks for slotting me in.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Jason.
Jason English: Couple of thoughts -- hey there. Couple of quick questions. Both also sticking on North-America for a moment. Great news on the margin progression and congrats on that. That's impressive in such a short-duration. We had been assuming that it was going to be a margin mix drag to both gross margins overall in this segment. With a 1,000 basis-points improvement that you've seen so far. Is it still margin dilutive? Are you now closer to parity with this sector?
Luca Zaramella: It is still margin dilutive on the overall segment. But again, as we think about potential opportunities in the years to come. This is another platform that we're going to integrate into SAP in the second part of the year. I'm sure the margins will get better. Pricing has been announced for the last round, but it hasn't kicked in yet. And there is now that we have stopped more opportunities to really activate that point of sales must stop leased as we called them, i.e. the right assortment by store is an area of opportunity that we have. So I'm confident that the margins will look quite close to the U.S. business going forward.
Jason English: That's good to hear and sticking on North America, it seems like supply chain has been this overhang that we've been talking about in North America for year upon, year upon year and maybe I'm exaggerating, just because it feels that long. But it's great that you're over the hump and you are seeing improvement. Nice to see the sales side of that. How about on the margin side? Clearly this has been costly to the business. How much of a margin drag the supply chain issues been and how much of a tailwind could that be, as you look to sort of rebuild that?
Luca Zaramella: I mean, well. I would say that is the whole -- this is a mix going on with the price increases that we have implemented together with some of the extra costs we're seeing incurred during the pandemic to get the right service and so on. You see in the recuperation face we also promoted less than we were planning because our inventories were low. So it's quite a complex picture to exactly pinpoint how much was due to the disruption, since we have to go through all these additional effect, but certainly is the case that the headwinds have moderated quite significantly. You know about the labor markets, the logistic situation. Our external manufacturers' network has improved significantly. So a lot of the cost headwinds that we were facing have now eased. That still doesn't mean that the cost have come back. There's been significant inflation. But I would say the resulting effects from our supply chain, improve, means that our inventory levels are back to the expected level. Service-level are reaching 90%. Our own sales availability is 96%. We still have some issues in our confectionery brands where the demand is higher than anticipated, and also Clif bar the service levels have fully recuperated. So at this stage I would say that the cost effects and the top line effects have largely eased. And we can now start to function normally with higher promotional levels and cost levels that are better. But it's very difficult for us to estimate exactly what it was. But going forward, things we're doing is we are increasing our capacity. We have changed our way of working and our relationship with our external manufacturers. The Inventories are rebuilt. We have simplified our portfolio. We've increased our -- sorry our warehousing capacity on top of our manufacturing capacity and we have implemented labor strategies for attention, and an improvement in temporary labor. So I think, apart from easing the cost, we've also put in place long-term solutions for our supply chain situation. Difficult to give you the exact number, but hopefully you can feel that we're in a much better spot as it relates to our supply chain in North America.
Jason English: Yes, for sure. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from John Baumgartner with Mizuho.
John Baumgartner: Good afternoon. Thanks for the question. I wanted to ask
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, good afternoon.
John Baumgartner: Yes, good afternoon. I wanted to ask, Luca. I wanted to ask about profitability in AMEA. You're heavy into reinvestment mode there. You also mentioned the pricing disparities in earlier question. So I'm curious at this point how you're thinking about the point at which volume mix growth relative to reinvestment. And I guess what I also think is pretty strong potential for accretive product mix over time. When that begin to yield leverage and sets you back to margin expansion? Or is a mid-teens margin just structural ceiling for AMEA? Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: I don't think there is a structural ceiling in AMEA. AMEA is Quite good in terms of profitability overall. I think when you look very closely to AMEA there are a set of countries that are -- I call them cash machines. The India or the China of the regions run on profit margins that are north of the average of the company. We invest in both businesses, roundabout 15% probably and see as a percentage of revenue, which is materially higher than the average of the company and we have cash conversion cycles whereby by growing these companies, not only we get the volume leverage that runs through a very sizable and bold machine both from a manufacturing standpoint, supply chain and sales, but also on negative cash conversion cycle, the cash throughput is impressive. There are countries where we have a little bit less material scale, the likes of Southeast Asia. There are certain countries in Southeast Asia, where the business is still developing, where categories like chocolates are not well established yet. And we are investing to make these categories much bigger for us. And there I think it is a matter of time, because the scale and the volume. We are adding will get to a point where the P&L will make perfect sense. As you might imagine that in these countries, we are investing both in terms of price points and support ahead of material expansion that I think it will come. And then obviously you have countries like Australia that are again, more mature markets where volume grows and we are happy with Australia overall. But it doesn't grow high-single-digit or double-digits as in other places, and there the evolution of profitability is fair. So as you think about AMEA, very happy with the sizable markets that are doing very well. In that emerging markets, like happy with Australia, the rest is the untapped opportunity. We are looking at and we have the obligation to invest for future growth and margins. I think it will come.
John Baumgartner: Thanks, Luca. Very helpful.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, John.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good afternoon.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi Michael.
Michael Lavery: Just wanted to understand, I love like on slide five how clear it is that your A&C spending is almost identical to your sales growth. So clearly, the percentage of your spending as a percent of sales is holding about constant. But you get really some operating leverage there just given the amount of pricing that's driving the top line growth. And so, on a per unit basis you're really coming out ahead. How do you think about managing that going forward? Is it sort of a luxury, you want to maintain. Some of that may be get adjusted to fall to the bottom-line or just help us understand how spending might evolve given how that dynamic sets it up.
Luca Zaramella: Clearly the 20% might be something that is on the high side. Now I can tell you one thing. One of the biggest differentiators of this company over the last three years, it has been level of investment. It has been quality of marketing, it has been brand support. We in the end sell brands and it is important that we keep line of sight to that. And I don't think you're going to see a consistently at 20% A&C increase, but at this point in time, where we are moving price points, where we are trying to retain and increase our consumer pools, it is important that we use these as an important accelerator of growth for years to come. And that's what it is at this point in time. When this inflationary cycle is done and good things will get more normal. I think what is a big differentiator is the level of volume and the scale, businesses are still going to have or not have. In our case, if you look consistently over the last few quarters, we have been growing volume. And there is a correlation between the level of investments we are making, both in terms of marketing and distribution. And so I don't think you're going to see consistent in 20% but realities that is still a big opportunity for us to get our brands where they belong, which is higher sales hop3rully quarter-after-quarter.
Michael Lavery: That's great color. Thank you so much.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you. With that we've come through the end of the goal obviously a strong quarter. We're looking-forward at this stage to a strong year. Thank you for your attendance and. Any other questions. Please refer to Shep in the IR team which we can follow-up with. Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: That concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Mondelez International Fourth Quarter 2022 and Full-Year Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez. Sir, please go ahead.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the Company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. As we discuss our results today, unless noted as reported, we'll be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures, which adjust for certain items included in our GAAP results. In addition, we provide our year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis unless otherwise noted. You can find the comparable GAAP measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. Today, Dirk will provide a business and strategy update, followed by review of our financial results and outlook by Luca. We will close with Q&A. I'll now turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Thanks, Shep, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. I will start on Slide 4. I am pleased to share that we delivered another record year, not only in size of the company, but also in profit dollar growth. Our strong topline performance was driven by excellent pricing execution and continued volume strength as consumers all over the world remain loyal to our iconic snacking brands. We delivered strong topline performance in both emerging and developed markets while continuing to exercise cost discipline. In keeping with our strategy of achieving global snacking leadership, we continue investing in our brands and capabilities while strengthening our portfolio with important bolt-on acquisitions that increase our exposure to attractive and growing categories and profit pools. We executed well against our long-term algorithm, returning $4 billion in capital to shareholders. Perhaps most importantly, we continue to invest in our people, building a deep and diverse team whose local routes and global insights enable us to stay a step ahead of rapidly changing customer and consumer tastes. We are confident that the strength of our brands, our proven strategy, our continued investments, and especially our great people position us well to achieve our long-term financial targets in 2023 and beyond. Along with our financial performance, I'm pleased to share that we made significant progress towards our environmental, social and governance agenda. You recall from our investor update last spring that we have elevated sustainability as the fourth pillar of our growth acceleration strategy. That's because we firmly believe that helping to drive positive change at scale is an integral part of our value creation with positive returns for all our stakeholders. Let me share a few highlights on Slide 5. First, we continued to advance our leadership in more sustainably sourcing cocoa and wheat, our two most critical ingredients. We launched the next chapter of Cocoa Life, our signature cocoa sourcing program with another $600 million commitment, bringing our total investment to $1 billion. Cocoa Life is working to lift up the people and restore landscapes where cocoa grows. Similarly, we will launch in the first quarter of 2023, an updated vision for our Harmony Wheat program focused on more sustainably sourcing wheat across the European Union. We continued advancing our Light and Right packaging strategy. For example, our Cadbury Dairy Milk chocolate in the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand now are wrapped in packaging with more than 30% recycled content. We also continue to make progress on tackling climate change. We expanded our use of renewable energy to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse emissions, and in about 80% of farms in our Cocoa Life program in West Africa, we achieved near to no deforestation, reducing Scope 3 emissions. Since 2018, we have reduced our CO2 emissions by more than 20%. We also remain focused on advancing diversity, equity, and inclusion because we firmly believe that diverse perspectives and viewpoints make our company stronger while helping us stay closer to our customers and consumers. As an example, we increase the gender and racial diversity of our Board of Directors with the appointment of industry leading experts. We are proud of team Mondelez continued success in making important impacts on these critical environmental, social and [governments] issues, while creating value for our shareholders and other key stakeholders. Turning to Slide 6, you can see that we had a record year despite challenging operating conditions. We view our strong performance in 2022 as evidence that our long-term strategy continues to deliver for our stakeholders. Organic volume grew 2.7% for the year on pace with recent years, demonstrating the continued strength of our resilient brands and categories even in an inflationary environment. Organic net revenue grew by 12.3%, significantly lapping the prior three years performance with broad-based growth across all regions. We also delivered record adjusted gross profit dollar growth of $1.4 billion. We are proud of our team's ability to offset major cost pressures to enable us to continue investing in the business, which will drive further growth acceleration. Accordingly, we increased A&C investment by double-digit, helping to keep our brand top of mind for both consumers and customers. These pricing cost management an investing activities translated into strong operating income growth of more than $580 million. We remain confident that our virtuous cycle of strong gross profit dollar growth, which fuels local first commercial investment and execution, will continue to consistently deliver attractive profit growth. We are especially confident that our unique growth strategy centered on acceleration and focus will enable us to continue to successfully navigate the dynamic global operating environment, differentiating us from many other food companies. On Slide 7, you can see that despite the volatile environment, we have the right setup and strategy to ensure we deliver against our growth algorithm. Momentum in emerging markets, with particularly China and India showing strong results combined with the resilience of our categories as evidenced by strong volume growth is helping us to offset the challenges that many companies are facing, such as global cost inflation, the energy crisis, recession concerns in Europe and supply chain volatility. Our consumer continues to hold up well across most geographies, prioritizing snacking and buying more volumes of our products despite significant price increases. Our U.S. supply chain is gradually getting back to normal after a long period of sub-optimal customer service triggered by the 2021 strike and the subsequent overall supply chain volatility. We are continuing to implement appropriate incremental price increases across key markets, including Europe. We also continue to take appropriate action to hedge our commodity costs while continuing to advance our ongoing productivity initiatives. All of the above allows us to increase our investment in brands and capabilities every year, which underpin our growth momentum. Our ability to deliver real dollar growth enables us to make sound and choiceful decisions that drive the business forward and position us well for continued future growth. Slide 8 shows that our performance in 2022 gives us confidence that we have not only the right growth plan, but also the right execution to deliver it. Our core categories of chocolate and biscuits remain attractive and durable in both developed and emerging markets. We are accelerating our focus on these core categories because they have attractive growth and profitability characteristics and still a significant headroom in terms of penetration and per capita consumption. Our long-term vision is to generate 90% of revenue through these two core categories. We hit an exciting milestone in the biscuit category this year as Oreo surpassed $4 billion in global net revenue, further solidifying its position as the world's favorite cookie. Our acquisitions of Chipita and Clif Bar helped us expand our footprint in the growing Baked Snacks segment. While our acquisition of Ricolino helped us fill an important geographic white space, establishing a strong foothold in a priority emerging market of Mexico. We also continue to expand our presence in high growth channels, segments and price tiers. For example, silk premium chocolate doubled its prior year penetration in India, while in emerging markets, we added more than 400,000 additional outlets, and we have significant runway ahead of us. These are just a few examples of the ways our teams remain relentlessly focused on delivering the growth and acceleration plan we outlined at our Investor Day last spring. As Slide 9 indicates, we continue working hard to reshape our portfolio, which will accelerate our growth, and I'm pleased to share that we made significant progress in 2022. As we continue to drive focus on chocolate, biscuits and baked snacks, our nine strategic acquisitions since 2018 have enabled us to enter exciting adjacent spaces such as wellbeing and premium. They also have strengthened our presence in key geographies and expanded our trade coverage. Together, these acquisitions add nearly $3 billion in revenues and are all growing high single- or double-digit. Strong execution against our proven integration playbook enabled us to rapidly realize the value of the three acquisitions we closed in 2022. The Chipita business provides us an important platform to further accelerate growth in the attractive biscuits and baked snacks category. Similarly, Clif Bar expands our global snack bar business to more than $1 billion. Additionally, Ricolino Mexico's leading confectionary company doubles the size of our business and more than triples our routes to market in Mexico. Along with successfully integrating these three businesses, we announced in late 2022 the sale of our developed market gum business to Perfetti Van Melle for an implied EBITDA multiple of about 15x. This divesture will help fund these recent acquisitions and streamline our portfolio. We continue to have the Halls business, which has been performing well, but still intend to divest it over time in a way that maximizes value. In conclusion, I'm pleased to reiterate that 2022 was a record year. Our focus and portfolio reshaping strategy is working and we are well positioned to continue driving attractive growth in 2023 and beyond. By continuing to double down on the attractive chocolate, biscuits and baked snacks categories, investing in our iconic brands, focusing on operational execution and cost discipline, and empowering our great people, I am confident that we can deliver strong performance for years to come. With that, I'll turn it over to Luca to share additional insights on our financials.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk, and good afternoon, everyone. In 2022, we delivered unprecedentedly strong results, starting with double-digit topline growth through both volume and value, which in turn translated into gross profit dollar growth, allowing the investment in the business, solid earnings and cash flow. Growth was also broad-based in terms of regions, categories and brands. Revenue growth was 12.3% and 15.4% for the year and the quarter, respectively. Importantly, nearly 3 points of full-year growth and 1.6 point of Q4 came from volume mix. Emerging markets increased 22% for the year and 24.7% for the quarter with strong performance across a significant majority of countries, including Brazil, China, India, Russia, Mexico, the Western Andean countries, and Southeast Asia. More than 7 points of full-year growth in emerging market was driven by volume mix, confirming the great momentum of these geographies. Developed markets grew 7% for the year, and 10.5% for the quarter. Volume mix in developed markets was flat in Q4 as there were still some ongoing negotiations at the beginning of the quarter in the EU, that resulted in customer disruption, which in turn offset some good momentum in countries like the U.S, Canada, Australia, and others. Those negotiations are now fully closed, but we have just announced another pricing round in Europe. Turning to portfolio performance on Slide 12. Our chocolate and biscuit businesses both delivered double-digit growth, while gum and candy continue to recover with improved mobility. Biscuits grew 11.7% for the year and 18% for the quarter, supported by significant volume growth. Oreo, Ritz, Chips Ahoy!, Tate's, Give & Go and Club Social were among the brands that performed very well. Chocolate grew more than 10% for both the year and quarter with significant growth across both developed and emerging markets. Volume mix was virtually flat in Q4 due to customer disruption in Europe. Emerging market posted exceptional double-digit growth for the year and the quarter. Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka, Lacta and Toblerone, all delivered robust growth. Gum and candy grew 25% for the year and the quarter. Brazil, Mexico, and the Western Andean area all performed well. Now let's review market share performance on Slide 13. We held or gained share in 40% of our revenue base, which includes 15 points of headwinds coming from the U.S. supply chain, that while improving, still weighs on the full-year share performance. Chocolate held or gained share in 50% of our revenue base. This number include a strong Christmas season, which gains in several key countries, but also reflect customer disruption in Europe. Retailer and consumer activities are now vastly restored in the region, but the price that we just announced might have a negative impact in the first two quarters of 2023 as far as share goes. Our biscuit business held or gained share in 25% of our revenue base. This includes 30 points of headwind from the U.S. supply constraint and customer disruption in Europe. The U.S. made significant service level improvements in the back half of 2022 narrowing share losses and we expect this trajectory to continue to improve in 2023. Turning to Page 14. For the year, we delivered strong double-digit OI dollar growth, driven by a record high increasing gross profit of nearly $1.4 billion. In Q4, we also saw strong double-digit OI and gross profit dollar growth. Moving to regional performance on Slide 15. Europe grew 7.4% for the year and 8.7% for the quarter. Thanks to strong execution, volume mix was flat for the year despite customer disruption in Q3 and Q4. Brand support remains a priority in the region and we have continued to increase our A&C. OI dollars for the year were up 4.3% and 12.4% for the quarter and the year, respectively. Q4 profitability saw a return to growth due to an additional price increase and the emerging market performance within the segment. To close on Europe, we continue to see more pronounced inflation in this region based on energy and other input costs. We also expect to see challenge margins in Q1 given our expectations of customer disruption. Although we saw a small uptick in elasticity for Q4, European consumer has continued to hold up well and the preference for snacking and trusted brands remains strong with elasticity levels below normal. North America grew 12.3% for the full-year and 19.5% for the quarter, higher pricing, robust volume mix and strength from our ventures such as Tate's and Give & Go fueled those increases. Volume mix was 0.8% for the year and 4.2% for the quarter. North America profit increased 18.7% for the year and 37.3% for the quarter due to strong pricing and healthy volume results. Besides the benefits of our pricing execution, the consumer remains resilient and elasticity continues to be well below normal levels. AMEA grew 12.5% for the year and 13.6% for the quarter with strong volume growth for both periods. India grew strong double-digit for the year and quarter, driven by both chocolate and biscuit. China increased high-single digits for the year despite COVID restrictions in certain cities and posted double-digit growth for the quarter. Finally, Southeast Asia also delivered strong double-digit growth for both periods. AMEA increased OI dollars by 9.8% for the year and 8.8% for the quarter continuing their virtual cycle. Latin America grew 31.9% for the year and 37.1% for the quarter with robust volume mix growth coupled with strong price contributions. All key markets posted double-digit increases for the quarter. Latin America has had its strongest year ever in terms of OI delivery. In fact, OI dollars in Latin America grew 48.5% for the year and more than 45% for the quarter. Broad-based volume growth, pricing and ongoing improvements from the gum and candy categories drove these results. Next to EPS on Slide 16. Full-year EPS grew 11.9% in constant currency. This growth was primarily driven by operating gains. And despite very significant currency headwinds, we grew adjusted EPS as reported ForEx by 3.5%. Turning to Slide 17. We delivered $3 billion of free cash flow for the full-year, including a one-time expense of $300 million related to the Clif acquisition and buyout of its employee stock ownership plan. Turning to outlook on Page 19. For the current year, we expect to deliver on or in excess of our long-term algorithm for all variables. There might still be meaningful variability for the year, so we expect plus 5% to plus 7% organic net revenue growth, which stands from the higher pricing. We also expect on our growth to adjusted EPS of high single-digit. Somewhat like 2022, we expect a slightly different shape related to the P&L with higher topline, strong profit dollar growth and lower than historical margin rate given elevated inflation and related pricing away in dollar terms. As far as assumptions grow, we are planning for another year of double-digit inflation with dollars higher than in 2022. This inflation is driven by the continued elevated cost in packaging, energy, ingredients and labor. This input costs are also more pronounced in Europe and some select emerging markets. We also had favorable coverage versus the market in 2022. And although spot rates have been easing in many cases, new hedges are coming at higher levels than what was incorporated in March of last year. We are taking action with a flexible hedging program by using options to minimize risk and volatility, whether commodity rise or fall significantly from current rate. That is to reassure you that in case of commodity price dislocations, we will still be in a position to hit our profit commitment while still investing for growth. In terms of interest expenses, we expect an incremental $90 million for the line associated with the financing of recent acquisitions that we plan to repay later in the year with the developed gum divestiture proceed. We are planning for a net increase in total pension cost of around $25 million as above the line service cost will be lower and below the line element will be worse due to the rising interest rate. Important to note that due to our strong funding levels, we do not have to make additional contributions to our plan. We will also benefit from the higher OI dollar contribution from the acquisitions of Clif and Ricolino and their related synergies. In terms of phasing, we expect Q1 to be lower from a margin rate perspective due to lower volumes in Europe associated with the expected customer disruptions and Chinese New Year phasing. Disruption in Europe might also continue into Q2. We are expecting $0.04 of EPS headwinds related to ForEx. With respect to free cash flow, we expect another strong year with $3.3 billion plus absent any significant one-time non-operating item. In this outlook, we also expect an adjusted effective tax rate in the low to mid-20s based on what we know today and a share repurchase of around $2 billion. With that, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Two questions for me, if I could. First, Dirk, maybe you could provide a bit of a state of the union in key markets, especially in Europe in terms of just what you're seeing with the consumer in response to recent pricing and if there's any sort of early update on what you're hearing from the most recently announced pricing in Europe? And then, Luca, you talked a little bit about a different shape to the year than would be typical. And it sounds like that's mostly incremental inflation and sort of the mechanics of pricing impacting margin. But just wanted to make sure that's kind of what you see it as as opposed to anything that could be deemed more structural that we should be concerned about when it comes to sort of the margin percentage compression that could still be the case, I guess, for the full-year a bit. Thanks so much.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Thank you, Andrew. Yes. I would say we feel good if I look at the total business about the strength of our portfolio and the diversification that we have within that portfolio. So when there are some areas that are bit of a more difficult situation, we always have other areas that compensate for that. And so we can keep on delivering very good results. And it goes across brands, regions and categories for us. I also feel good about the strong topline performance with good execution of our pricing, but also for the year, almost 3 points of volume growth, which is in line with the previous years of volume growth. And I think that is a testimony to the strength of our brands and the categories. Share is obviously below expectations, but there is very good explanations for that because we had disruptions in our U.S. supply chain. And then also in Q3 and Q4, disruption with our European customers because of the price increases. I think also something that we feel particularly good about is our broad-based strength in emerging markets from a top, but also very importantly, from a bottom line perspective. And as you know, we're very focused on growing dollars in the gross profit line and the $1.4 billion is a very strong result, which enables us to offset some of the extra costs we're seeing, but also to significantly continuing to invest in our brands and increase our bottom line. Our margins, of course, are impacted by elevated inflation. It's something that it has a denominated effect as we price against that, but we do expect that over time, margins will come back. And then despite currency headwinds, we are having in constant  or in adjusted EPS, we have double-digit, but we still grew real EPS by 3.5%. So overall, I would say we feel very good about the results. If I look at the consumer  the volume growth rates, which is what we are looking for to see really how strong the categories are holding up really well. We see very good in-home consumption in the U.S. In Europe, there are some signs of a bit of a category slowdown. That's the only region where our categories are slowing in negative volume growth. But I would counter that with very strong volume growth in all our other regions, particularly in places like Brazil, India, China. I think from a competition perspective, we will start to see the differentiation between companies that can continue to invest in their brands and keep a very positive algorithm, while others will have to focus more on costs, and cutting back in this cycle. As it relates to pricing, so the pricing for 2023 in the U.S. has passed and is implemented. So we did that in December. In Europe, we have started discussion with our clients. I would say we are 60% done of what we need to do. So far, so good, but there is obviously still a few weeks and months to go, and we will know more by the end of March, beginning of April, where we stand. But so far, so good, I would say. The other thing I would mention as it relates to the consumer is that the elasticity is still very low. This is a slight uptick in Europe, but still well below the expectations. We are planning for more elasticity in our 2023 outlook, but we still have to see that materialize. The other one, I think is important to mention is that we will have double-digit cost inflation. There's a lot of talk about diminishing inflation. We don't see that at the moment, and that is driven largely by energy, ingredients and labor. Nevertheless, if you take all that together, I think we are positioned well for 2023. Luca will talk a little bit about the different shape of our P&L, but we will be on algorithm with a higher topline, but that is driven to the whole inflationary situation. So maybe Luca, I hand it over to you.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Thank you for the question, Andrew. And as it relates to the shape of the P&L, particularly on gross margin, you will see some pressure, particularly in the first part of the year, a result of a couple of things. One, it is elevated inflation and us having particularly good coverage in 2022 and lapping the favorable pipeline that we had in commodity terms in 2022, and the fact that clearly, pricing, particularly for Europe, is not fully implemented yet. The new pricing wave I mean. And that is also compounded by the expectation that we will have some customer disruption kicking in towards the end of Q1 and potentially also into Q2. Having said that, I think when you look at the fundamentals of the business, I feel quite good about emerging markets. You saw the stunning number that we printed for Q4 and for the year. The momentum of those emerging markets is continuing into Q1. We started the year quite strongly. I'm quite happy with the U.S. and North America in general. I think there was an excellent pricing execution. And obviously, as the last pricing wave comes into effect into the P&L, that allows for reinvestment in the business. And I think also you will be positively surprised by share throughout the year. Clearly, EU is a little bit of a watch out. Happy to say that the profitability, as you saw in Q4 improved quite a bit compared to Q3 and that is the testament to the team of the pricing that was implemented. But clearly, there are some unknowns in relation to further pricing and potential disruption, and we have commented on consumers in general. So look, the key assumption here is double-digit inflation. Part of it is driven by the favorable coverage we have. And we will stay disciplined in pricing it away. And as I said in the prepared remarks, if commodities take a more benign impact, we will be able to take advantage of it because we have flexible coverage implemented.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi. Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Ken.
Kenneth Goldman: I may have missed this, but did you guys by any chance to talk about your expectation of price versus volume mix this year? I recognize it's not something you typically give in guidance, but I'm just trying to get a sense for how to model that a little bit cleaner just given some of the puts and takes?
Dirk Van de Put: So I'll give you a little bit of a high-level answer. And the answer is, we have planned for modest volume contribution into 2023, and quite frankly, that is the direct outcome of us planning for historical elasticities rather than what we have seen as of recent. So there might be a little bit of an upside versus that assumption. As you dissect the business a little bit more, I believe you're going to see good volume growth in emerging markets, particularly in countries like China, India, Brazil and so on and so forth. You are going to see volume growth in North America. Clearly, there is an element of us replenish in stock with the trade that has a positive impact. But importantly, I think U.S. biscuit is really on solid ground and all the ventures, namely  Give & Go and paid particularly are really delivering volume growth versus last year. And finally, where I think you're going to see volume pressure is in Europe, and that is the direct outcome of potential customer negotiation disruption and relatively higher elasticity than in other places in the world. So volume leverage, I think, will be one important component of the 2023 P&L shape. Three regions, I believe, will be on positive ground in Europe due to disruption, there might be some volume pressure. Overall, I think you're going to see modest volume growth for the year.
Kenneth Goldman: Very helpful. If I can just ask a quick follow-up. You talked about partly the reason for losing share in 2022 was because of your European customer disruptions, are your competitors not being disrupted as much? I'm just curious, are they not pricing up as much as you? Is it more of a timing issue? It just feels like if everyone's pricing up, maybe there shouldn't be share loss, but I'm missing part of that perhaps?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Well, we have to take into account that our main competitors in Europe are private companies. And what we've seen is that they have not priced as aggressively as we have. We assume that, that eventually will have to come, but that is the main difference between us and competition. And so that is the explanation of the share loss. Some of the  the other competitors have had some events that they lapped of the year before, and that has helped them also to gain some share this year. So those are the two big reasons.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Chris Growe with Stifel. Your line is open.
Christopher Growe: Hi, good evening. Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Chris.
Christopher Growe: I just had a question for you  hi  on  just a follow-up on Europe. If you look at 2022 fiscal 2022, were you able to get pricing up in line with inflation in Europe? And I guess I'm trying to understand if you look at 2023, is there any sort of catch up in pricing you expect in Europe, if that's possible, which may sort of compound some of these issues with share there?
Luca Zaramella: Chris, I think as you look at the quarterly gating in 2022, you saw the most pressure in terms of profit delivery in Europe in Q3. And in there, there was the fact that we were running out of hedges for the first part of the year and pricing was not fully implemented. As you saw in Q4, profit is up soundly. And in that context, we also increased investments. So as we close the year, the absolute inflation that you would expect annualized compared to the pricing annualized was a wash. The point here is, as we walk into 2023, there are a couple of events that came into play. One, it is the material energy pressure and the fact that in 2022, we had positive coverage in that area. And the second one is the fact, clearly that we have to price again. So all considered the 2022 inflation that was embedded in the base and the pricing wasn't at worse by the end of the year in terms of annual impact. Now going into 2023, there is more pressure coming and subsequent price required. You are going to see some subpar numbers in terms of profit for Europe, most likely in Q1 and Q2 as a result of pricing not fully implemented yet and customer negotiations. But then by Q3 and Q4, there will be a recovery of margins and profitability in Europe. And again, in this context, the last thing we want to do is to cut on investment, and we will continue to invest A&C regardless of pricing negotiations going on.
Christopher Growe: Okay. Thank you for all that color. That was a good answer there. Then the other question I have was just in relation to China. You had a strong performance there this quarter and through the year. Is that a tough comp for 2023? Or if we see some improvement in mobility and travel, should that help China grow at even faster rate in 2023?
Dirk Van de Put: I wouldn't say that we are immediately planning for a faster rate in China. But certainly, if you look at the country coming out of the COVID situation and the restrictions starting to ease and the travel restrictions being lifted, on top of that, our plants are open and operational, which was not always the case during the past year. So I think that we will be having a good supply situation, we do have some increased costs, and we will have to deal with that through price increase. But overall, I would expect China to continue with a high single-digit to double-digit growth for next year. The gum business, we expect to come back and we would continue on momentum with the biscuit growth that we've seen. We continue to increase our market share. I see no reason why that would not continue next year also. And so apart from the pricing, all the other indicators for China are pretty positive for us. Not quite sure if that really immediately translates in acceleration, but high-single digits to low double-digit is doable for China for next year.
Luca Zaramella: Maybe just one little add. There is a little bit of phasing as it relates to Chinese New Year. So in Q1, you're not going to see double-digit revenue growth. But as Dirk said, the fundamentals of the business are very strong, and the team is executing extremely well in the country.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks. A couple of questions
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Jason.
Jason English: Hey, there. Congrats on the strong finish to the year, by the way. First, on the China New Year, can you help me understand that a little bit more? Is it that you shift, you pulled more into the fourth quarter, so we don't get the benefit in Q1? And also on timing, the North America volume was very robust, certainly more robust than we expected. Is there anything unique or one-time in nature that's helped the health volume in that region this quarter?
Luca Zaramella: So let's tackle maybe this last one first. As you think about volume in the U.S., clearly, the share situation is improving. The category despite double-digit pricing is posting volume growth, particularly in Q4. So we saw value and volume growing within the category, as I said, shall improve, but importantly, we are also recuperating service level, and that clearly helps a bit. So I believe all in all, there is a strong foundation in the biscuit business in the U.S. And the second element that has to be taken into account is the fact that what we call ventures, namely Give & Go, Hu and also Tate's are delivering volume and value growth. And we are clearly taking advantage of synergies, particularly in the case of Tate's, we are very pleased with the fact that, that platform going into DSD has delivered material revenue and bottom line growth. And clearly, in the case of Give & Go, we are seeing after price increases, the category thriving and that drives really the volume. In terms of Chinese New Year, China was north of 10% in Q4. And there was, I would say, 3, 4 points of contribution coming out of that 10-plus percent due to Chinese New Year. Clearly, that is a reversal in Q1. But again, fundamentally, the business remains very sound. I think you're going to see continued share gains. And we're not talking about small share gains in the category of biscuits. And again, as the country reopens, one of the things that we missed throughout 2022 was gum growing. And Gum is going to come most likely positive in 2023, and that will help also the bottom line because margins in gum are higher than in biscuits. So hopefully, that addresses your question.
Jason English: Yes. Very helpful. And a good segue into my second question is you brought up gum in margin mix. As we bridge out your margins for the fourth quarter, we've got a very big hole in our margin bridge, suggesting that we're meaningfully underestimating the amount of inflation, or there's some unusual cost or perhaps some much larger mix headwinds than you've contested with for the rest of the year. Can you unpack it for us and give us a little more color because with the price you got and the acceleration, it was just surprising to see margins move so much further south?
Luca Zaramella: Yes, I don't think  I mean, mix was positive. So I don't think mix in general is a problem. I think you saw gum and candy growing 25%, that's margin-accretive. I think what was underestimated in general in the modeling that I saw around it is the impact of inflation and the subsequent price that was coming out of it. As we price away dollar for dollar and not for percentage margins, I think the  there was an underestimation of both pricing and the inflation despite the fact that we said very clearly, inflation was double-digit. I think the way you have to think about it is you wouldn't have expected for the year a 3% volume growth, you wouldn't have expected a 1.6% volume mix in Q4, which, by the way, when adjusted for the customer disruption due to Europe in Q4 is again down about 3%. So I think versus what you had in mind, there is much better volume. There is higher inflation, there is higher pricing and the fact that we price dollar for dollar creates a little bit of pressure on the percentage margin. I think in terms of OI margin, you see a good number because obviously, also cost below the line have been kept in control or below GP, I mean. And so that's really all the put and takes that you have within the shape of the P&L.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi, there. Can I stick with Europe with two questions? The first one, I think you mentioned the category slowdown. And I can't remember whether that was biscuits or chocolate. But is that to do with the high-fat sugar and salt initiative in the U.K.? Or is it just weakness in the consumer in general? And then I have a follow-up?
Dirk Van de Put: Maybe we'll do first the categories and then I didn't quite understand the question on the weakness of the consumer in the U.K.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. She says it is HFSS or something else.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. So from a category perspective, in Europe, our category performance is obviously different from what we see the overall categories to do. I would say both biscuits and chocolate are showing slightly negative, minus 2%, minus 3%, the overall category in Q4, and that is probably a consequence of the consumer feeling some recession. We're a little bit worse than that driven by customer disruption. But I think that as we go through the first quarter of next year, I think that will gradually come back. I'm talking about the category here. So it's probably understandable seeing the economical situation in Europe that we see a little bit of a slowdown there. As it relates to the U.K., what we see with HFSS is, first of all, there's two limitations that come from HFSS. One is the limit on the location where HFSS products can be sold in the store. And the other one is a promotion and advertising limitation. The second one is not yet being implemented, that will be in October 2024. But so far, we have the change in store. And so it means that you don't find them in checkouts in the queuing area, no more at the store entrants, no more [indiscernible] and so on. If you look at our business there, which is mainly a chocolate business, it is about 60% plant purchase and about 40% is impulse. And obviously, the impulse is affected by this because you have less interruption locations in the store. But the 60% of plant, of course, continues. We have been partnering with the stores to offset this by finding new secondary promotional locations, making our brands stan6d out in the aisle, moving the singles category, which was the checkouts to the food-to-go areas and so on. So overall, I would say that the initial signs, while showing an effect on sales in the category and for our business, it is less or less bad than we would have expected. So in-store execution seems to be helping and it's helping to mitigate the less off-shelf display that we have. Smaller stores are sort of suffering a little bit more because they have less space to make up for what was lost. So if I look at the category volumes they're down 1.1%, which is not that bad in December for the last 12 weeks, down about 4.5%. But if you take into account that the off-shelf distribution is down by about 30% because of those locations. I would say that the category is holding up quite well as it relates to the changes we're seeing in-store. And so I would say, yes, there is an effect, but it's far from the magnitude that we could have taken, and I'm expecting that the consumer gets used to this new setup of the stores that the volume growth will come back.
Alexia Howard: Great. And theres a super quick follow-up. I'm curious about these customer disruptions in Europe continuing into, I think you said the first quarter and 2Q, I thought all the pricing had to be done in the first couple of months of the year. So I thought all those customer disruptions were kind of in the fourth quarter rather than bleeding into the first half of the year. What's happening there? And I'll pass it on.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, there are some specific laws in France where, for instance, you have to be done with pricing negotiations by the end of February, reality is particularly on promotions and promotional calendars, there might still be negotiations underway and besides France, other countries can obviously, in terms of negotiations go a little bit longer. So we have announced pricing, we are clearly in active talks with most of the customers, by the way, successful implementation of pricing in places like the U.K., in the Nordics, in Southern Europe, namely Italy and Spain, predominantly. But clearly, places like France and Germany, there is still some ongoing negotiations. And we expect some of the disruption happening in March and potentially spinning over into Q2. That was a little bit the pattern we saw between Q3 and Q4 this year in 2022, sorry. And we expect the equivalent of that in 2023.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Cody Ross with UBS. Your line is open.
Cody Ross: Good evening. Thanks for taking our questions. I just want to go back to Jason's question earlier on the consumption or at least your shipments trend stronger than consumption in the developed markets. What is driving that? Was there any pull forward ahead of your price increases that you have going into the market in December and then again in 1Q? And then I have a follow-up? Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: The simple straight answer is no. When you look at the European segment, I think you saw a volume decline of  volume mix decline of 4%. So the last thing we did was to preempt the trade before future price increases. So no question, particularly in that segment. As you look at North America, when you dissect the performance of volume growth of North America, as I said, the category has positive volume dynamics. In that context, we are delivering better share. And the third element is, we are improving customer service level and increasing to sound levels that are not sound yet. The retailer-related stock. So the last thing we did was to increase trade stock ahead of price increases. This is all stock that is being sold and consumed by consumers.
Cody Ross: Thank you. That's helpful. And then there were recently headlines in the news about a grocer asking food companies to lower prices on the back of moderating inflation historically on the back of inflationary cycles, would you consider rolling back price increases? Or do you expect to lean more heavily into promotions? And if it is promotions, can you just update us on what you're seeing from the promotional environment? Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So the request was in the U.S. And as we explained before, we are certainly not seeing for 2023, our costs coming down. We still are seeing double-digit inflation in our cost. We just implemented a price increase in the U.S. We're implementing price increases in Europe. So we are not in a situation where we can say that costs are coming down, if anything, they're up versus last year. From a promotional perspective, since we are rebuilding our customer service and our inventories in clients, there is no need for us to promote more. In fact, what we've done in last month is promote less to get our customer service back up. As long as volume continues to be this strong, we are not planning to increase our promotional pressure at all.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Stephen Powers: Great, thank you. Shifting gears a bit. On Slide 9, you talk about the accelerating benefits to total company organic growth from recent acquisitions. And I guess I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about plans and expected contributions from Clif and Chipita and Ricolino in 2023, but I was also hoping you could talk about the profitability of growth from those newly acquired businesses and how that compares at this point to base portfolio profitability, whether you describe the relative bottom line contributions as fairly comparable and proportional or whether theres still remains upfront investment on the newer additions that will dampen profit margins for a time? Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So I can maybe take you through the way we're thinking about the contribution to growth from businesses like Clif and Ricolino, and then Luca can talk a little bit about the margins. So as it relates to Clif Bar, we've taken over in August. We have strong results driven by good demand and good pricing, we had strong double-digit revenue growth, and we had high double-digit EBIT growth in the fourth quarter. We started to implement pricing, which was not normal for them. So we've done two pricing actions last year, and we've seen minimal volume elasticity. We've also started to prioritize the SKUs in their portfolio and working on their supply chain. So we are seeing good supply recovery through Q3, and now we're starting with the integration of the businesses and find the cost and the revenue synergies. So we have a full integration team in place, we have a wide variety of opportunities already identified. As it relates to future growth, I think we have a strong position in the U.S. in the protein and the energy bar space. It's a $16 billion market, which is growing very fast. We have an opportunity to expand through Clif, but also to a business like Grenade in Europe in this space and its well being oriented. It's ESG-focused. So it's right on the money as it relates to consumer interest. But even in the North America, we think that Clif has a huge opportunity for expansion, better distribution, and we are going to complement that with the international opportunity. So I would say that explains a little bit the Clif thinking. As it relates to Ricolino it's a very different type of setup that closed in November so far, well above expectations, top and bottom line. There's a very high strategic fit to in a category perspective that is very complementary to our categories. It allows us to enter chocolate and reinforce our biscuit business in Mexico. One of the biggest benefits is that we can triple our route to markets, which is going to add a significant amount of stores. We will be present in 440,000 plus stores. And they also have a good growth U.S. business, which we are planning to give a boost through our U.S. organization, particularly, of course, in the U.S. Hispanic market. It's a full integration Ricolino Clif is a partial integration. Ricolino will be a full integration and merger of our business with theirs. So there is a significant opportunity for top and cost synergies, and so that will have a big effect on margins. Maybe I'll leave it at that on what those two will do for us. So Luca talk a little bit about the financials.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. So I guess you were asking a little bit in terms of relative profitability of these platforms compared to the rest of Mondelez. I would say that Clif, which is almost a $1 billion platform projected into 2023 has sound gross margins at this point in time, given the fact that as we've said, we are about to implement another wave of pricing same dynamics that we saw in our U.S. business, little elasticity so far. So I think the P&L is going to shape up quite well. In terms of gross margin, the North American segment has the highest gross margin of Mondelez, particularly because of the DSD system that is quite effective from that standpoint. But Clif has gross margin that, albeit a little bit below the average of North America they are above the average of the company. So that is really a sound platform in terms of potential and profitability. Importantly, there are material synergies we are after  we just announced a new organization in place. And clearly, there will be some testing going on the platform through DSD and I think if you see what happened with Tate's this is quite promising potentially. In terms of Ricolino it is a $600 million, $700 million platform. It is growing double-digit at the moment. And in terms of margins, I think it's more important to say that the combination of both platforms between our existing business and Ricolino will step change materially the profitability of Mexico. And I think particularly in route to market and cost synergies, there is a big benefit to come now. We are in the process of combining the two companies. So the fruition into the P&L will come towards the second part of the year.
Dirk Van de Put: I think that brings us to the end. Thank you very much for your presence and for your interest in the company. Obviously, if there's any other questions, Shep, and Philippe will be ready to answer them and looking forward to a good first quarter of the year. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's Mondelez International Fourth Quarter 2022 and Full Earning Year Conference Call. You may disconnect at any time, and we appreciate your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Mondelz International Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelz management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelz. Sir, please go ahead.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. As we discuss our results today, unless noted as reported, we'll be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures, which adjust for certain items included in our GAAP results. In addition, we provide our year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis unless otherwise noted. You can find the comparable GAAP measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our Q3 2022 earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. Today, Dirk will provide a business and strategy update, then Luca will review our financial results and outlook. We will close with Q&A. I'll now turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Thanks, Shep, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. I will start on Slide 4. I am pleased to share that we delivered another robust quarter with high quality top line growth continued strength in both developed and emerging markets and strong profit dollar growth. This execution, combined with continued acceleration of our strategic initiatives, supports raising our full year revenue growth and adjusted EPS outlook. Reinvesting in our business is one of the best ways we can deploy capital. And I'm happy to say that we continue to increase investments in our brands and capabilities that should reinforce and build upon our strong foundation. We also continue to make great progress in reshaping our portfolio with the full integration of our Chipita business as well as the closing of our acquisitions of Clif Bar and Ricolino. We remain confident that the strength of our brands and our proven strategy position us well to deliver attractive, sustainable growth for the remainder of 2022 and beyond. Above all, we remain extremely confident in our people who remain relentlessly focused on delivering the right snacks for the right moment made the right way to consumers around the world. Turning to Slide 5. You can see that our strategy is continuing to drive a virtuous cycle. We are well positioned to deliver a strong full year '22 performance and long-term revenue growth. This quarter, our revenue growth was 12.1%, which means 11.2% growth year-to-date. The revenue was generated through continued volume growth as well as strong pricing necessary because of ongoing cost inflation, and it demonstrates the resilient demand for our brands. That revenue growth is fueling our gross profit, which is growing 12.8% for the quarter and 10.8% year-to-date. This very strong gross profit growth is allowing us to increase our A&C investments high single digit, which in turn will help us to continue to drive sustainable top line and repeating the virtuous cycle. The strong gross profit growth also generated, after investments, operating income growth of 9.6% for the quarter and 10.6% year-to-date while delivering great free cash flow results. As you can see on Slide 6, we delivered 12.1% organic net revenue growth in Q3. Volume remained solid relative to much of the sectors as consumers continue to choose our trusted and beloved brands even as we implement necessary pricing. We view our performance in the third quarter and year-to-date as further evidence that our long-term strategy continues to pay off. Since the launch of our new growth plan in 2018, we have consistently over-delivered on net revenue growth through a virtuous cycle of increasing investment, strong local execution and targeted incentives. We remain confident that this strategy will continue to deliver attractive growth in the quarters and years to come. Like many companies, as shown on Slide 7, we continue to navigate through a dynamic operating environment, driven by cost inflation, the energy crisis in Europe and supply chain volatility.  Let's take a closer look at each of these dynamics and the steps we are taking to address them. First, we continue to face elevated input cost inflation, especially in the areas of energy, transportation, packaging, wheat, dairy and edible oils. To offset these challenges, we have implemented appropriate price increases across key markets, including Europe. Additionally, we have announced further pricing actions across numerous markets across the globe, including the United States, which takes effect in December '22, and we are preparing for '23 negotiations in other markets. We also continue to take appropriate action to hedge our commodity costs with greater flexibility while continuing to advance our ongoing productivity initiatives. Second, in terms of energy inflation and continuity, we remain focused on risk management tools and alternative sources to help mitigate the impact.  And third, we continue to manage through volatility in the supply chain, especially in the U.S. due to labor shortages at third party as well as a continuing shortage of trucking capacity and containers. We are prioritizing key SKUs to protect share and continue to make progress in improving manufacturing and warehouse capacity. Turning to our categories and the consumer on Page 8. Our latest research shows that snacking continues to play a central role in consumers' lives. And as a result, our core categories of chocolate and biscuits remain resilient. Consumers in developed markets continue to prioritize groceries over other forms of spending, and they continue to view our brands as affordable indulgences. Meanwhile, in emerging markets, consumer confidence remains strong with growing demand for our categories and continued loyalty to our iconic brands. Because of this enduring brand loyalty, private label share is either flat or down in the vast majority of our markets. Shoppers continue to say they are much less likely to switch to private label in chocolate and biscuits compared to other categories. With the return to school, we are seeing growth in products popular for school lunches like biscuit multipacks here in the U.S. We're also seeing continued growth in chocolate bars, treat sizes, gifting and seasonal shapes in Europe. Looking forward to the Christmas season, the majority of European consumers say they plan to spend the same amount over the holidays, if not more, as in 2021. They also say they plan to spend more money at home and on gifting with less money spent on dining out and entertainment. These category dynamics combined with the enduring strength of our trusted and beloved brands give us confidence that we will continue to successfully navigate inflationary periods like today. Moving to our efforts around portfolio reshaping on Slide 9. I'm pleased to share that we are continuing to advance our strategy of strengthening our leadership in core categories through our acquisition and divestment approach complemented by strong integration playbook. Over the summer, we completed the integration of Chipita, a high-growth European leader in packaged croissants and baked snacks. Chipita provides us an important platform to further accelerate growth in the attractive biscuits and baked snacks category. More recently, we closed our acquisition of Clif Bar & Company, expanding our global snack bar business to more than $1 billion, anchored by the marquee brand widely loved for taste and sustainability. This business is up low double digits on a year-to-date basis and we are excited to take this great brand to the next level. And just today, we closed our acquisition of Ricolino, Mexico's leading confectionary company, doubling the size of our business and more than tripling our routes to market in the high-priority Mexican market. These are just the latest steps in our ongoing commitment to accelerate focus on our core categories, filling geographical white spaces, expanding our presence in high-growth channels and growing our presence in key segments and price tiers. We're confident that this focus will allow us to drive sustained growth accretive to our algorithm across the portfolio. As we continue to accelerate our focus on growth, we remain committed to doing our part to drive positive change at scale. At our investor update earlier this year, we announced that we have elevated sustainability to become the fourth pillar of our company's long-term growth strategy. Within this framework, you can see on Slide 10 that we recently launched the next chapter of Cocoa Life, our signature cocoa sourcing program. Cocoa Life already has delivered strong results. Over the past decade, farmer net incomes have increased about 15% in Ghana and about 33% in Cte d'Ivoire. Children are better protected with more robust monitoring and remediation system, and we're helping to prevent deforestation by educating farmers about optimal farming practices. But cocoa farmers and their communities still face big systemic challenges. That's why we're investing another $600 million, bringing our total investments to $1 billion with an aim to source 100% of our cocoa volume through Cocoa Life farmers by 2030. While we are excited about the promise of these investments, we continue to call for more collaborative efforts and collective actions to drive greater impact, including new private-public collaborations. We are proud of our leadership in helping to make cocoa right, and we'll keep you updated on our progress. Finally, before I hand over to Luca for more details on our financials, I would like to make -- sorry, to take a moment to share some updates to our leadership team. First, I would like to congratulate Sandra MacQuillan, our Chief Supply Chain Officer, on her well-deserved retirement. Since joining Mondelz in 2019, Sandra has brought focus and clarity to our supply chain organization, with a people-first leadership style and an unrelenting commitment to doing it right from shelf to field. We thank her for her tremendous contributions. Frank Cervi has assumed the role of Chief Supply Chain Operations Officer, reporting directly to me. Frank is a proven leader, bringing more than 30 years of global supply chain experience to the table. He has a strong drive for executional excellence, tackling big challenges and pursuing continuous improvement. His recent roles within Mondelz, including, most recently, leading supply chain strategy, position him well for continued success. Additionally, after a successful 34-year career in research and development, Rob Hargrove, our Chief R&D Officer, will be retiring January 2023. During his tenure with Mondelz, Rob successfully transformed the R&D function from a complex blend of category and geographic activities to a well-connected, technically rigorous global community. We thank him for his many years of dedication and accomplishments. With Rob's retirement, we welcome Daniel Ramos as our new Chief Research and Development Officer, reporting directly to me effective November 8. Daniel is a seasoned global executive with more than 25 years of R&D and consumer-centric innovation expertise. He joins us from The Este Lauder Companies where he had a strong focus on advancing sustainable packaging initiatives. One final piece of leadership news, Javier Polit, our Chief Digital and Information Officer, is now serving on our Mondelz leadership team, providing enhanced strategic oversight as we advance our commitment to becoming the digital snacks leaders. Since joining the company almost three years ago, Javier has elevated our technology initiatives and infrastructure at both the global and business unit levels. Javier will continue to report to Luca.  With that, I will hand over to Luca for more details on our financials.
Luca Zaramella : Thank you, Dirk, and good afternoon, everyone. Our third quarter results were strong from volume, revenue, profit dollar growth to cash flow generation. In addition, growth was broad-based across categories and brands. We delivered revenue growth of more than 12% with 1 point of growth driven by volume/mix. Emerging markets were a clear highlight for the quarter with broad-based trends on both top and bottom lines. Emerging markets net revenue grew more than 24% in the quarter, with 8 points of that growth coming from volume/mix. Developed markets grew 5.2%. Volume/mix was down 3 points, entirely as a result of customer disruptions in Europe related to pricing negotiation, nearly all of which has since been resolved. Turning to portfolio performance on Slide 13. Our chocolate and biscuit franchises continue to demonstrate their resilience and deliver strong results while ongoing improvements in mobility helped fuel robust gum and candy performance. Biscuits grew 11.5% for the quarter, with nearly 1 point coming from volume, albeit mix was negative as we suffered from customer disruption in Europe. Emerging markets again grew strong double digit, while developed markets increased high single digit. Oreo, Chips Ahoy!, Ritz, Triscuit and Club Social were among brands that deliver outstanding growth. Chocolate grew more than 9%, of which 1.3 points were driven by volume/mix, with increases in both emerging and developed markets. Emerging markets posted exceptional growth of strong double digit. Cadbury Dairy Milk, Toblerone, Lacta and Bis all grew double digits. Gum & Candy grew more than 22%. Brazil, Mexico, Western India and Middle East, North Africa, all performed very well. Now let's review our market share performance on Slide 14. We held or gained share in 45% of our revenue base, which includes 20 points of headwind coming from U.S. supply chain constraints. We are seeing gradual improvements in share and service levels as we closed the quarter and early into the fourth quarter. And in fact, share in the U.S. should turn positive for the last few readings of the year, and we should enter next year with a favorable trajectory. Chocolate performed well with 65% of our revenue base holding or gaining share. This number is still reflective of our good execution in the category and our ongoing investment, but some headwinds are expected, given the customer disruption in Europe. Our biscuit business held or gained share in 35% of our revenue base. This includes 35 points of headwinds from the U.S. supply chain. Now turning to Page 15. In Q3, we posted gross profit dollar growth of plus 13% and plus 10% for EBIT. Year-to-date, we have delivered nearly $900 million in absolute gross profit dollar growth, a record high for our business. This dollar growth enables us to continue investing in brand-building to drive our virtuous cycle of growth. Although organic top line and profit dollar growth are key focus areas, cost excellence remains an important part of our DNA and an enabler in this environment. To that end, we continue to make good progress around digitizing the enterprise and realizing efficiencies, reducing nonessential overhead spend and driving simplification. Turning to regional performance on Slide 16. Europe grew 5.2% during the quarter. This includes nearly 5 points of volume/mix decline entirely linked to customer disruptions from a round of pricing negotiations during Q3. Importantly, as I already said, we have successfully implemented virtually all of the price planned. We continue to support our brands with meaningful investments in the region to ensure consumers stay loyal to our categories and franchises. OI dollar for the quarter declined by 7.4%, driven by customer volume disruption and ongoing commodity pressure. Now that pricing has been implemented, we expect margin recovery for Europe in Q4. North America grew 12% in Q3, driven by higher pricing in biscuits, strong candy growth and robust increases from our ventures businesses, particularly Tate's and Give & Go. Volume/mix was roughly flat. North America OI increased by more than 20% during the quarter due to higher pricing that was implemented in Q2 as well as some benefits related to the factory closings last year and the addition of Clif. AMEA grew 14.6% for the quarter with strong volume/mix growth of 8.5 points and broad-based growth across all of our business units in the region. India grew strong double digit for the quarter, driven by both chocolate and biscuits. China increased high single digits despite COVID restrictions in certain cities, while Southeast Asia delivered robust double-digit growth across all snacking categories and Australia grew mid-single digit. AMEA increased OI dollars by 17.2% for the quarter as volume leverage and pricing were partially offset by commodity and transportation inflation. Latin America grew 31.6% with mid-single-digit volume/mix growth. Similar to Q2, this trend was extensive with double-digit increases across every single category. Brazil, Mexico, Western India business unit all posted double-digit increases for the quarter. OI dollars in Latin America grew nearly 50% for the quarter. This increase was driven by broad-based volume growth, pricing and ongoing improvements from the Gum & Candy categories. Next to EPS on Slide 17. Q3 EPS grew 15.7% at constant currency. This growth was primarily driven by operating gains. And despite significant currency headwinds, we grew reported dollars by nearly 6% in the quarter and 4% on a year-to-date basis. Turning to Slide 18. We remain focused on generating strong free cash flow. Year-to-date, we have generated $1.9 billion, including a onetime expense of $300 million related to the Clif acquisition and buyout of the non-vested employee stock ownership plan. This was part of the originally disclosed purchase price, but as it relates to the ease for employees and deemed compensation, it is reflected in cash flow. This strong free cash flow performance has enabled us to return $3.3 billion to shareholders year-to-date through share repurchases and dividends. Turning to our outlook on Page 20. We continue to see positive momentum in the business as a result of our strong position within attractive categories, significant brand support and consistent execution. For the time being, our categories are resilient and continue to see lower elasticities than historical levels. Given the strength of our performance through the first 3 quarters, the successful implementation of pricing in Europe and the overall health of demand trends in our business, we now expect, for the full year: organic net revenue to grow 10%-plus versus our prior outlook of 8%-plus; adjusted EPS to increase 10%-plus versus our previous outlook of mid- to high single digit; and free cash flow of $3 billion-plus, which includes the $300 million of expenses related to the Clif ease-up, which would indicate stronger underlying results. We continue to expect broad-based growth in our core categories and markets. We also expect a significant contribution from pricing, and we continue to plan for double-digit cost inflation. We have just announced another round of pricing in the U.S. to reflect continued inflation and positive impact of our commodities coverage in 2022 seizing current spot levels in 2023. While we successfully concluded our European pricing with disruption below our anticipated levels, inflation continues to be a concern in Europe, particularly with energy, that despite some EU-driven measures is still a significant headwind. Energies has broad repercussions, both on pack cost and other raw materials. We expect another round of pricing in Europe as we enter next year.  Our EPS outlook also now factors in $0.26 of headwinds related to ForEx impact. $0.19 of this amount have already been included in our first three quarters. At current ForEx levels and outlook, EPS in reported dollars would be positive year-on-year, which shows the resilience of our business.  With that, let's open it up for questions.
Shep Dunlap: Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Luca Zaramella: Operator?
Operator: Our first question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane : All right. Great. Maybe just to start off, Dirk, we've -- obviously, there's been a lot of questions in our world around just current events, current affairs. So could you just give us maybe a little bit of a -- as-you-see-it-now kind of the state of the union in some of your key markets and just how the consumer is holding up and just how all these macro pressures may or may not be affecting the markets as you see it now?
Dirk Van de Put : Yes, yes. Thank you, Bryan. Well, first, on the results, I would say we have a very strong top line performance, which I think is a testimony to the resilience of our categories, which is important to take into account. We see signs that consumers really want to continue to consume chocolate and biscuits. I think our pricing execution is now really coming through. And on top of all that, we have volume growth, which is quite unique in today's world. Obviously, you've seen that the emerging markets are a highlight in Q3 but also year-to-date with a broad-based strength from China to India to Brazil. We're doing well in all of our emerging markets. Our margins are a little bit impacted by customer disruptions in Europe. Sales in Europe overall were good, but there was some customer disruption so sales could have been better, and that also has affected our margins a little bit. And then our profit, our bottom line is ahead of algorithm and could have been better without that European impact. So we're increasing our view on what the year will look like from a top line and a bottom line perspective. Now particularly that our pricing in Europe is complete and behind us. And so yes, FX is impacting our EPS but we are still showing real growth in -- or growth in real dollars. So overall, I would say the results are good. So if you look a little bit beyond that, what does that mean? From a consumer perspective in the first place, we see in emerging markets consumer sentiment being very solid, very positive. I'm talking about Southeast Asia, India, China even. And so there is a certain optimism. And the degree of strength in the consumer confidence in emerging markets for us is almost to pre-COVID level. Of course, developed markets, we see a very mixed picture, challenged in Europe, as we all know, relatively optimistic in the U.S. In the middle of all that, as I already said, our categories, we expect to continue a strong buy. We see more and more signs that consumers continue to see or increasingly see our categories as an affordable indulgence. We see consumers saying that chocolate is really something they cannot live without. And so we believe that the spending decrease that we will see from consumers eventually, as inflation keeps hitting them, is going to be probably more in the big ticket items. Grocery seems to be doing overall pretty well, I would say. I think we also are benefiting from the fact that we have strong brands in which we continue to invest quite significantly. That's part of our thinking, and I think that is helping us in our results. Pricing, of course, played a role. On pricing, where we stand is that we've just gone through our second round of pricing this year in Europe. We've announced a third round of pricing in the U.S., which will take effect in December. And we are starting our negotiations in Europe for the typical beginning of the year 2023 pricing round. As it relates to Latin America and AMEA, the pricing that we implement is more fragmented, but in most cases, we're also in our third pricing round. And so far, it looks like that will go well, this new pricing round. Of course, we have to see what happens in Europe, where we expect more customer disruption in the beginning of the year as we announce the pricing. From an elasticity perspective, maybe I would say that, that remains below expectations. It is lower than it was last year even, certainly lower than it was pre COVID. In our forecast, we are foreseeing higher elasticity effects because we believe that eventually, there will be a bigger effect, but so far, we're not quite seeing that. And then from a cost perspective, we've seen some commodities showing signs of pulling back but we still expect significant inflation in '23 and hence, the pricing rounds we have to go through. I think we're very well positioned for '23. We have to continue to price in light of the inflation. We will increase our focus on RGM, revenue growth management. And we continue to invest to drive volume growth and, of course, net revenue growth. And I think as I said before, we will see some volatility in Q1 in Europe as we implement pricing. I can go maybe a little bit deeper because I know that it's on everybody's mind as it relates to the European consumer and what are we seeing there, might be useful to do so. What we see is that they continue to prioritize grocery spending. They seem to be choosing that instead of spending on other discretionary items. So we see a clear decrease in entertainment and leisure, in travel, in restaurants, in eating out, in clothing, personal care, household goods. That's where we see the decreases in Europe but not in food and not in our categories. So the consumer is also relatively positive, we see, in Europe. They're very aware of the current situation. 80% express is concerned with the current situation and they all understand that things are going to be rough. But 60%, for instance, of consumers in the UK or Germany believe that six months down the road, their situation will be better. And in France, that sentiment is even higher, which is understandable because there the energy price effect is lower for them. Chocolate is highly desired. We see more and more signs that consumers are saying it's the snack they cannot live without. And so I would say, concern, short term from consumers, relatively optimistic and they keep on buying our categories, which is reflected in the numbers that you saw, which includes, as I said before, some client disruption.  I hope this gives you an idea, Bryan.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And next, we move to the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. My apologies, Andrew. If you could resignal, we'll move next to Ken with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman : I recognize it's too early to discuss next year in full and I wouldn't anticipate any specific numbers. But I think a lot of people are looking at maybe some tailwinds and headwinds in a broad sense. And I was hoping to kind of review some of these and see if I'm missing anything big. So on the tailwind side, you'll have wraparound pricing plus new pricing. You should have good organic volumes still on underlying demand. You'll have strong advertising again. Maybe the same dollar inflation but it will be less on a percent basis. And then you'll have the top line benefits from acquisitions, right? And then in terms of headwinds, maybe a little bit less pricing than '22, still some macro uncertainty in Europe and Asia, still some new regulations in the UK. you have to wade through. And then, of course, you'll have FX, higher interest expense and lower pension income. So I know I'm running through all these pretty quickly. I don't mean to put you on the spot, but does anything kind of stand out that's major that I'm missing or getting incorrect in that kind of quick list there?
Luca Zaramella : Yes. Maybe I think the only 1 thing I would add to that equation, Ken, is the synergy that will come to fruition through the acquisitions of Chipita, Ricolino and Clif. And those are not only revenue synergies, as you mentioned, they are also cost synergies and better bottom line. I think in general, the way we think at this point about 2023, it is that consumer demand fundamentals are still strong, and we believe we are in a good place in terms of revenue and demand for next year. As we've just said, we compete in resilient categories. And we have created strong loyalty through the investments we have been making in our brands. I think importantly, as you dissect the regions, emerging markets are doing very well. I think looking at the revenue number, 34%-plus, 8% volume growth in the quarter, it is simply amazing. And it is important to say here that particularly on this, we still have quite a bit of headroom in terms of distribution penetration of our categories and not to mention the value of categories like cakes and pastries and et cetera. I think in terms of the U.S., it is on a good trajectory. I mentioned a little bit the share trajectory that we see going into next year. And as we said, we are about to implement another round of pricing. I think the question mark is a little bit Europe but pricing there is inevitable. We'll see what happens with customers in Q1. But importantly, we have been investing in brands there as well. We have been creating bonds with consumers. And as we said, I think we believe our categories are still a necessity these tough times. So all in all, I think we are going to have an algorithm year, but let's stay tuned because quite frankly, it is a little bit premature at this point in time to give you guidance for 2023.
Operator: Next, we can go to the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar : Maybe to start off, just picking up on the emerging market commentary. Obviously, the results there remain really standout and probably better than many had surmised or forecast, given how volatile some of these markets can be. Maybe you can just get into a little bit more detail on just a couple of the key largest emerging markets and kind of how you're thinking about how those look as you go forward and what you're sort of building into the forecast? And then I've just got a quick follow-up.
Luca Zaramella : Yes, maybe I'll take that and Dirk can also chime in here. Look, reality is we are very pleased with emerging market performance. And I think it has been quite strong all around. When we look a little bit beyond the last three quarters, I would say that all emerging markets pretty much bounced back very well from pre COVID and -- or for COVID. And I think the performance versus pre-2020 has accelerated in those markets. We have been consistently investing and that is paying off. We are not privy to all the P&Ls for emerging markets, but what I can tell you is that they are delivering reported dollar top line growth. They are delivering top and bottom line dollar growth, and importantly, generating quite a bit of cash flow for us. So I think from a return of capital is really something that is remarkable. We still have huge headrooms, I believe, with brands like Oreo, Milka, Cadbury, et cetera. And I believe we will be -- we will continue to be positively surprised by this market also going forward. Look, beyond the usual suspects like India, China, et cetera, and those are markets that continue to do very, very well, we are particularly pleased with markets like Southeast Asia at this point in time. We are particularly pleased with markets like Brazil. We continue to do very, very well and generate solid top and bottom line in those markets. I think WACAM, which is Western Andean region bouncing back from pre COVID, particularly through Gum & Candy. But importantly, the light motive of all these markets is the performance of Oreo, which is just amazing. So I think all in all, I would say I can't call out one specific market here. It is pretty much all of them doing quite well.
Andrew Lazar : And then you've talked about a lot of the -- some of the incremental pricing moves, right, that you've made or are in the process of making to try and better position yourself for what's coming next year. Would we anticipate at this point being in a point to enter the year where you would have all of what you need in place such that there wouldn't be as much of, let's say, a lag to start the new year? Or should we brace ourselves maybe for the sort of consistent lag of getting incremental pricing in before you really fully catch up again to the type of cost inflation that you're looking for next year?
Luca Zaramella : Look, reality is pricing for more than half -- more than 50%, has already been taken or announced. And so as a matter of pricing for next year, you have to think about carryover of announced pricing being for more than 50% done. Obviously, as we said, there is the U.S. coming as of December, and that will add to the 50%. I think in general, your assumption is absolutely correct. The only 1 distinction I would make is Europe. And Europe, I think, will have a little bit of a lag compared to the necessity of pricing because particularly, energy costs are a reality right now. And so you're going to see some margin pressure potentially in Europe in Q1 and potential customer disruption will compound on that. I think for the rest, you are correct.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow : I was hoping you could give a little more color into the logics for this third round of price increase in the U.S. Are you taking it because you have commodity hedges that are rolling over and can no longer protect your costs? Are you taking it because packaging costs are rising higher? Could you be more specific as to that? And then also, are you also trying to price through some of the knock-on elements of inflation, like labor or energy? Or does the logic still just focus on the kind of components of the product?
Dirk Van de Put : Your assumption is right. It's a combination of everything you said. So our approach to pricing is that the additional costs we see every year, which could be from a commodity perspective, packaging, labor, transportation, we are trying to price away. So we do have a number of hedges that are coming off. We are careful on the hedging for next year because it could, to our opinion, go both ways. Prices could -- or cost could still go up. We want to hedge the right way against that, but we also need to be careful that commodity costs don't come down and that we can benefit from that. And so the short answer to what you said, it's all of the above. The good news about the third round of pricing in the U.S. is that it's been announced and it's been accepted by the clients. We will see how the consumer reacts, but so far, the two previous price increases, we have not seen a major impact on consumer offtake and penetration and frequency, volume growth and so on is all still very strong. So we have good confidence that this price increase will go through. And then we should be okay unless something happens in our cost picture.
Operator: Next, we go to Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe : I just had a couple of questions for you. The first one would just be that you've given some commentary around, obviously, some more pricing in North America. It sounds like a little better volume performance in Europe. I just wanted to understand around those factors and perhaps as others to consider. Would you...
Dirk Van de Put : Hello?
Operator: Mr. Dickerson. My apologies. Next, we move to Mr. Dickerson with Jefferies.
Robert Dickerson : Maybe just kind of a broader question for you, Dirk, around A&C. Obviously, we keep hearing a lot of people think promotional activities going need to increase because you see still increase, but I've heard a lot of C-level managers from food companies, CPG companies say actually now price as well as elasticity stays benign, don't need to increase promotional side while at the same time on a low basis as we saw in Q3. You obviously continue to really invest behind your brands. So I guess kind of quick, almost two-part question. One is just kind of what's the current perspective on kind of go-forward promotional needs with the competitive backdrop? And then two, should we be thinking as we go forward, let's say, even two years or three years that of that rate of that year-over-year A&C spend could kind of mimic the rate of the year-over-year revenue growth spend as you may have some needs, especially with some of the recent acquisitions? Or is there operational leverage that could come out of that? That's it.
Dirk Van de Put : Yes. Well, I would say that in the current environment where we have to increase our prices quite substantially, it is important for us to keep on increasing our A&C spending because we need to make sure that the consumer has trust in our brands and really want to consume them. And we can clearly see the effects of this year after year increasing in our spending. We can now see -- although overall, there's not that much movement into private label, in the market where there is a little bit of movement in private label, it's not so much coming from our brand. And I think that is a reflection from the spending that we've had. Going forward, particularly since we're seeing an acceleration in our top line, particularly since we're seeing our volume working for us, I would say we don't really anticipate that we're going to change that formula. You know the way we think about this. We grow our gross profit at an X percentage. But this quarter is quite strong, I would say. And we then want to flow half of that back into investing in the business and half of that in the bottom line. I don't think that will necessarily change. It's working for us and the business is accelerating. As it relates to the acquisitions, obviously, we have foreseen, in some of the acquisitions, a significant investment because we do have cost synergies, which as Luca said, will start to show up next year in our results. But we also have top line synergies. And we feel that some of the brands have quite good potential, but they might need some investments. So we're going to use the same formula as it relates to acquisitions as we are using on the rest of the business. Will, over time, we do a constant measurement, which is about advertising sufficiency? That still shows that increasing our advertising will lead to increased volume, will lead to increased net revenue growth. And so as long as we can confirm that picture, we feel that this is the right track for us. As soon as we would see that, that is not the case anymore. Obviously, we would not keep on increasing our A&C. But at this stage, I think it's working. We don't see a reason to change it.
Operator: We return to the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe : Okay. You got me now. Yes, if you didn't like that question, you didn't have to cut me off. I'm only kidding. So I was just going to ask about the gross margin and just to understand with more price -- with pricing -- more pricing coming in North America, it sounds like a little better volume performance in Europe. Should we expect a better balance of pricing and cost inflation in the fourth quarter and therefore, some sequential gross margin improvement?
Luca Zaramella : Look, I think as a matter of fact, we don't give much guidance around gross margin. But the way you have to think about it is there is gross profit growth in terms of dollars that we commit to and that we are going to deliver. As you think about gross margin percentage, I think particularly, the U.S., Latin America and AMEA are on, I believe, a solid ground. Obviously, in Europe, you're going to see the benefit of pricing but do not necessarily neglect the fact that particularly around energy, there is more costs coming our way. Now for the year, we are 100% covered in terms of commodities and ForEx, so we have visibility. I think you're still going to see a little bit of margin pressure in Q4. But importantly, you're going to see strong dollar growth, and you're going to see that flowing partly to the bottom line. We will continue to invest. And as I said, as you think about particularly Chipita and if you think about Clif, there will be some synergies coming our way.
Chris Growe : Okay. And just one other question on -- there was a comment about mix being a bit of a drag. I just want to understand, is that geographic mix? Or is that something you're seeing in terms of your product assortment, your SKUs? Any kind of trade down or smaller pack sizes, that kind of thing?
Luca Zaramella : No, I don't think that it is anything concerning. What I said as it relates to biscuits is that volume was up but volume/mix was partially down. And the reason for that is that mix in Europe because of customer disruption caused a little bit of the problem. So there were product lines, particularly in France and other places, that are more profitable than others around the world, and those were mostly impacted by customer disruption. We have also to realize that customer disruption in terms of margins is a little bit higher because obviously, we still have fixed costs. And so the marginal contribution of those lines is a little bit higher. But mix is not a concern. And as we will start seeing biscuit growing volume more consistently most likely in the U.S., I think you're going to see the benefit of mix coming through. But there is nothing really to worry about down-trading or anything else.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley.
Pamela Kaufman : So your full year guidance for at least 10% organic sales growth implies that Q4 slows to high single-digit growth compared to over 11% organic sales growth year-to-date. So how should we think about the degree of conservatism in your outlook? And have you seen any changes in the operating backdrop that make you more cautious about the near-term trends?
Luca Zaramella : I mean, your math is right, obviously. The implied Q4 growth is 7%-plus, but importantly, there is a plus in there. So we might have more than 7%, which is something that obviously we might have. Reality is we are about to implement pricing actions and what we want is to end the year, particularly on the trade stock side, on a good position. We don't want the trade of retailers to be impacted by more stock. And so you might call us conservative and we will see. Reality is into the current guidance, which is 10%-plus on both revenue and EPS, I think we feel quite comfortable that there might be a little bit of upside. But we will try to make sure that we end the year in the right place in light of 2023.
Pamela Kaufman : Great. And then can you talk about the drivers of your market share improvement and earlier expectations for market share improvement in the U.S.? Where are you in rebuilding capacity on inventory levels on some of the brands where you saw capacity constraints shortages?
Dirk Van de Put : Yes. So as we said in the last month, we've already seen market share gains. We expect that to continue and we expect a good tailwind market share-wise into 2023. The overall industry headwinds are moderating. That is helping. So logistic challenges have improved. Still a little bit of issues on cross-border transportation from Mexico. But within the U.S., we're doing quite well. The labor market is easing, so our third-party manufacturers are having an easier time with that. And so I would say turnover is still high but we are continuing to be at a good staffing in the plant. As a consequence of all that and us sort of focusing on the key SKUs, doing a number of changes in our factories, making sure that we have longer runs of SKUs and so on, our service levels have consistently improved now every single month in the quarter. So we're now back in the high 70s, nothing here to brag about but clearly improving. The consequence of that is that trade inventory levels are continuing to recover, so we have less out of stocks, and that starts to show in consumer offtake. Most of our biscuits brands are already in positive share territory. In September, our biscuit share was up, as I said, and we expect that share growth to accelerate in Q4 because the on-shelf availability recovery is going quite well now. On top, we will increase our A&C investment in the fourth quarter in the U.S. We, so far, had held back a little bit because of those supply chain issues. But now to accompany the price increase, we're going to significantly step up our investments. So we expect that we will enter '23 with a good momentum in the U.S.
Operator: Our final question for today comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Mizuho.
John Baumgartner : I just wanted to come back to emerging markets and specifically the vol/mix component of growth there. Can you just speak a bit more to the breakdown between the contributions from underlying consumption? I guess just from the COVID recovery but then also specific to your investments, whether it's distribution growth, innovation, the local jewels, regaining share. How would you rank order the contributors to vol/mix? And then should we expect any change to the balance of those drivers going forward?
Dirk Van de Put : Yes. So I think it's a mixture of the two in the sense that we have very strong investment in our brands. We have a confident consumer in emerging markets, and that is leading to robust volume growth. They are also more used to an inflationary environment. And I'm talking about the consumer but also about our teams to constantly, year after year, deal with this pricing and RGM. So that is leading to very robust volume growth, I would say. Our volume in Q3 is up 7%, which is quite extraordinary. The other thing I would say is that we are also increasing our distribution, which is an added benefit. If you think about China or India, we're literally adding tens of thousands of stores every year through our distribution and that obviously helps. The third thing that I would mention is the strength of Oreo and the fact that we are investing now across the board a little bit more in Oreo, and we're seeing good results from that, so Oreo's becoming very strong for us in these markets. And we -- for instance, in Mexico, we expect to see some big effects from Ricolino where we are tripling our route to market. So that will start to play a role also.  So I would say it's a combination of very good investment, confident consumer, careful management of RGM. We are not doing across-the-board price increases but playing it very careful in the different countries, combining with good distribution gains. That is what's leading to that strength in emerging markets for us.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at any time.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Mondelez International Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about 1 hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session. . I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me today are: Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website, mondelezinternational.com/investors. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K, Q and 8-K filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. As we discuss our results today, unless noted as reported, we'll be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures, which adjust for items included in our GAAP results. In addition, we provide our year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis unless otherwise noted. You can find the comparable GAAP measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the presentation. Today's call, Dirk will provide a business and strategy update, then Luca will take you through our financial results and our outlook. We will close with Q&A. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Thanks, Shep, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. I will start on Slide 4. I'm pleased to share that we have delivered a strong first half of the year with robust volume growth and solid pricing execution that supports raising our full year growth outlook to 8% plus. Our core chocolate and biscuit businesses continue to demonstrate volume and pricing resilience. As consumers around the world continue to seek out our trusted and iconic brands to meet their snacking needs.  And although we may see a more mixed consumer sentiment in the near term, given the macro environment, we expect the consumers to consume more at home and be more selective in the brands they buy, which we believe to be a net positive for. We also continue to effectively navigate a dynamic operating environment. Input cost inflation remains challenging. And although we may see commodity inflation beginning to ease, we expect other costs like wages to show significant inflation. Our strong track record in having cost efficiency and simplification positions us well to mitigate the impact of these inflationary factors. At the same time, our consistent results enable us to maintain our course in driving a virtuous cycle where strong net revenue and gross profit or to continuous investment in our brands, distribution capabilities and acquisitions. We also continue to make great progress in reshaping our portfolio. A great example of that is our agreement to acquire Clif Bar, which will improve our position in the attractive and fast-growing snack bar category. I'll share some additional context on the exciting in a few minutes. Along with the Clif acquisition, we announced plans to divest our developed market Gum & Halls businesses, allowing us to focus our portfolio and further invest in our faster-growing businesses of chocolate and biscuits. We remain confident that the strength of our brands, our proven strategy and our increasing investments position us well to deliver attractive sustainable growth for the remainder of 2022 and beyond. Above all, I'm extremely confident in our people, who continue to demonstrate exceptional passion and dedication to serving our consumers despite ongoing challenges with inflation, supply and periodic in COVID conditions. Day in and day out are 80,000-plus makers and bakers strive to help people snack right. We respect and honor our colleagues around the world, and we truly believe that team Mondelez is a very theme in the consumer packaged goods industry. Turning to Slide 5. You can see that our strategy is continuing to drive a virtuous cycle. The strength of our brands, increasing investments, volume growth and significant pricing actions are sustaining top line momentum and solid profitability despite substantial inflation. We grew revenue this quarter by 13.1% and 10.7% for the first half of the year. We delivered gross profit growth of 9.7% due to healthy volume growth and pricing actions. Our A&C investments have increased double digits as to gain or hold share across more than half our revenue base and positioning us well for future periods. An example of our commitment to brand investment is the renovation of Milka to make this leading chocolate brand, most tenders and creamy ever. This program includes an upgraded taste profile, premier and bent and distinctive packaging, celebrating the brand's Alpine soul. This initiative represents our largest chocolate brand renovation in 25 years. Illustration of the campaign is featured on our earnings presentation coverage page. We are supporting the launch with a fully-integrated 18-month marketing and advertising support program starting in H2 '22. And last, we increased operating income by 8.5% for the quarter and 11.2% in the first half while delivering great free cash flow results. As you can see on Slide 6, we delivered 10 points growth during the first half of the year. We view this strong performance as evidence that our long-term strategy continues to pay off. In late 2018, we launched a new growth plan focused on gross profit dollar growth, local first commercial execution, a virtuous cycle of increasing investment and a new approach to incentives. We are confident that this approach will continue to consistently deliver attractive growth. Importantly, we are also delivering strong volume, which is important to Mondelez. It is a proof that consumers are eating more of our products every day and an indication of sustainable long-term growth. Like many companies, as shown on Slide 7, we are experiencing a dynamic operating environment driven by global cost inflation, supply chain volatility and currency headwinds. Let's take a closer look at each of these dynamics and the steps we are taking to address them. First, we continue to elevated input cost inflation especially in the areas of energy, transportation, packaging, wheat, dairy and edible oils. To offset these challenges, we recently announced further pricing actions across key markets, and continue to do appropriate action to hedge our commodity costs along with ongoing productivity and cost reduction initiatives. Second, we continue to manage through volatility in the supply chain, especially in the United States due to labor shortages at third parties as well as the continuing gap in demand and supply of trucking capacity containers. Although we do have more work to do, we are making progress against our plans to unlock manufacturing warehouse capacity, improve service levels and implement new measures to support employee retention.  Third, we are working through the impact of the strengthening U.S. dollar particularly against the euro and the British pound by focusing on what we can control. This includes mitigating our translation exposure through currency hedges and net investment hedges. Delivering a real dollar earnings is an ongoing focus. And though we may see some significant currency trends in the short term, we have delivered robust real dollar earnings growth over the past several years. Turning to our categories and the consumer on Page 8. Our annual state of snacking survey shows that consumers increasingly prefer snacking over traditional meals. And because snacking plays such an important role in consumers' lives, our core categories of chocolate and biscuits historically have resilience to economic downturns and pricing actions. This trend continues to play out around the world despite an overall drop in consumer confidence. While developed consumers express growing frustration with rising prices for a broad range of goods and services, they continue to perceive chocolate and biscuits as affordable indulgences and an important pick-me-up. In fact, almost 40% of U.K. shoppers said that chocolate is a necessity and remains one of the best valued snack products. Due to enduring consumer loyalty, category volume growth and penetration is holding up well in most of our key developments. Elasticity have notched up slightly but remained low compared to historical benchmarks. Private label is either flat or down in the vast majority of our markets, and shoppers say they are much less likely to switch to private label in chocolate and biscuits compared to other categories. Meantime, in emerging markets, consumer confidence remains relatively strong, recovering to almost pre-COVID levels. And our core category shows solid volume and penetration growth despite price increases. Compared to developed markets, emerging market consumers are less likely to reduce overall consumption of our categories or switch when faced with price increases.  Instead, they are more likely to switch stores to find deals on their favorite brands or look for different sizes. Overall, we remain confident that the strength of our beloved and trusted brands will continue to help us navigate inflationary periods like the one we have today. Moving to our efforts around portfolio reshape on Slide 9. I'd like to share a bit more color on our recently announced agreement to acquire Clif Bar. Clif is a leader in growth, well-being snackbars. The company's own-trend brands including Clif, Luna and Clif Kids, a greater to our global snacking portfolio, and they are differentiated this page. Each of these brands is strong and healthy. pretty high advocacy and loyalty. Clif also enjoys high brand loyalty among the 18 to 24 age group. The brand also performs well on key tastes a critical differentiation across age groups in a category where many products does so well. Clif is also widely recognized as a leader in well-being and sustainable snacking. The company's purpose and culture are well aligned with our purpose of empowering people to snack right. We look forward to working with the passionate, dedicated Clif team to advance our shares. On Slide 10, you can see that we have moved from a small bar business in 2018 to about $300 million last year with the addition of perfect Snacks in Grenade and to a $1 billion-plus global snack bar platform factoring Clif. This gives us an attractive position in a $16 billion market with revenues roughly split between U.S. and international. As a significant 700 million-plus presence in the U.S., protein and energy space, which is expected to continue to grow well over the coming years as a diverse range of consumers increasingly count snack bars as meal replacements, energy or a better way of snacking. Slide 11 shows that the Clif Bar acquisition offers an opportunity for us to do business to our marketing expertise, operational excellence and financial discipline to create significant value. There are clear and substantial cost synergies, which include leveraging our experience with logistics and warehousing, reducing waste in existing and ties in marketing and advertising to optimize A&C spend. In terms of growth, we see substantial opportunities to increase household penetration and distribution in alternative and e-commerce as well as existing outlets. There is also an opportunity to unlock growth through revenue growth management and enhanced in-store excellence. And beyond the U.S., there are clear opportunities to drive international growth. We are excited about the announcement to acquire the Clif business and the top and bottom line growth opportunities that lie ahead. We also see material upside to the returns versus our low cost of capital. Moving to Slide 12. Clif is just the latest example of our continuing efforts to reshape our portfolio through strategic M&A that increases our exposure to incremental fast-growing snacking segment. Since we announced our growth strategy in 2018, we have completed or announced 9 acquisitions that strengthen and complement our portfolio and fill key gaps adding more than $2.8 billion in annual revenues and averaging growth in the high single digits. So 2022, in addition to announcing the Clif transaction, we have closed and integrated our acquisition of Chipita, a high-growth European leader in croissants and baked goods. And announced an agreement via Ricolino, Mexico's leading company for Bimbo. These strategic acquisitions will complement and build on our substantial M&A progress in 2021, which brought us a leading U.K. performance nutrition company, Gourmet Fola leading Australian premium biscuit and cracker company and Hu, a well-being snacking company in -- These acquisitions have been regional in nature, we can largely be managed by local teams. This includes the recent Chipita acquisition, which we successfully and rapidly traded at the end of Q2. We are confident that executing our strong patient playbook will allow us to drive sustained growth, accretive to our algorithm across the portfolio. With that, I will hand over to Luca for more details on our financials.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk, and good afternoon. Our second quarter performance was once again strong with above expectations, outcomes across all P&L line cash. We delivered revenue growth of plus 19% with 5 points coming from volume mix, showing the term approach to supporting our brands and investing in capabilities exploit our long runway of opportunities is paying off. Emerging market to show significant strength, posting an increase of more than 22% with great momentum across all our major business units. Importantly, volume mix drove more than 10 points of this. Developed market grew plus 8.1% for the second quarter with trends in both and North America as demand trends well throughout the. Volume mix was also positive in developed market, with approximately 4 points of volume in Europe. While U.S are the most likely negative given supply chain constraints. You can see our portfolio performance on Slide 15. Chocolate and biscuits continue to exhibit strong and durability as making CapEx. Additionally, Gum & Candy continue to improve as global mobility increases coming out of the pandemic. Biscuits grew 10.4% for the quarter, with nearly 2 points coming from volume mix. Emerging markets grew strong double digits, while developed markets increased high single digits. -- delivered strong increases include Oreo, Chips Ahoy, redBus. Chocolate grew more than 30%, with increases in both developed and emerging markets including digit growth in Europe. Chocolate was driven by robust volume growth of plus 9% as consumers continue to our brands as an affordable indulgence, both global and local product well, including Cadbury Dairy Milk, overall lands. -- entendre nearly 26% and Mexico East North Africa all delivered strong growth. Now let's review our market share performance in 16. We had or in 55% revenue base during the first half with 20 points of headwind due to the service challenges in the U.S. We expect to see gradual improvement in the second half of the year. Our chocolate category performed well with 75% of our revenue base holding or gaining share. Our biscuits category had a gain share in 40% of our revenue, close 40 points of headwinds from supply chain constraints in North America. We are already seeing some improvements in service and share, but we expect this improvement visible as the year progresses. Now on Page 17, we delivered high single-digit growth, both in terms of gross and operating profits. Importantly, the overall gross profit dollars delivery allowed us to reinvest in A&C by double digits in the quarter and obtained EBIT gains versus last year. Turning to regional performance on Slide 18. Europe grew 10.8% during the quarter, supported by great execution and strong growth across mass grocery as well as convenience away from home and travel detailed channels. Results were driven by nearly 6% volume mix. While dollar for the quarter planned a little over 1% by significant commodity pressure as well as the impact of the Ukraine war. The implementation of pricing will allow us to return to profit growth. Importantly, we continue to invest in A&C. North America grew 9.2% in Q2, driven by higher pricing in biscuits as well as double-digit Gum & Candy growth. Volume mix was down 1% as a result of continued supply chain constraints. North America OI increased by 6.3% during the quarter due to higher in that was announced in early. AMEA grew 13.2% for the quarter, with strong volume mix growth of 8.7 points showing continued momentum in the period. India grew almost 30% in the quarter, driven by chocolate and biscuit. China increased high single digits despite restrictions in certain and Southeast Asia delivered single-digit growth with double-digit growth in its and chocolate. AMEA increased oil dollars by 7.9% for the quarter as volume-driven profit was partially offset by commodities, transportation inflation and reinvestment in A&C. Latin America grew 33%, with double-digit volume mix growth. Category strength was broad-based, small digit increases across the board. Brazil, Mexico and our Western Andean business unit all posted very strong double-digit increases similar to last quarter. A dollars in Latin America increased more than 70% for the quarter. These increases were driven by broad-based volume-driven effective pricing to our GMO actions and higher and candy sales. Now on Slide 19. Q2 EPS grew 9.1% at constant currency. This growth was high quality as it was primarily driven by top line related operating gains.  On Page 20. We remain focused on driving attractive top and bottom line performance, including real dollar earnings growth. Clearly, this is a challenging year in terms of exceptional currency headwinds for us and for our industry. By executing against our strategy and focusing on what we can control, our performance over the past 3 years has been quite strong, both on an absolute and relative basis. These results are even more impressive if you consider we invested materially in our brands and capabilities. Going forward, we will continue to take actions to drive strong profit dollar growth in constant and real dollars. Turning to free cash flow and capital return on Slide 21. We delivered first half free cash flow of $1.6 billion during the first half as a result of our strong growth and profitability. We also returned $2.5 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases over the same period. Our ongoing confidence in the business and cash generation enabled us to also announce a 10% increase to our cash dividend. Over the past 3 years, we have increased our dividend by more than 35%. Before I cover our outlook, I wanted to make a comment on our focus now and going forward as it relates to the current environment. We have and will continue to take action to navigate some of the near-term dynamics around the inflation and supply chain constraints. How we remain true to our strategy and making the right decisions to drive attractive, profitable and sustainable growth for the long term. That means we remain committed to significantly investing behind our brands, driving volumes, generating healthy profit dollar growth and improving our market share. We believe this disciplined approach will create lasting and differentiated value for our consumers, customers and shareholders. We also had a clear focus on strong earnings growth in constant real terms dollars. We have done this over the past 3 years despite a strong dollar. Although this year is shaping up to be more challenging, we believe we are well positioned to attract real dollar earnings in the years to come. Now let me provide some color on our revised 2022 outlook on Slide 24. Given our strong first half results, we now expect 8% plus top line growth. This revised top line outlook factors in a number of considerations, including the negative full year impact anticipated from the Ukraine war including revenue losses related to products that previously were manufactured in the country and exported into Europe. This can be quantified in approximately 1 percentage point of equivalent revenue growth. Second, some elements of customer disruption in Europe as a result of the second wave of price increases. While we have already been able to agree on most of the planned price increases in Europe, there are still some customers and countries where negotiations are underway. The size of customer disruption is difficult to predict, but we have factored into our guidance a certain impact, which is expected to be more pronounced in the third quarter. Finally, although elasticities have been at low levels to have, we are planning for them to return closer to historical levels in the second half as consumers continue to navigate inflationary trends and increased pricing across most markets. Our EPS outlook of mid- to high single digits is unchanged. And risk adjusted for additional inflation resulting from the Ukraine war, some customer disruption with respect to pricing and higher levels of elasticity. However, driven the strength of our first half results and depending on the outcome of our pricing negotiations in Europe, we might finish in the upper part of this range. As far as cost inflation goes, our expectations for low double-digit cost inflation for full year 2022 are confirmed. This earnings outlook also reflects $0.04 of EPS headwind from our stopped Ukraine operations. Additionally, this outlook reflects our ongoing commitment investing in our brands. in media, not only during this period of elevated pricing, but importantly, to drive long-term growth. Our EPS outlook also now factors in $0.22 of related to ForEx impact. $0.12 of this amount has already been included in our first results. With respect to free cash flow, our view is unchanged. We continue to expect $3 billion. With that, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: . And our first question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Two questions for me. The first one is just maybe, Dirk, if you could step back and just give us sort of the current state of things in the marketplace? And I guess in the context of having such a strong first half and maybe contemplating maybe some deceleration in the second half. Just where do things stand currently as you kind of look across your various markets?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, Bryan. Well, I would say, overall, we feel good about how '22 is panning out for us. As you can see from the presentation, the demand is strong. We have very good volume growth. Chocolate and biscuits are showing good growth. The categories are holding up. The emerging markets are a real growth engine for us and developed markets are solid with good volume in Europe. And so overall, year-to-date, our profit dollar growth is good, double-digit. And free cash flow is also strong. So I think the numbers of the first half are really good. If I then look to the second half, we feel good about the second half. If I go a little bit about what's going to happen here, I think we will see some softening of consumer confidence, particularly in developed markets, I would say. But I do expect our categories to remain solid, probably flat to small growth in volume. And then, of course, the effect of pricing. And I think within that, our brands are very strong and have a good connection to the consumer. We will have ongoing conversations with our customers about price increases, and we will try to drive a value equation there. I think together, we can probably find a way to keep our categories going at a very good rate and create the necessary value. I think competition will be about the same, maybe a difference between those that will invest and those that won't. And then from a pricing perspective, I can, of course, not comment on the specifics, but more pricing has to happen, and it's -- we execute very carefully by market. But it is something that still is in the pipeline. Most of it has been announced, and we're now in the discussions and implementation of it. Elasticity, as you saw, is slow, but we expect an uptick, and we've planned, in fact, for the second half of the year, normal elasticity that might pan out that way or not. At this moment, it would look, it wouldn't but we thought it would be a more careful planning stance. And then from a cost perspective, yes, some commodities are pulling back, but we do expect the near-term inflation to remain high. So I would say that our stance for the second half is positive but careful because we might see a more pronounced consumer reaction. We might have more difficulties getting pricing implemented. But overall, I think what's unique about us is that we are clearly in a virtuous cycle here. We are investing quite strongly, as you could see. That is leading to strong volume growth with some good pricing on top. Our gross profit growth is good, which allows us to make those investments. And then that is then leading to a good bottom line. We think that virtuous cycle will continue, but there might be here and there more difficulties than we've had in the first half. But overall, I think we feel very good about '22.
Bryan Spillane: And if I could follow up on just specifically in Europe. In the prepared remarks you made, there were some comments about some caution around trying to push some price increases through. We know that there's -- we still have the conflict in the Ukraine and the impact on Russia. So maybe if you could talk a little bit about just -- is Europe kind of more of a concern area for you? And Luca, if you could add, the margins were pretty soft in Europe in the quarter. Is that something we expect over the back half of the year?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Again, Europe, I'll comment first on what we see with our business in the consumer in Europe and then Luca can talk about the margins. I mean Europe was strong from a top line perspective. I'll hand it over to Luca for the margins afterwards. The business continues to perform well. Our core categories, our robust penetration is flat. We don't necessarily see consumers walking away from our categories or down trading so far. What we see is that consumers continue to prioritize grocery spending. They're spending less on other categories, but not on grocery. Private label is not particularly increasing. There is really little evidence that, that is happening. What we do see is that consumers are switching more to discounters. So that's a little bit the overall situation. So, so far, so good, I would say, nothing major happening from a consumer perspective. Going forward, yes, we are probably a little bit more concerned about Europe because we still have some pricing to implement of the second pricing round in Europe, about 65% is now agreed, still 35% under discussion. I think we will get there. But then the consumer will be confronted with that extra pricing, and we will see what the reaction is going to be there. So I would say we are feeling good so far, but we are -- of all the regions around the world, probably more concerned about what's going to happen in the second half in Europe. Luca?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. So Bryan, a couple of things just to give you a little color. When actually I look at the GP dollar line for Europe, it goes up year-over-year even if marginally. But clearly, the material revenue and volume did translate proportionately into the appropriate gross margin. And that is because quite honestly, we have been a little bit delayed in terms of implementing pricing as compared to when commodity costs kicked in. So I want to reassure you that as we implement these pricing actions and you might still see margins under pressure in Q3 because of potential customer disruption. But as of -- as we look back and as these things will be behind us, margins in Europe will be restored. The other one that is important for us to notice is that A&C was up meaningfully in the quarter in Europe because obviously I have about price increases we want to keep consumer engaged. So the simple straight answer is yes, margin was pressured. As we implement pricing, the situation should get back to normal. And importantly, we continue investing, and that is one of the reasons why actually despite gross profit dollar being up year-on-year, OI margin -- OI dollars was down in the quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: You raised your full year organic outlook -- growth outlook meaningfully but kept obviously the mid- to high single-digit constant currency EPS growth guidance. What would be preventing the top line strength from flowing through to profitability more significantly? Or is there perhaps an element of conservatism built in the model? It certainly seems that way from some of your previous comments, but I just want to make sure there's nothing else or discrete that's preventing that flow through that I'm not aware of.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. No, I think it's a very good question. Thank you, Andrew. I'll give you a little bit of color around how the P&L came together in our mind in terms of giving you guidance. We continue and I personally continue to feel very confident about 2022 being a very strong year, and that is not only in terms of top line, but also in terms of bottom line and particularly cash flow. You might have noticed $1.6 billion in the first half. It is one of the strongest numbers we have ever posted, the strongest number.  Chocolate and biscuits, we are very happy. They are doing very well. I'm impressed with the volume mix that we saw in the first half. And as I said, while we kept on investing in the business, you see that our bottom line and cash flow continue to be strong. The 8% plus top line guidance reflects that confidence. And when you consider that it includes 1 point for the Ukraine prices, a potential and quite frankly as I said, difficult to estimate impact from customer reaction and as well as a more normal level of elasticities. You understand really that the business has an underlying momentum that is quite good, and we are confident in the combination of those trends.  On the profit side, look, I said it the last time we talked, I said we might be cautious and we continue to be cautious. But quite frankly, we are now in a much better position than we were in the last quarter to really see line of sight to high single-digit EPS at this point. I just wanted to be a little bit conservative because clearly, customer disruption is difficult to predict and then elasticities that are above what we see today can play a role as well. So I would like to say that in case of elasticities that are more benign and more benign customer reaction than the one we have planned certainly, we're going to be within the high single-digit limit. I also would like to make a point, which might be overlooking all these numbers is, and it is the fact that we continue to observe very good cost discipline in the company. You might be sidetracked by looking at the SG&A line being up year-on-year. But realities, overheads are held under control and the line that is increasing by more than 13% is our A&C support to the business.
Andrew Lazar: Great. And then just briefly, Dirk, thanks for the details on Clif. Some investors certainly still question the greater foray into the bar category, and as recently announced with Clif is it's perceived as a fairly crowded space and one maybe where it can be tougher to sort of differentiate. I guess what underpins your confidence in being able to drive the profitability of that Clif business meaningfully over the next several years such that there is a compelling ROI on the transaction?
Dirk Van de Put: Thanks, Andrew. Well, we believe that the category is interesting. And it had a slowdown as it relates to the COVID because it's very heavily linked to mobility, but clearly, the category is coming back in the recent months. And Clif, within that category is a very strong position. It's -- it has been for several years the fastest growing in that bar market. We would say that the brand is very strong from our perspective across all age groups. It has organic ingredients. It has a great taste. When we look at the details, we believe that there is a big opportunity to expand distribution in existing and alternative channels, but also improve the quality of the distribution of where Clif is present. We also think we can optimize A&C as well as their cost of goods and their SG&A. We also think that working with them, we can work on RGM and PPA and also make a difference there. We think the transaction price was a fair premium for a very scarce high-growth quality asset in North America. So we feel good about the value that we're getting there. I would say that the profitability of last year for Clif is not representative. As I said, we have a significant opportunity to optimize overheads, implement an RGM strategy, they've been experiencing supply chain disruption. And we're already seeing in the first 2 quarters of this year, a much improved profitability for the business. So we feel that the business is completely coming back to normal, and then we can add on the many synergies that we see from our side. So the earn-out is another factor probably that's important. We did see the possibility to add a significant earnout if we would go with a substantial top line acceleration and margin expansion. So we believe that as we would enter into that acceleration, our returns would even go up. And so we hope that we will see that sort of growth that we have been planning for.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher Growe: I just had a question for you, if I could, on -- around this quarter with this accelerating rate of volume growth in relation to accelerating pricing, which is obviously very encouraging. I wonder if you could discuss that broadly and what you think drove that incremental volume as the pricing went higher. But then also with that stronger volume growth should come better fixed cost leverage and with the gross margin being down a little bit sequentially, I realize that pricing did not quite keep up with inflation. But just to understand how that fixed cost leveraging might have helped the gross margin in the quarter or may help it going forward?
Luca Zaramella: Look, we are very happy with the volume growth and the revenue progression. There is an element of clearly some of the businesses that were impacted during COVID coming back. The reality is the underlying performance of both biscuits and chocolate is just great. I can't find another word really to qualify it. As you look at the profit, the volume leverage is in there. The point is, particularly in the case of Europe, as you look at the profitability number, there is a lag between commodities hitting the P&L and pricing being implemented. And you realize that maybe Europe, it is more challenging than in other places. In the rest of the world, we have been much more proactive in terms of pricing. But it is Europe really impacting the overall profitability of the company. Having said that, I still would like to get a couple of points out there. We clearly identified the watermark for our algorithm to work in terms of gross profit dollars to be 4% plus versus last year. I mean, this quarter, we are almost 10%. You look at the profit dollar growth, I think on a year-to-date, we are 11%. You look at the amount of A&C we have put into the P&L. As I said, it is double digit year-on-year. So when you step back, I think the question would be if we had priced earlier in Europe, how good of a P&L group we have, and it would be clearly much, much better. And that, I think, is what is going to happen going forward if we continue to invest in the business and execute pricing well because I think there is still, obviously, as we've said, a few situations where lies pricing needs to be implemented, particularly in Europe. Volume leverage is a critical component of the algorithm, and we will protect it as much as possible. And the benefit is going into the P&L. The point, as I said, if there is a lag between pricing and commodity going into the P&L of Europe.
Christopher Growe: Okay. And just a quick follow-on. If I think about the second half outlook and a little more cautious view on margins, at least at this point as you've taken revenue up and kept EPS in place. Is the main item to watch here the consumers' reaction to the pricing? Is it elasticity we should be watching? Or is the volume performance? Or anything else that you would just note that we should watch as indicator for success for the second half of the year?
Luca Zaramella: Look, the underlying margins is quite good. The inflationary pressure, I would say, is going a little bit up because obviously, in Q1, we had a more favorable pipeline of commodities. But besides elasticities, as I said, there is this element of what is the impact of customer disruption. And so that's where we wanted to give you the mid-single digit to high single-digit range as far as EPS goes. But look, as I said, even in presence of may be a customer disruption but with more benign elasticities than those that we have planned that are in line with historical norms, I think we still have a shot at getting to high single-digit EPS.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Can we ask to begin with, there wasn't much commentary in the prepared remarks about market share trends, which I know were very strong a couple of years ago and probably down year-on-year against some tough comps. But I wondered whether you could just make some commentary on that, particularly given what we're seeing in North America, where I think it's down, but maybe because of supply chain constraints. But I'd also be curious about market share trends in other parts of the world as well. And I have a quick follow-up after that.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, the answer is relatively straightforward apart from some nits here and there. The only area where our market share is down is in the U.S. And that is driven by the supply chain gradual recovery that we're having. If I look around the world in AMEA, we have very solid gains in China, in India, multi biscuits. We see also gum in China doing extremely well. Chocolate in South Africa is doing well. In Europe, we are gaining share, mainly driven by France biscuits and U.K. biscuits. Latin America is flat yesterday, but they had a major increase last year, but also their biscuits are gaining share. And the Easter period has been particularly strong for us. So we have gained significant share there. Was our strongest Easter ever. We will have some negative impact in Europe because we were exporting to the European market from our Ukraine factories. And so that will have an effect. We're working on alternative sourcing, but until the end of the year, we will have some disruption from that. Now if I look to the U.S. So the share that we're losing there is purely because of supply chain constraints and it's on 4 local brands: Nilla, Nutter Butter, Premium and belVita. Our supply chain service levels and the performance of our lines are gradually improving. And so we are expecting to see some share improvement in North America in the second half of the year. And overall, I would say, longer term, we feel very good about continued share gains because of the amount of brand investments we're doing, the ROI we're getting on those. We are also driving share because of distribution gains in places like China, India, Southeast Asia, and we also have good gains coming from our innovation. So if you would be able to discard the U.S. situation, I think you would be able to see a very good situation in the rest of the world.
Alexia Howard: Great. And just a quick follow-up. Have you just closed how you're planning to finance the Clif Bar acquisition, whether that's out of debt, cash on hand or any other measures?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. We have released, I think, a couple of weeks back an 8-K where we have secured a little bit of additional term loan. And clearly, that has to function as a bridge to the divestiture of gumin developed market and holds worldwide to be able to deploy those funds for the acquisition of Clif. So that's the idea, and it applies the same to Ricolino. Now there are still other things that might be in play. As you know, we have multiple levels of flexibility within the balance sheet with coffee, with divestitures, et cetera. I think at this point in time, though, I still believe that the $2 billion of share buybacks is secured for the year. So I'm not sure we will go there to fund the acquisitions.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI.
David Palmer: On Europe, you mentioned that organic sales and volume trends are remaining strong, and you showed that pretty lousy consumer confidence numbers over there, though. And so it does seem to be maybe even more than the U.S. a period of some data looking worse than others. But are you seeing any countries or categories where price elasticity is picking up and you're seeing some trade down? And is that in any part some of the resistance you're picking up from retailer customers on the latest round of price increases?
Dirk Van de Put: Well, first, I would say that our categories, biscuits and chocolates are normally quite resilient in these circumstances. We've seen it during COVID, but we have also seen it in 2008 and in previous recessions because it's a small indulgence that consumers find difficult to forget or to leave behind. And then the presence of private label is relatively limited in our categories. So that might be -- at the start of it, that might be one of the reasons why our categories and our performance continues to look fairly strong. If you then look at consumer confidence, I think we do see a softening and consumers clearly talk about the inflation, the interest rates, the threat of recession. We don't see that in emerging markets, but the question, of course, was about developed. There is no drag on volumes yet. But if you go around the markets in Europe, things are different sometimes. So you, for instance, see a very strong French biscuit market, but you see chocolate in Germany and U.K. affected. And sometimes it has to see with seasonality and things like that and COVID with last year. But overall, I would say, from the consumer consumption perspective, it's a mixed bag. But overall, it remains relatively mitigated the effect. The elasticities are slightly up versus Q1, but they are still below the historical benchmark. We do expect higher levels, as I explained in years ago, but it's still nothing that is as high as it used to be before. So for instance, if I look at U.K. chocolate, that's probably where we see the highest elasticity so far. But it's declining the elasticity, and we are now about 10% below the '20 or '21 levels as it relates to elasticity. Now again, we have to see higher price increases in Europe for the second half. So we will see what happens there. But so far, there is really nothing from a penetration standpoint, from switching to private label, getting out of the category. We don't see anything that is of a major concern, but that doesn't mean it's going to remain like that.
David Palmer: And you mentioned A&C increasing double digits so far this year. Where are you most leaning in with that spend?
Dirk Van de Put: Well, the one region where we are not spending more than last year is in North America so far because of our supply chain disruption, and it didn't make sense. We first have to improve our customer service. But then in the rest of the world, I would say it's about equally split. There are some markets where we particularly want to focus on the growth that we see ahead of us. So there's a slight disruption here and there for higher investment. But overall, I would say it's across the board that we are investing in biscuits and chocolates, mainly.
Operator: Our last question will come from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Dirk, I believe it was you in prepared comments or maybe it was a response to question, I forget. But you referenced an outlook for your categories to kind of maintain maybe flat, modest volume growth and then price on top of it through the back half of the year. Your guidance implies that you expect your own volume to be down sort of low to mid-single digits in the back half. And I was hoping you could unpack that for us. Like are there specific things that you're aware of or that we should be aware of that will be headwinds or is gas to pile on the notion of conservatism, are you just sort of prudently assuming that things get worse because the environment is really choppy?
Luca Zaramella: Jason, maybe Dirk will comment on the category themselves. In terms of the guidance, as I said, when you strip out the impact of the Ukrainian war, which is 1 point that it is more pronounced in the second half. When you strip out the higher elasticities, we are planning or which arguably might be on the cautious side. And third, when you strip out the impact of the customer disruption pretty much the underlying trends of the first half are the same as of the second half. So I want to reassure you that in terms of slowdown, as you look at some of the numbers for chocolate and biscuits, as you look at emerging markets growing in the quarter, 22%, we are not assuming a material slowdown into the second part of the year. It is these 3 elements that I spend out in the prepared remarks and also in some of the answers I gave that impact the rest of the year. Look, the 8 plus, the plus is there for one reason, which is I would might end up doing better than that. And I believe it's there.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. From the category perspective, it was correct, what you was saying we thought that -- what we expect to see is relatively high pricing for probably in the 8% to 10% range, maybe even double-digit pricing. And that would be accompanied by flat to maybe a 1% volume growth. Now you have to keep into account that in previous years, the category growth was around -- in volume, was around 2%. And then and on top another 2% of pricing in the past. So we would not be that far away from the volume growth that we've been seeing in the past, maybe slightly down. So that's our estimate for the time being for the second half.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Dirk Van de Put: Well, thank you. Happy to have been able to inform you about a great first half of the year. Obviously, more to come, but thank you for your interest in the company and looking forward to talk to you in the coming weeks.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's call, and we appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Mondelez International First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by the Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session.  I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K, Q and 8-K filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. As we discuss our results today, unless noted as reported, we'll be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures, which adjust for certain items included in our GAAP results. In addition, we provide our year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis, unless otherwise noted. You can find the comparable GAAP measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. In today's call, Dirk will provide a business and strategy update, then Luca will take you through our financial results and outlook. We will close with Q&A. Before turning it over to Dirk, a reminder that we have an investor update on May 10 and that will begin 9 Eastern, 8 Central where Dirk, Luca and other senior leaders will talk more about the evolution of our strategy. More details will be on our IR website soon. With that, Ill turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you Shep, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. I will start on slide 4. I am pleased to share that we have delivered an excellent start to the year with robust volume growth, solid pricing, strong growth profit dollar growth and high cash delivery. Strong demand for snacks fueled broad-based growth all around the world, with the chocolate and biscuit categories continuing to demonstrate resilience and price elasticity remaining below historical levels. We also continue to effectively navigate a dynamic environment characterized by global input cost inflation, as well as lingering disruptions in the supply chain, labor and transportation. Throughout the quarter, we succeeded in mitigating these challenges through ongoing cost discipline and strategic pricing actions. At the same time, we continue to invest to support our brands, our distribution, our capabilities and acquisitions. We remain confident that the strength of our brands, our proven strategy and our continued investments position us well to deliver attractive, sustainable growth for the remainder of 2022 and beyond. It is especially important to note that we remain extremely confident in our people, the very best in the CPG industry. Each and every day, our makers and bakers around the world remain focused on delivering high-quality, great tasting snacks to enrich the lives of consumers. No matter how the external environment shifts from one quarter to the next, our diverse and dedicated teams continue to deliver the brands our consumers love. Turning to slide 5. You can see that our strategy is continuing to drive a virtuous cycle. The strength of our brands are continuously increasing investments and significant pricing actions, our sustaining top line momentum and solid profitability and position us well for another strong year in 2022. Our first quarter results show that we are off to a strong start. We grew revenue this quarter by 8.6%. We delivered gross profit growth of 9.9% due to higher pricing and robust volume. Our A&C investments have increased high single digits, and we gained our health share across half of our revenue base. We increased operating income by 13.5% and delivered $1 billion in free cash flow. We view these results as a healthy indicator of our ability to continue to deliver on our long-term growth algorithm. As you can see on slide 6, we are now averaging a 4.7% quarterly revenue growth rate since 2019. We feel good about this strong and consistent track record. In the second half of 2018, we shifted our paradigm on how to generate elevated growth by focusing on gross profit dollar growth, local first commercial execution, a virtuous cycle of always increasing investments and a new approach to incentives. We are confident that this approach will continue to consistently deliver attractive growth. We also believe this performance demonstrates not only the strength of our execution, but the attractiveness and durability of our core categories of chocolate and biscuit. Against that backdrop, I'm now on slide 7. We are excited to provide some additional details on our recently announced acquisition of Ricolino, the number one sugar confectionery and number four chocolate player in our priority markets of Mexico. This strategic acquisition will enable us to double our size in Mexico, a key priority market for us and Latin America's second largest market after Brazil. Ricolino has a broad portfolio of iconic widely loved chocolate and candy brands include Ricolino, Vero, La Corona and Coronado. In addition to the taste of the nation brands, the organization's robust route-to-market infrastructure, which has more than 2,100 DSD routes that serve more than 440,000 traditional trade outlets will enable us to rapidly expand our share in biscuits and chocolate. We also will benefit from four new manufacturing facilities with strong production capabilities. We expect this acquisition to rapidly drive value. Ricolino has been growing at an 8% CAGR with solid profitability over the past five years and currently delivers more than $500 million in net revenue. Its high strategic fit transforms our business with now 75% of revenues coming from core snacking categories and great opportunities for both revenue and cost synergies. Like other companies, as shown on slide 8, we are experiencing a dynamic operating environment driven by global cost inflation and supply chain volatility. We condemn the war in Ukraine, which is not only causing great human suffering, but adds to an already very difficult cost and supply chain environment. Let's take a closer look at each of these dynamics and the steps we are taking to address them. First, we continue to face elevated input cost inflation, especially in the areas of energy, transportation, packaging, wheat, dairy and edible oils. To offset these challenges, we recently announced further pricing actions across key markets. Additionally, our commodity costs are about 85% hedged for the year and near fully hedged in key areas. We are also continuing to accelerate productivity and throughput initiatives. Second, we continue to manage through volatility in the supply chain, especially in the US, due to labor shortages at third parties, as well as a continuing gap between demand and supply of trucking capacity and containers. To offset these challenges, we are continuing to improve our manufacturing and warehouse capacity, prioritizing key SKUs and implementing new measures to support employee retention. And third, we are working through numerous challenges related to the ongoing war in Ukraine. I would now like to spend a few minutes addressing our actions to care for and protect our people, as well as our operations in the region. First and foremost, our thoughts are with the people of Ukraine and all those around the world with family, friends and loved ones who have been impacted. The current situation is devastating, and we condemn this senseless violence. We have taken a number of important steps to protect our colleagues, including strong financial support, border crossing assistance and help with finding housing. As part of these steps, we are continuing to pay our employees in Ukraine. Additionally, we are stepping up our commitment to relief efforts, dedicating so far 10 million to humanitarian support and food security. This includes donations to international and local aid organization focused on supporting all people in Ukraine, but also with a specific focus on the communities where we have plans. On top of financial donations, our teams are providing on-the-ground help. For instance, we have helped transfer more than 100 children from Ukraine to Turkey, secured diesel generators to help provide power to critical public facilities and we are making food available in Ukraine, including product donations and working with distributors. Our two manufacturing operations in Ukraine have been shut down since the war began. Unfortunately, our site in Trostyanets has suffered significant damage due to the substantial military action in the area. Our site in  also remains closed. Thankfully, none of our employees were injured at either facilities. It is too early to provide you with potential next steps for the facilities, but we will work to make these facilities operational when the local situation allows. In terms of our business in Russia, as a food company, we have scaled back all nonessential activities, including stopping all new capital investments, any planned product launches and line extensions, commercial sponsorships and advertising. We are focused on local production of shelf-stable packaged snacks that are staples in people's daily lives. We also continue to provide support to our colleagues. With that, I will hand over to Luca for more details on our financials.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk, and good afternoon. Our first quarter performance was strong from top to bottom to cash flow. We delivered revenue growth of 8.6%, with nearly four points of that growth coming from volume mix. Emerging markets continue to show great strength, posting an increase of more than 16%, with strengths across all our major business units. Importantly, volume mix dropped nearly 10 points of this growth, with notable performances from Brazil India, China and Mexico. Developed markets grew 4.2% for the first quarter, with strength in both Europe and North America as demand remains strong. As for emerging markets, also, our developed market volume mix was positive, but pricing drove a good portion of that growth. Turning to our portfolio performance on slide 11. Chocolate and biscuits continue to demonstrate strong growth and drive our business. Gum and candy also increased significantly as many areas are at/or above pre-pandemic levels. Biscuits grew 6.7% for the quarter, with more than two points coming from volume mix. Similarly to Q4, emerging markets were a significant engine of growth in this category. Brazil, Mexico, India, Southeast Asia all grew double digit, while China posted high single-digit growth. Oreo, Chips Ahoy!, HU and Tae  are among those brands that deliver double-digit increases. Chocolate grew more than 8% for the quarter, with increases in both developed and emerging markets. Both global and local brands grew well, including Cadbury, Dairy Milk, Milka, Tobleron, Lacta and Riz . Gum and candy continued to show improvement with growth of 27% related to mobility increases. China, Brazil and Mexico were among some of the larger gum businesses posting strong performances. Now let's review our market share performance on slide 12. We held or gained share in approximately 50% of our revenue base during the quarter, with approximately 25 points of high win due to the inventory situation in the US and related out of stock. Our chocolate category continued to do well, with 70% of our revenue base holding or gaining share. While our biscuit category held or gained share in 40% of our revenue base, the impact driven by lower inventory levels in North America following the Q3 strike and continued labor shortages at third-party manufacturers is worth 40 points of headwind. We expect these dynamics to improve as we move into the second half of the year. A few of the more notable areas of share gains in Q1 include China, India, Brazil, Mexico, UK and France Biscuit; UK, Brazil and South Africa chocolate; and China gum. As we move into Q2, we expect our chocolate share to improve in several key markets in Europe and EMEA due to Easter timing where our portfolio is especially strong. Now turning to page 13. For the quarter, profitability was strong due to higher pricing, strong volume leverage and the benefit of hedges related to currency and commodities. Turning to regional performance on slide 14. Europe grew 4.9% during the quarter, supported by great execution, a strong Easter performance and continued recovery in the convenience away-from-home and travel retail channels. Our results were driven by 3.4 points of volume growth with strong increases in many markets, including the UK, as well as Central and Eastern Europe. In chocolate, we delivered our best Easter ever with strong sell-in and sellout for the UK and Germany. Biscuits also delivered strong mid-single-digit growth. OI dollar growth for the quarter was more than 10%, driven by continued volume leverage, pricing and strong cost control as well as favorable commodity ForEx hedges. North America grew 7.7% in Q1, driven by higher pricing in biscuits as well as double-digit gum and candy growth. Volume mix was slightly positive, despite lower service levels related to third-party labor constraints. North America OI increased by 13.6% during the quarter due to higher pricing. We announced an additional mid-single-digit pricing increase in the US that will become effective early May. EMEA grew 8.9% for the quarter with strong volume growth of 6.4%, showing continued strength across much of the region. India grew double digits for the quarter and continues to execute well and reinvest for the future. We continue to extend our leadership position in chocolate, while the growth of our biscuit business continues to outpace larger competitors in the region. China grew high single digits for the quarter, driven by continued share and gains in both biscuits and gum, despite several challenges due to COVID restrictions. Southeast Asia delivered high single-digit growth, with strength in biscuit, chocolate and beverages. EMEA increased OI dollars by 5.8% for the quarter, volume-driven profit was partially offset by commodities and transportation inflation. Latin America grew more than 25% for the quarter, with strong growth across all categories, driven by both strong pricing and volume mix gains. Brazil, Mexico and our Western Andean business unit all posted double-digit increases this quarter. Adjusted OI dollars for Latin America increased more than 30% for the quarter. These increases were driven by broad-based volume growth across core snacking categories, effective pricing through RGM actions and the mix impact of higher gum and candy sales. Moving to EPS. Q1 EPS grew 13.9% at constant currency. This growth was primarily driven by top line-driven operating gains. Turning to free cash flow and capital return on slide 16. We delivered Q1 free cash flow of 1 billion, driven by strong operating results and further improvements in our cash conversion cycle. We also returned $1.3 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Let me make a few comments with respect to the Ukraine. We stopped all business in Ukraine as the war began, including our two plants in the country that produce products for both Ukraine and broader Europe. In total, this represents about $320 million in revenues on a yearly basis. As a result of this business stoppage, we expect asset write-offs and one-time costs of approximately $143 million, which will be excluded from our adjusted results. For the remainder of 2022, we expect about $200 million in revenue headwinds from the loss of revenue in Ukraine as well as losses related to finished goods that our Ukraine plant produce for other countries within Europe, where we do not have supply alternative yet. The lost revenue is expected to translate into $0.03 lower EPS. Now let me provide some color on our revised 2022 outlook on slide 19. We now expect 4% plus top line growth. This factors in the $200 million or roughly one point of negative impact currently anticipated from the Ukraine war in addition to our expectations that we will return to more historical levels of elasticity later this year. We continue to expect pricing to be a larger driver of top line growth, given its impact in Q1 and we are also announcing price increases across a number of markets for the rest of the year tied to inflation. We now expect input cost inflation in the low double-digit range for 2022 versus our prior view of approximately 8%, despite our coverage is approaching 90% for the year. The revise view of inflation reflects the war in the Ukraine and the related step-up in cost pressure to our commodity basket, including energy, wheat, oil and packaging. As I said, we also expect additional pricing in a number of markets connected to this inflation, and these actions could cause an increase in elasticity versus what we are seeing today. As a result, we have planned accordingly. As we gave you guidance for 2022, we had some headroom. So we still feel we have an opportunity to hit high single-digit EPS. But the situation is very volatile. And given these dynamics, we believe it is prudent to call a range of EPS growth between mid-single to high single digit. This also factors in ongoing investment to support our brands and work in media increases that, in some cases, might be increased, given good business momentum to protect versus elasticity driven by incremental price increases. Our outlook also now factors in $0.17 of headwind related to ForEx impact. $0.06 of this amount was included in our first quarter results. With respect to free cash flow, our view is unchanged as we continue to expect another year of 3 billion plus. With that, let's open the line for questions.
Operator:  We'll take our first question from John Baumgartner of Mizuho Securities.
John Baumgartner: Good afternoon. Thanks for the question.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi.
Luca Zaramella: Hi John.
John Baumgartner: Maybe, Dirk, just first starting off, just given the volatility we're seeing globally, wondering if you can offer a bit of the state of the union in terms of any notable call-outs across your geographies and categories?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, I would say if I would phrase in one -- phrase, it's a fast-changing and complex environment that our demand is strong, and our momentum is sustained. If I think about the complex environment, we all know about the geopolitical conflict. There's still some pockets of COVID, particularly in China at the moment, but also Southeast Asia. We are seeing absolutely record inflation. And the supply chain disruption is still there. So probably one of the more difficult periods that I have known in my career from an operational perspective. At the same time, the demand for our product is very strong. And if you look at the quarter, for instance, in chocolate, we grew our revenues by 8.1%, and that was accompanied also by very strong volume growth, which was 5.8%. And then in biscuits, our biggest category, we grew revenue by 6.7% and volume was 2.2%. All regions performed well. They're all growing 5% or more. We continue to invest in our brands. We did not pull back on our investments. So we are going to continue to do that this year because we are in a high pricing environment and we believe we need to keep our supporting our brands. And despite all that, we are delivering very good dollar profit growth. We have double digit -- strong double-digit OI growth, and that was driven by pricing RGM and the volume growth. If I look to emerging markets and developed markets, emerging markets continue to be a very strong growth engine for us, double-digit revenue growth, strong double-digit revenue growth in Q1 and also last year, accompanied by 10% volume growth. We have strength in China, India, Brazil. And as you know, we believe we still have plenty of opportunity in these markets as it relates to distribution and white space. Developed markets are solid, although we still have constraints in our US supply chain, but we see it gradually improving. There was a significant step up in North America. So we had strong growth, a step-up in pricing. We are already going to implement at the beginning of May another round of mid-single digit pricing. And as I said, we're making good progress on supply chain and inventory, but there's still a lot of work to do there. Europe for us was also very good, volume-led growth of 5%. We had record Easter results, which you cannot yet see in our market share result because Easter is later this year, but we know it's a very strong Easter. The consumer in Europe, there's a lot of questions about it, is still solid, fully aware about inflationary pressures and so on, the underlying data show that the consumer is still buying our products very strongly. And then if I summarize it all, I would say, it is a complex environment, but we feel very confident about our future. I think we're in the right categories. We have the right strategy. Our brands are strong. We increased our investment in them every year. We have great people. Our execution is good and we have the right mindset. We will have to work through this near-term inflation, which got worse due to the Ukraine situation and the supply chain headwinds we still have to go through. So we remain focused on what we can control, our pricing, in-store execution and very strong cost discipline. I hope that gives you an idea.
John Baumgartner: Yeah. That's great. Thank you. And just as a follow-up, in terms of the Ricolino acquisition, you touched on it in your remarks a bit, but could you elaborate on the synergy opportunities. And any other elements that attract you to the business that may be less apparent to outsiders? I know Mexico is not a market that's seen a lot of discussion traditionally.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, for us, we consider it as a very high strategic fit for us to become a full snacking player. Mexico is a priority market for us. And our business there is largely in gum and in our meals business. And we are interested in becoming a bigger snacking player in Mexico plus the per capita consumption that we have. Roughly comparing to our other emerging markets, Mexico has potential for us, and we are very interested into the chocolate market also. Our biscuit business is developing, but could use some acceleration. So Ricolino offers us a strong route to market, combined with an already very strong presence in the market, particularly in confectionery and in chocolate. And that helps us to get to our ambition of about 15% to 20% market share in the biscuits and the chocolate market. And starting from their already strong position and combining that with our existing business, the two businesses are about the same size. This will mean for us that we are now 75% a snacking player, which is also very important for us. And what you might not have picked up, but which you can probably expect is that there will be a full integration. So there's a significant opportunity because of that full integration, for revenue and cost synergies, which would be accretive to our growth and margin in Mexico and Latin America. So maybe quickly a bit of the numbers on Ricolino, so about $500 million in net revenue. In the sugar confectionery and chocolate categories, they have about a 15% share in the combined categories, the number one in confection, number four in chocolate. The two categories together are about $3 billion in Mexico, and the growth of those categories are expected to be 7% for the next five years. And Ricolino, we expect because of their iconic local brands, we expect them to be above that, about 8%. You probably will not know any of the brands, but they're very known locally. What -- so we're interested in the categories there's in the brands. But then second, as I already mentioned, the route to market, 2,100 plus DSD routes reaching 440,000 mom-and-pop stores. That triples almost quadruples our route to market in Mexico. And, of course, we have a very strong modern trade presence ourselves where we can help Ricolino become stronger. What we also have to keep in mind is that they have a high-growth US business. They're the leader in confectionary in Hispanic markets in the US. And so we believe that there is an opportunity there to significantly increase that business. 10% of their sales are coming from the US Hispanic market. And as you know, the population in the US, the Hispanic population in the US is growing fast. We're also getting four excellent manufacturing facilities, which will help us produce the necessary products for the growth. So I think that gives you an idea, hopefully.
John Baumgartner: Yeah, that's great. Thanks Luca -- sorry Dirk. And just last one for Luca, if I could. Looking at the guide for 2022, stronger top line despite Ukraine, wider range for EPS. It sounds as though you've embedded a fair amount of uncertainty in the model. I know forecast announced was really tough. But how do we think about the puts and takes and maybe where might the outlook prove conservative in terms of modeling potential downside? Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, John. As I said in the prepared remarks, I think it is fair to say that we feel quite confident about 2022 being another good year, both in terms of top and bottom lines, despite the numerous challenges that are thrown at us. I think we've mentioned how vibrant chocolate and biscuit businesses are. And I think when you look at volume mix and the pricing that is kicking in, that is the testament really of the big investments we have been making over the last few years and the fact that our franchises are very strong. It is undeniable that the geopolitical environment is driving additional costs. And just to give you a reference, inflation is now expected to be double digit versus the high single digits we had originally estimated. And that will result in additional and multiple pricing waves across the board, across all our categories, quite frankly, since energy particularly has repercussions around a vast number of commodity classes. As we price away unprecedented inflation, clearly, the watch out is elasticity. And I want to make sure that you realize that we have planned for historical elasticitys for the remainder part of the year. And so I wanted to be a little bit cautious in our forecast since at this point in time, we are not seeing that level elasticity. And I also want to make sure that we'll realize that by having invested materially in the last three years, our brands are as strong as they have ever been. So we certainly have an opportunity to do better on our revenue guidance. But again, quite frankly, if you slip out the Ukrainian impact, you realize that we are two points ahead of the original guidance on net revenue that we gave you at the beginning of the year. On the profit side, as we guided to high single-digit EPS, we had built into some cushion in our forecast. So we still have an opportunity to meet high single-digit EPS growth. But this situation is tighter than before because of the inflation and the Ukrainian related business losses, and those accounts for around about $0.13 of EPS. This is why we are now giving you a range to accommodate for further headwinds that might come our way. But in case of elasticitys being more benign and more aligned to what we see today. And in the case of cost not worsening materially versus the double-digit inflation that I mentioned, high single-digit EPS is within reach. Obviously, we want to get to high single-digit EPS. And that's why, for instance, we are doubling down on cost initiatives. And there are streams within the company to ensure that on the productivity and cost control side, we do even better than we have been doing in the last few years. And so hopefully, if the situation doesn't worse and the elasticitys are better high single digit would be within reach.
John Baumgartner: Thanks Luca. Thanks Dirk. Very helpful.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you John.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. And I hope that your employees and their families in Ukraine are safe and doing as well as they can under the circumstances. And I would back up what John was getting at, it does feel very low, 4% seems almost punitively low given 1Q strength. And I'm just -- my question, again, just to back up -- or my question would be just to back up what he was suggesting, if your pricing is going to accelerate, and it was almost 5% in the first quarter, and you're guiding to volumes being positive for the year, just mathematically, how do we get to 4%? It just feels like that's almost too low if pricing is going to be above 5% and volume is going to be positive. I just don't quite get how 4% is even in the cards if those two elements of guidance are there. I hope that makes sense.
Luca Zaramella: I mean, from your logic, it really -- it makes sense. The point here though is; A, we have one point of headwind related to the Ukrainian business stoppage. You might imagine that in places like Russian, for instance, there are restrictions, both in terms of importing. And as we mentioned a few times, we have scaled back operations. So volume there is going to be negative as well. And on top of that, as we have multiple pricing waves, as I said, we have planned for higher elasticity than what we are seeing at the moment. If we get better elasticitys and we implement pricing policy as we have done in the last few rounds, there is obviously an opportunity to go higher in terms of revenue. But I wanted to be cautious because, clearly, the situation is quite fluid. You might imagine that in some places, we are getting to price increases that are more than double digit, I would say -- not double digit, but in the 15-plus percent, that's the number we are talking about. And so elasticity remains to be seen at these levels, and I wanted to be cautious.
Ken Goldman: And just to clarify, though, that when you say that elasticity is being baked in at a higher level than today and back-to-normal levels, and you talk about Ukraine and Russia, and I understand there's some uncertainty in there, too. That is all baked into your estimate of volume hopefully being positive for the year, nonetheless, correct?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Yes, it is.
Ken Goldman: Okay. And then just one last quick one for me. As we think about the remaining quarters, are there any considerations we should have, Luca, in mind when modeling each quarter, whether in terms of top line comparisons that may not be obvious, whether hard or easy with the pace of inflation?
Luca Zaramella: Look, the only one thing you have to bear in mind is that last year, in Q3, we had the strike impact in the US, which obviously affected some of the revenue phasing in the US. But besides that, the only one thing that you had to think is about sequential pricing being higher throughout the quarters.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Thanks so much.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you Ken.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks very much. I wanted to dig in a little bit on North America. Organic there was close to 8% in the quarter. And I think consumption or takeaway has been closer to maybe 4% or so. So I guess, given some of the supply chain issues that you're still dealing with, how have you been shipping so far ahead of consumption, and I guess, and also still losing market share in that market? I'm just trying to get a better handle on that.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, Andrew, we do have a number of businesses in North America, our ventures, which are not followed by Nielsen. So if we think about Give & Go, for instance, or even Perfect Bar. They don't have the same coverage as the rest of our business. You will also imagine that, we came out of the strike, and we had subsequent high demand that our inventory levels in the trade were not as high as we would like them to be. So the combination of those two factors give that difference between the 4% and the 8% that you were talking about.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks for that. And then, Luca, maybe if we look at the difference between, let's say, high single-digit constant currency EPS growth in mid to high single digit, if that's how it turns out. Maybe could you just break out the -- I guess, there were three key buckets there. I think you said, $0.03 was due to Russia-Ukraine. It sounded like another maybe dime, if I'm hearing you right, on supply chain. And then what would the cost inflation piece be? Again, just trying to bridge from high single digit to whatever turns out to be potentially somewhere below that? Thank you very much.
Luca Zaramella: It is another $0.10 of cost headwind as we -- as I said in -- to the reply to John, between the Ukrainian business laws and the revenue that came out of the plant last year in the Ukraine and the additional cost pressure driven by the Ukraine war I see another $0.10. And so between the two, it is $0.13 of EPS. Now, as I said, the high single digits, quite frankly, at this point, is predicated on elasticity. The elasticitys are better than what we have baked into the forecast, it will be high single-digit EPS, if elasticitys are more in line with historical levels of one plus, then I think we will have a little bit lower than high single-digit EPS growth.
Andrew Lazar: And the supply chain piece, I didn't know if that was included in the $0.13 because you have those three buckets on that slide?
Luca Zaramella: Yeah, it is all included in there.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. Thanks very much.
Luca Zaramella: Welcome.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks operator, and good afternoon Dirk and Luca.
Luca Zaramella: Hi Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: So a couple of questions, quick ones, I hope. First is just maybe a follow-up to Ken Goldman's question about like phasing through the year. I think on slide 19, there's a comment in there that says you're expecting year-over-year profit dollar growth throughout 2022. So was that meant to be like each quarter? Is there any kind of variability in terms of, I guess, margin or profit growth per quarter? Just trying to understand if there's anything more behind that bullet?
Luca Zaramella: No, don't read too much into that. Obviously, we are expecting OI dollar growth throughout the quarters. We have to see how cost evolves throughout the quarters because as I said, we have baked into the forecast, the current cost levels. We are pretty much well covered for commodities for the remainder of the year. So at this point, I would say, yes, that's the idea, depending, as I said a few times, on elasticity there might be some bumps in the road, but that's the plan at the moment.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then the second one is just, Luca, how do we think about -- or how are you preparing for the potential for maybe like the inavailability of maybe some input costs or other resource -- inputs ingredients or other inputs. I guess, given there's going to be certainly scarcity of wheat, it looks like -- and maybe some other raw materials. Just is that a factor that has that been factored into your forecast? And just is there any risk associated with that as we go through the balance of the year?
Luca Zaramella: The -- that is factored into the plan. I have to say, at this exact moment in time. Clearly, we are facing some shortages, but they have no been a material impact yet to the business. So the plan in terms we have is extra cost will get us the commodities we need. You might have heard about the palm oil issue in Indonesia. That one for us is not a material issue at this point in time. We are clearly monitoring the situation very closely. In terms of wheat, the wheat coming out of the Ukraine is mostly going into the Middle East and North Africa for us. As I said in the last call, the total wheat we procure for the company is $600 million, $700 million. So in the big scheme of things, we believe that in total, wheat is not going to be a material problem in terms of supply. It hasn't been yet, but we have to see how the crop evolves and what can still be sourced out of the Ukraine, particularly for our Middle East and North African business.
Bryan Spillane: And just if I could follow up on that. If we're looking at maybe some of the petrochemical related, like, packaging, especially in Europe, given just all of the disruption in energy there. Is there any risk around just availability of packaging, especially in Europe?
Luca Zaramella: We are facing some issues on specific items, but the issues are not broad-based. Paper and -- particularly in places like Asia, it is under a lot of pressure at this point. But again, in terms of supply, we have some issues here and there, but nothing that racks up to a material number for the company yet. And I hope it stays that that way.
Bryan Spillane: Yeah. So do I. All right. Thanks Luca. Thanks Dirk.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Growe of Stifel.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good evening.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. I just had two questions for you, if I could, please. So the first one, I'm just curious about just to dig a little bit more into the pricing, Europe was an area where I think you've talked before about some pricing coming into place after Easter, like in April. I just want to get a sense of that we should see that pick up in the second quarter. And that has historically been a very difficult area to get pricing. Is that an area where you think your pricing can offset inflation in -- broadly in Europe?
Dirk Van de Put: Yeah. So we've talked about the higher inflationary impact. We took pricing across all our markets in Q1, including Europe. So far, the demand for the category is pretty robust. But it's very likely that we will have to take another price increase in Europe. And in fact, we are going out to the clients right now. That probably is reflected on our forecast, and we're trying to be prudent there because that is not happening a lot in Europe that you have to do a second pricing. And so we will have to see what the reaction is, and we've taken a cautious approach on any potential effects that we could have from that. We do expect that we will be able in Europe and in most of our markets to already be pricing away most of the inflation of this year and then be ready at the beginning of next year to whatever gap exists with the cost picture for 2023 that we will also be able to do that pricing. So, that leads to what Luca was saying, a very significant pricing increases around the world. As we also were saying so far so good, elasticity has been quite low. But we -- the second area where we're trying to be very careful is planning for historical levels. For instance, I believe that at the end -- sorry, at the beginning of 2023, the basket for the US consumer will be up compared to the beginning of 2021 more than 20%. And so we forecast that the elasticity will go back to historical levels. Our categories have historically been very resilient. So, despite this high inflation, despite the high pricing, we know that our categories are pretty good. One of the things we're seeing, for instance, is that this -- the fact that everything is going up, not just food, consumers continue to prioritize grocery spending. It's more on personal items, floating, eating out, travel. Those are the items where they're trying to save. So, that also gives us confidence implement the pricing and continue with the volumes. But again, we're trying to be careful and cautious, and we will have to see how it goes. It's a very volatile environment at the moment.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you for that. And I had just one quick follow-on. Did you give a level of inflation for the first quarter? I think we're looking at double-digit inflation now for the year. Does that pick up then as we go through the remaining quarters, or was the first quarter at that level? I'm just trying to get a sense of the gross margin. Does that get a little more challenging before it gets better before the pricing comes in place, or is that a function of inflation picking up here?
Luca Zaramella: The level of inflation, it is higher in Q1 for obvious reasons because you know that last year, the inflation picked up materially towards the second part of the year. And it caught us a little bit by surprise, the level that we saw in the second part of the year. And obviously, the level of gross margin in Q1 is reflective of three key elements. One, it is the additional pricing. When you look, for instance, at the US business, you clearly see a level of revenue that is 8% with a modest volume mix impact, which means there is 8% pricing kicking in, in there. The second element is the fact that there is good volume growth in Q1 that provides leverage. And the third level is the protection in terms of hedges that we put in place in terms of commodities and ForEx. So, as you think about inflation going down in the remainder part of the year, it will go down year-on-year, but the level is still going to be higher in terms of absolute dollars, and we will have to price accordingly. The volume might not be as high as the 4% that you saw in Q1. And so that will have a play into the gross margin evolution over the quarter. So I think assuming that you're going to see an 80 basis point decline given all the pricing we are about to take might not be necessarily realistic. The goal that we have though is that we want to enter 2023 with the level of pricing at current commodity and ForEx cost that allows us to have a level of -- is more aligned to historical levels.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thats very helpful. Thank you for your time.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you Chris.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Good evening folks. Thanks for slotting me in.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi Jason.
Luca Zaramella: Hi Jason.
Jason English: Hi. I guess a couple of quick questions. First, to follow-up on the next wave of pricing in Europe. Have you approached the trade yet? How is it going? Because I believe this is close to sort of on-charter territory to be pushing through multiple rounds, at least in Continental Europe in the course of one year.
Dirk Van de Put: Yeah, it's just brand new, so I cannot give you any feeling yet of where that stands. I think it's important to realize that within an extraordinary situation and that we will have all the necessary conversations with our trade partners and making sure that it's a win-win for everybody involved. But it's too early to give you an idea of where the negotiations will lead.
Jason English: Got it. Okay. And the DSD route to Mexico that you're acquiring sound really interesting. Can you give us a little more color on what your current route to market is? And whether or not, I assume these are all company-owned, can you confirm that? And how long or should be -- I imagine we should expect, but how long do you think it will take for you to reroute the entire network to be able to get one route to market that you can efficiently maximize the loads of these trucks with?
Luca Zaramella: Okay. So the DSD is an own system. The -- there are some contact points between the current beam of network and the Ricolino. So one of the things we will have to do is to carve out and create a little bit of additional infrastructure on our side, but nothing at this point, I would say that is worrisome. I feel quite good about the reach that Ricolino is going to have with 2,100 DSD route achieving 440,000 moms-and-pops, which is really where when you look at our biscuit business in Mexico, being at 5% share of total market, the opportunity lies. And on the other side, our Mexico sales complement, the strong model trade presence with our some modern trade presence what Ricolino has. And we feel like between revenue and cost synergies, this is going to be a material enhancement to the value of Mondelez. And so we are very, very excited. On top of that, the brands are very strong. And as Dirk said, particularly in the US, we see tremendous opportunities in pushing this brand through what is a cohort that is growing and has tremendous potential.
Jason English: Yeah. Sounds compelling. Thank you. Ill pass it on.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Jason.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good evening.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi.
Luca Zaramella: Hi.
Michael Lavery: Just was curious if you could dissect the volume mix a little bit and maybe help us understand if there's any notable mix shifts to keep in mind as we think about the volumes. Are you seeing down trading? Obviously, the elasticities have held up really well so far. But when you lump those together, we don't get as much a sense of the split. Can you give an idea a little bit of how that breaks out?
Luca Zaramella: Look, in total for the company, the mix component is very, very neutral. It hasn't been a problem. It hasn't been an upside either. And the simple way you have to think about it is North America is one of the most profitable operations that we have. And as we address the question of Andrew Lazar, Dirk said that the new businesses that we acquired are up, while our biscuit business in terms of volume is still below last year. And one of the reasons why that this is, A, we are lapping, clearly, tremendous growth last year in terms of volume. But also, as I look closely to the numbers, the supply-related issues that we have are causing still quite a bit of volume track compared to what it could be otherwise. On the flip side, as you saw, gum is growing very, very healthily as a category gum can be, I think, 27%, and that number obviously is mix accretive. The other one that is mix accretive, it is about world travel retail, which is picking up nicely quarter-after-quarter, albeit it is not still at the level it is not yet at the level before the pandemic. So, these are the three key mix components, North America volume being down because of supply chain issues, gum being up and world travel retail being up all the rest in terms of mix, I would say, fairly neutral in its totality, and these three elements offset each other.
Michael Lavery: Okay, that's great. That's really helpful. And can I just follow-up on the buybacks. You still have a pretty elevated cash balance relative to historical levels. But even with the Ricolino deal, you're still expecting about $2 billion for this year. You've said you'll finance that deal with debt and cash. Is it a good portion of debt, or I guess just with $750 million of buybacks already in Q1, could there potentially be upside to that $2 billion number over the course of the year?
Luca Zaramella: Look, let's stay tuned. The -- at this point, I feel that we have what it takes to be able to fund the $2 billion of buybacks. I'll provide a little bit more color around this at our Investor Day.
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Good evening everyone.
Luca Zaramella: Hey Alexia.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi Alexia.
Alexia Howard: I got a couple of questions. Firstly, on the emerging markets, the biggest pushbacks that I get at the moment is people concerned that as food prices escalate around the world, and the cost of basic food becomes a higher proportion of people's income in a lot of these low-income countries, that could choke off sales of more discretionary items like packaged snack food. How do you respond to that in terms of your confidence of sustained growth in the emerging markets in the face of that dynamic over the next year or so? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Dirk Van de Put : Yes. I think as I was saying before, what we're seeing at the moment, we see that in developed and in emerging markets, the shift that the consumer is making as they are being confronted with inflationary pressure are more into their discretionary spending into eating out, travel and so on. And we see that also in emerging markets where at this moment, there is food inflation, of course, but that we don't see a reduction in the basket of what they're buying. The second thing I would say is that the discretionary part of snacking is, I would argue, that, it's not so discretionary anymore with the modern consumers. Snacking is a big part of what they do. And for instance, in China, as people are going into lockdowns, we see an increase in salt biscuits happening because they considered it as a staple of their diet. And so I wouldn't just assume that snacks are discretionary. There are whole parts of snacking that are part of how consumers eat these days. And then three, I would say we also work very carefully and particularly in places like India or in Brazil, our RGM approach is very developed. They have a whole plan the  year-after-year are absorbing the different inflations that they see. And so the price increase might not be as direct as you would assume for the consumer. So because of those three elements, I think you continue to see very strong performance in our emerging markets. We  at this stage, we see no effect whatsoever of the price increases. And in fact, as I was saying, the volume increase has been 10%. So obviously, you can never say never, but so far so good.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. And then just finally, any quick preview comments about the Investor Day next month. I know, you've just mentioned that there might be something around the share buybacks, but is there anything else that we should be expecting? And thank you very much for the question. I look forward to seeing you next month.
Shep Dunlap: Sure. Alexia, this is Shep. A few things, I mean, look, I think this is more evolutionary in terms of the strategy and what you're going to hear, certainly going to get a deep dive especially with respect to biscuit and chocolate. And then you're going to hit a little bit more about capital allocation just in general in terms of how we're thinking about that. As well, I would expect to hear from some other folks on the team just in terms of our efforts around marketing, what we're doing with the sales organization and supply chain. So hopefully, we'll cover all bases. But to give you an idea, just in terms of where our heads are at as we look to accelerate going forward and give you some proof points to leverage off.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. See you in a few weeks time.
Dirk Van de Put: Well, thank you, everybody. Thanks for your presence here. Obviously, looking forward to see all of you during our Investor Day on 10th of May, and see you then.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: This does conclude today's Mondelez Corporation Q1 2022 Earnings Call. You may now disconnect, and everyone, have a great day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Mondelez International Fourth Quarter 2021 Year-End Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about 1 hour, including remarks by the Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session. . I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website.  During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K, Q and 8-K filings for more details on our forward-looking statements.  As we discuss our results today, unless noted as reported, we'll be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures, which adjust for certain items included in our GAAP results. In addition, we provide our year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis, unless otherwise noted. We're also presenting revenue growth on a 2-year CAGR basis to provide better comparability given the impact of COVID on 2020 results. You can find the comparable GAAP measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation.  In today's call, Dirk will provide a business and strategy update, then Luca will take you through our financial results and outlook. We will close with Q&A.  Before turning it over to Dirk, I would like to remind you of 2 upcoming investor events. First, we will present virtually on February 22 at CAGNY, focusing on our AMEA region; and second, please save the date for a Mondelez Investor Day on May 10.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Shep, and thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. I am starting off at Slide 4. 2021 marked another year of strong top and bottom line results. Growth was driven equally by volume and pricing as we leverage the strength of our brands and execution capabilities. We continued to deliver on our long-term growth algorithm, returning nearly $4 billion in capital to shareholders while investing in our growth initiatives, positioning us well to deliver strong performance in 2022 and beyond.  The COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact both consumer behavior and the broader operating environment. Against this backdrop, over the past 2 years, consumers continue to choose our trusted and beloved brands for both comfort and sustenance at home and on the go. We have delivered on this strong underlying demand across our brands and geographies with continued strength in execution, activation and innovation. As a result, our cumulative market share remains higher than pre-COVID levels.  At the same time, we are continuing to operate in a dynamic environment characterized by global input cost inflation alongside supply chain, labor and transportation disruption. We are effectively mitigating these challenges through ongoing cost discipline and strategic pricing actions. We also continue to execute well against our strategic growth priorities, investing in our brands, capabilities and sustainability initiatives while expanding our portfolio with the addition of several growth accretive acquisitions, Hu, Grenade, Gourmet Food and Chipita, which closed earlier this month. These additions increased our exposure to broader snacking categories and growing profit pools.  Along with our financial performance, we made progress in other areas. We continue to advance our ESG goals, setting ambitious new targets for achieving net zero by 2050, and we continue to accelerate our DEI agenda. And none of this would be possible without our people, the best in the CPG industry. We're proud of the way our teams continue to focus on delivering great products to our consumers as pandemic conditions continue to impact both our work lives and our personal lives. I am especially grateful to our frontline teams whose hard work and dedication delights families all over the world. We are confident that the strength of our brands, our proven strategy and our continued investments position us well to achieve our long-term financial targets in 2022 and beyond.  Let's take a closer look at the market and macro trends on Slide 5. With the recent rise of the Omicron variant, the rebound in mobility that we saw earlier in 2021 has slowed down in both developed and emerging markets and is expected to remain 10% to 15% below pre-COVID levels in many markets. Time at home and eating at home look likely to remain elevated. In the U.S., for example, 60% of adults are not expecting to eat out more in 2022 than they did in 2021. This positions our core biscuits and chocolate portfolios well as they are skewed towards in-home consumption.  The pandemic continues to fuel the desire for comfort and indulgence, benefiting our categories and trusted brands. And overall, as we found in our state of snacking survey released last week, the tendency for daily snacking is up for a third consecutive year. And although 70% of global consumers report concerns about inflation, it has done little to date to change their grocery shopping behavior. This is consistent with the observed price elasticity, which has been much lower than historical levels as well as a continued share weakness for private label.  Let me spend a moment on the current operating environment on Slide 6. Like other companies, we are experiencing cost inflation globally, particularly on transportation costs, dairy, edible oils and packaging. We have implemented material price increases, ensures we are significantly hedged across key commodities and we are continuing to drive productivity measures. We also continue to manage through significant volatility in the supply chain due to labor shortages at third-parties as well as a continuing gap between demand and supply of trucking capacity in containers in places like U.S. and the U.K.  In addition, the U.S. strike in Q3, although resolved, impacted our production output and inventory levels in the quarter. Additionally, COVID-19 continues to cause disruption in consumer mobility in certain geographies, impacting our gum business and on-the-go products. This currently affects a small portion of emerging markets. Additionally, the rise of the Omicron variant is driving high levels of absenteeism in certain markets while limiting recovery mobility. We are focused on reactivating part of our COVID playbook from the early pandemic days and also looking to further simplify our operations to offset this pressure. And although challenging, we are managing effectively through each of these dynamics.  We implement our revenue growth management levers and continue to invest in our brands while taking extensive measures to lighten the supply chain disruption. By applying the lessons learned from earlier waves of the pandemic and maintaining our focus on execution, we are confident that we remain well positioned to deliver our growth targets.  Turning to Slide 7, you can see that our strategy is continuing to drive a virtuous cycle. Strong volume momentum, combined with brand investments and strategic pricing options, position us well to consistently deliver profitable top and bottom line growth as well as strong return of capital to our shareholders. We grew revenue by 5.2% in 2021, lapping 3.7% growth in 2020. Volume was once again a big contributor to this growth, which demonstrates the fundamental strength and health of our business.  Despite the ongoing impact of cost inflation and supply chain volatility, we delivered gross profit growth of 3.6%. Our working media investments have increased double digit versus last year on the back of a double-digit increase in 2020. Combined with our advantaged portfolio of brands and our execution activation capabilities, we gained or held share across 75% of our revenue on a 2-year cumulative basis. We increased operating income by 5.8% and delivered $3.2 billion in free cash flow. We view these results as a healthy indicator of our ability to continue to deliver on our long-term growth algorithm.  As you can see on Slide 8, we are now averaging a 4.2% quarterly growth rate since the launch of our strategy in September 2018. We're proud of our strong and consistent track record over this time. As we continue to focus on profit dollar growth, local first commercial execution, high return investments and aligned incentives, we are confident that we can continue to consistently deliver attractive growth.  On Slide 9, you can see some highlights of our successful execution against our long-term growth drivers. These include delivering our strongest Christmas sales on record in Europe, growing double digit versus 2020 and 2019, led by Cadbury in U.K. and Milka in Germany. It also includes continuing to expand distribution in emerging markets, adding 300,000 stores in China and more than 200,000 stores in India. It includes investing to sustain growth in digital commerce, which grew 29% on a reported basis, lapping 75% growth in 2020.  Digital commerce now accounts for approximately 6% of revenue, up from 3% in 2019. And it also includes expanding our presence in high-growth segments where we are underrepresented, including well-being where we launched breakthrough innovations on key brands like Oreo Zero Sugar in China as well as Cadbury Plant Bar and plant-based Philadelphia in the U.K. As consumer demand for well-being options rises, each of these innovations has a clear potential to expand to additional geographies.  We also grew our presence in the premium biscuit space with double-digit growth led by Tate's, which we successfully transitioned to direct store delivery. Additionally, we expanded our presence in close-in adjacencies, such as baked snacks with the successful integration of Give & Go. By realizing revenue and cost synergies, we grew that business double digit in 2021. We also expanded our presence in snack bars with the acquisition of Grenade in the U.K.  Switching to Slide 10. We continue to further enhance and strengthen our portfolio in 2021, expanding our exposure to the growing profit pools in chocolate and biscuits as well as adjacent categories and the well-being and premium segments. We acquired 4 high-growth strategic assets: Chipita baked snacks in Europe, which just closed in January; Grenade well-being snack bars in the U.K.; Gourmet Food premium crackers in Australia; and Hu premium well-being snacks in the U.S. These acquisitions are worth $800 million in annual revenue, and they are well positioned to collectively deliver high single-digit growth for years to come. This takes our total number of acquisitions to 7 since 2018 and contributing over $1.5 billion of revenue.  We also earned $1.5 billion in net proceeds from selling down on our beverage assets in 2021, enabling further investment in our brands and growth drivers. Additionally, we are in the process of completing a strategic review of our developed market gum business. We expect to complete that review and have more information to share with you at our May 10 Investor Day.  2021 was a strong year, and we are well positioned for another year of strong shareholder returns in 2022 and beyond. By staying close to our consumers, executing our proven strategy and taking the appropriate actions to navigate input cost inflation and supply chain volatility, I am confident that we can deliver strong performance for years to come.  With that, I will hand over to Luca for more details on our financials.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk, and good afternoon. Our full year and fourth quarter performance was strong in terms of revenue growth, volume, earnings and free cash flow. We delivered revenue growth for the year and quarter of 5.2% and 5.4%, respectively. Importantly, half of this performance was underpinned by volume.  Emerging markets increased 12% for the year and 11% for the quarter with strong performance across significant majority of countries, especially the BRICS. Despite a small group of countries, specifically in Southeast Asia continuing to face COVID-related challenges, overall, we are encouraged about the outlook for our EMs in the near and long term.  Developed markets grew 1.6% for the year, coming off an exceptional 2020 and 2.5% for the quarter off a strong comparison. As with our emerging markets, we are encouraged by the sustained performance, particularly in our key core snacks categories.  On Slide 13, you can see our portfolio performance. Chocolate and biscuits remain attractive and durable categories with very strong results both pre-pandemic, during the pandemic and, importantly, as we enter 2022. In addition, improved mobility has yielded growth in Gum & Candy versus 2020, approaching a return to pre-pandemic levels in many markets and back to growth versus 2019 in China.  Biscuits grew 3% for the year and 3.2% for the quarter. EMs were the big driver of performance, with majority of our AMEA and LA business delivering double-digit or high single-digit growth. This underscores the large long-term opportunity for our EM biscuit businesses as we continue to make investments in A&C portfolio growth and distribution expansion. Both global and local jewels brand, including Oreo, Chips Ahoy!, Barni and Club Social delivered strong growth. Chocolate grew more than 10% for the year and 8% for the quarter, with significant growth across both developed and emerging markets through both our global and local brands. Chocolate is a great category to be and, as in biscuits, we continue to make investments in our brands and capabilities to continue to drive its performance for the years to come. Gum & Candy posted 7% growth for the year and more than 11% growth for the quarter as increased mobility resulted in a return to growth in several key markets, especially within Latin America.  Now let's review our market share performance on Slide 14. We continue to see good share performance on a 2-year cumulative basis as we prioritize A&C investments and execute well in most markets. We held or gained share in approximately 75% of our revenue base on a 2-year stack. Our biscuits and chocolate categories continue to do well, with 80% of our revenue base holding or gaining share. Overall, share gains versus 2019 were broad-based, with all regions growing share over a 2-year period.  A few of the more notable areas of share gains over this time include China, Russia, India, Brazil and Mexico biscuit; U.K., Russia and Australian chocolate; and China gum. As we move into Q1, we expect softer share performance driven by our North American segment as the combination of supply chain constraints from third-parties and labor shortages will pressure stocks and service levels.  While the immediate effect of the strike is behind us, we have entered 2022 with low stocks, and we are working to rebuild inventory levels, which takes time in this environment, particularly as demand continues to be strong. We expect a gradual improvement of the situation as the year progresses.  Now turning to Page 15. For the year, we delivered strong OI dollar growth of almost 6% driven by solid gross profit dollar increases and reduced overheads. For the quarter, profitability was pressured primarily due to the lag between commodities and ForEx-related inflation and implementation of pricing actions, specifically in North America where price increases became effective at the beginning of January.  Turning to regional performance on Slide 16. Europe grew 5% for the year and 6.5% for the quarter supported by strong execution and activation and continued recovery in the convenience away from home and travel retail channels. Our Q4 results were driven by some growth across major markets, including the U.K., Germany and Russia, underpinned by solid share gains. In chocolate, we delivered record results for the Christmas season, growing double digit against both 2020 and 2019. Biscuits and meals categories also delivered good results, while dollar growth for the year was high single digits driven by continued volume leverage, cost control and strong overhead management. Looking ahead in this region, we expect muted profitability in Q1, with improvement beginning in the second quarter as price increases in a number of countries take effect.  North America declined by 0.6% for the year and 0.3% for Q4, lapping very strong high single-digit growth in the previous year. This performance includes healthy growth from our ventures portfolio. Softening in the quarter and second half were also driven by supply chain constraints and low inventory levels due to the strike and third-party labor constraints. North America OI declined minus 10.4% for the year and minus 20% for the quarter due to inflationary pressure and supply chain constraints. As mentioned earlier, we expect sequential improvement as pricing actions go into effect in Q1.  AMEA grew 7.3% for the year and 5.8% for the quarter, showing continued strength across most of the region. India grew double digits for the year and continues to execute well as we invest for the future. We continue to extend our leadership position in chocolate, while the growth of our biscuit business continues to outpace larger competitors in the region. China grew low double digit for the year and high single digits for the quarter driven by continued share gains in both biscuits and gum. Australia and New Zealand also did well with solid performances in the year and in the quarter in chocolate and biscuits. AMEA increased OI dollars by more than 13% for the year due to strong volume leverage, productivity and overhead management while also increasing Working Media by double digits. Q4 growth was more muted due to commodity inflation. As in other regions, pricing actions to RGM are being implemented as of Q1.  Latin America turned in strong growth for the year of 20.4% and 19.7% for the quarter with overall share gains for 2021. Brazil delivered strong double-digit growth for the year and quarter. Mexico grew high single digits for both the year and the quarter and our Western Andean business grew high single digits for the year and mid-teens for the quarter. Adjusted OI dollars in Latin America increased high double digits for the year and more than 40% for the quarter. These increases were driven by broad-based growth across core snacking categories, effective pricing and the volume and mix impact of higher Gum & Candy. Inflationary pressure remains challenging, but we believe both RGM and volume growth will enable us to largely offset this dynamic in 2022.  Moving to EPS. Full year EPS grew 9% at constant currency. This growth was primarily driven by top line-driven operating gains.  Turning to free cash flow and capital return on Slide 18. We delivered full year free cash flow of $3.2 billion, which included $300 million higher tax payments year-over-year, some related to our coffee JVs, IPOs and sell-downs. We continue to feel confident about our free cash flow trajectory as we move forward. And for the year, we returned $3.9 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases.  Now let me provide some color on our 2022 outlook on Slide 20. We expect to deliver against our long-term growth algorithm that we see as a performance floor, particularly as revenue grows. As you are hearing across all sectors, we anticipate another year of material cost inflation which, in percentage terms, is expected to increase high single digits versus 2021. As such, pricing will be a larger top line contributor than in the previous years, but we do expect volume growth to also be a positive factor.  In this regard, a few more points. Our superior portfolio of brands and the consistent investments we have made and will continue to make in Working Media, marketing and sales, route-to-market and RGM capabilities position us well for sustained growth and profitability in this higher inflation environment. We believe we can continue being an effective driver of category value and volume growth, specifically in biscuits and chocolate. Our focus is not changing as we aim at growing profit dollars and dollar growth underpins our sustainable algorithm, cash flow and capital return. We had a history of cost excellence, which we expect to remain the case for 2022 and going forward. Our algorithm continues to be predicated on brand building and capabilities in sales and marketing also in 2022.  All included, for the year, we expect mid-single-digit to high dollar growth and high single-digit EPS growth. Earnings phasing will reflect the current inflationary environment and the sequential introduction of pricing. We expect improved year-over-year gross profit dollar growth as pricing is fully realized and as we implement additional RGM strategies. But we do still expect some pressure in Q1 and partially in Q2. For Q1 specifically, we still expect to face larger supply chain headwinds in North America related to third-party partners and low inventory from last year's strike that should improve as the year progresses. With respect to free cash flow, we expect another year of $3 billion plus. In this outlook, we also expect an ETR in the low to mid-20s based on what we know today, interest expense of approximately $325 million and share repurchases of approximately $2 billion.  With that, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: . And we will take our first question from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman: There's been some discussion lately in the media about emerging markets potentially slowing down a bit as 2022 progresses. I think no one really knows for sure what will happen. But I'm just curious, it seems like things are fine for you now. But as you look ahead to your major regions or major countries, is there anything that you are particularly worried about, anything that you look at and say, "Oh, this could get a little worse as we go?" Or is it just sort of, "Hey, we're planning on steady as she goes?" And I'm just curious what's baked into your guidance potentially for a little bit of not demand destruction but a little bit of a worse sort of consumer around the world, perhaps?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, thanks, Ken. First of all, I would say that around the world, but also in emerging markets, today and for the last 3 years, our core categories have been doing quite well. Chocolate and biscuits have been growing very strongly and, in fact, better than they were before the pandemic. There's a number of factors at work with the consumers that are boosting the consumption and higher snacking. So we see very robust demand. And if I go to our key emerging markets, the BRIC countries, we see that in those 4 countries also very, very clearly.  As it relates to investments and support for our brands, we are also continuing to do that in emerging markets. If anything, that's where we increased the most. And I think that from a pricing perspective, we have been dealing with pricing in emerging markets over the years, and we know that we have to hit certain price points, and we're very careful with that. Having said that, we have already started to increase prices. In fact, the effects that you see in Q4, any price effects there, are largely coming from our emerging markets. We've increased prices in most emerging markets around the world. And as you can see, results have been very good. So we also have that very low elasticity that we are also seeing in the rest of the world. So everything is sort of aiming in the right direction. We feel that at this stage, there is no signs that it's slowing down in emerging markets. Obviously, in our projections of our algorithm, we have not taken the same height of performance that we've seen this year in our emerging markets. We've taken that a little bit more conservatively.  So based on those two, seeing what we're seeing and the experience that we have and, I believe, us doing all the right things as it relates to pricing, investments, gaining distribution, which is another big driver in emerging markets for us, and the fact that we feel that we have been relatively realistic in what we forecast for emerging markets, we feel pretty good. We think that emerging markets will deliver for us in 2022.
Kenneth Goldman: Great. That's clear. And then a quick follow-up, if I can. Luca, you touched on this a bit. But is it reasonable, just given your comments about the phasing of pricing and maybe the timing of inflation too, to think about the flow of your years maybe being a little bit more back-half loaded and perhaps a little bit more challenged in the front half? And if that's true, are there any specific timing issues we should consider other than pricing and inflation just as we model ahead?
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Ken. It is mostly pricing and inflation phasing that will drive the gross profit, specifically as a line in the P&L progression throughout the year. Obviously, you saw the number being pressured in Q4. But as you look closely on the segment profitability data that we disclosed, you see that the Q4 GP pressure came mostly from North America where we have just announced pricing. And so you will see a sequential progression that is positive in the gross profit line as of Q1, but the most of the benefit to hit our guidance is going to come in the second part of the year.  And as I said, there are 2 elements there. One is pricing implementation, and there might be multiple pricing waves. The second one is the fact that, particularly in Europe, pricing will come into effect as of Q2 and in other places as well. And third, it is the fact that inflation, given the favorable commodity pipeline that we had in 2021 in Q1, commodity pressure is most acute in the first half of the year. But you will see a better trend in GP dollar as of Q1 and sequentially, it will improve over the quarters.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Luca, maybe just following up on Ken's questioning, just a couple of sort of bridging from '21 to '22 questions, if you will. If we look, first, have we quantified or can you quantify just how much the acquisitions contribute to earnings growth in '22 versus '21, adjusted EPS growth?
Luca Zaramella: Look, the Chipita acquisition is a material acquisition, obviously, in terms of size but also the number of countries it spans across. And it will be fully integrated, but it will take a little bit of time. I will say that, without giving you specific numbers, there is a moderate positive impact on EPS next year, but you will see the full benefit of the revenue and cost synergies as of Q4 and, potentially and obviously, in 2023. So it will be a modest contribution all in all considered.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And just more of a contribution in '23 versus '22.
Luca Zaramella: Absolutely. I think you're going to see the full benefit, and I think you will be pleased in 2023.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then if we look at below the operating profit line, in 2021, in the bridge that you laid out in Slide 17, including share repurchases, the below the operating profit line items contributed about $0.09 of earnings in '21. And I guess just looking at the guidance, it just seems like interest expense, the tax rate could both be a bit of a headwind. So can you just sort of give us -- should we expect that there would be some earnings contribution below the operating profit line? And if so, I guess, would it be mainly share repurchases? Just trying to square how much benefit we get below the operating profit line.
Luca Zaramella: Interest costs will be up around about $20 million, $25 million. So it is $0.01 of EPS headwind. Tax rates will be a little bit higher, but not much, and so I would say a slight headwind. Obviously, I can't comment very much on the joint ventures as those are publicly traded vehicle. But the biggest benefit is going to be most likely around share repurchases. In terms of the JVs, I will refer back to what was said about KDP profit guidance for 2022. And I think that's the stance we have taken for that.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Perhaps Luca, could you just comment first on what your outlook or expectation would be in terms of gross margin change year-over-year for the full year? And I guess, to the extent you see some full year gross margin compression, more would need then to come from SG&A leverage to get to your sort of mid-single-digit constant currency EBIT target. So in that case, what would be those SG&A drivers that you would have to lean more heavily on this year potentially, given what your answer on the gross margin is?
Luca Zaramella: Sure. I think you know that we try to move away from gross margin percentages. And I think that has served us well. So talking about gross profit dollars, 2022 is no exception to what we have said consistently throughout the years. We aim at getting at 4-plus percent on that specific line of the P&L. And as I said, I think you're going to see year-over-year GP dollar growth as of Q1 but will be most pronounced in the second part of the year.  I think, again, as you dissect the numbers, you clearly see that the pressure in Q4 on the GP line, which was slightly positive, comes mostly from North America. And what you have to believe for the GP line to improve, as the biggest change that has to happen, it is pricing going into effect in North America. The first indication is that, a, price was accepted by the retailers; and b, we see our prices going up in the marketplace. So I feel cautiously positive about that, which is clearly the biggest driver of GP progression over the quarters.  In terms of SG&A, we will continue investing in advertising. Obviously, we will be very sensible because there are situations, specifically in North America, where we don't have enough stock. And so we are calibrating exactly where we want to spend. But as Dirk said, in emerging markets, we will continue pushing and we will continue pushing in the other regions too. The point here is the last thing we want to do as we implement pricing is cutting back on A&C investment.  As far as overheads and productivities, we will continue the great job that we have done over the last few years and particularly in the last couple of years. Excluding the acquisitions, our overlying pure cost SG&A is down both in 2020 and in 2021, and my goal is to keep that line down year-over-year. Productivity obviously is going to be good for the year as we look at it, but I'll be commenting more as we publish Q1 about all these specific lines.
Andrew Lazar: And then Mondelez is guiding to positive volume growth for the full year despite some supply chain challenges and limited shipments in Q1 maybe in the U.S. and Europe and, obviously, the higher pricing. So I guess what sort of elasticity relationship is Mondelez underwriting for the year?
Luca Zaramella: Look, we have been a little bit conservative on elasticity. As Dirk said, elasticity is low at this point in time based on what we see across the board, but we are planning for historical levels. So that's the type of elasticity we have planned. And I think you know the number in general, it is onetime elasticity, give or take, but I expect to do better than that.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: I guess one of the surprises in the results is that North America shipments were weak. And all of us look at Nielsen retail data, and it looks really, really strong. So what's happening at retail? Is that just strong consumer takeaway and the inventories are getting depleted? Should we expect that retail consumption to then weaken in the first quarter as a result of running out of inventory? Maybe help us bridge why it looks so good from a consumption data? And then I had a quick follow-up.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Demand remains very robust. But the growth that you see is -- or of our growth that you see is impacted by supply chain constraints and phasing of some of the price actions. And so in between those is our inventory, of course. And if you look at North America, we grew or we were flat for the year, let's say. But for a 2-year CAGR, we're at 4%, which is still quite strong. If you look at the last quarters, we had the strike in Q3, which left us with low inventory levels. And although improving, it's going slower than you would normally expect because of all the supply chain disruption that everybody is experiencing. And so we think that we will still continue to see on shelf effects from the strike throughout Q1. We also work more with external manufacturing than our colleagues. And those external manufacturers are facing labor challenges. And we expect also that we will continue to see some pressures in that area, at least for Q1.  And then the biggest difference probably is that we announced price increases for January 1, so they were not yet reflected in Q4, but you will start to see that as we report Q1. And we continue to work on our broader RGM capabilities. So as you look at Nielsen, you start to see at the moment the effect of those price increases, that's why our Nielsen starts to look better. But if you look at the Nielsen that we saw from last year, that's where you could see the effect of our supply issues. So as we look at Q1, we expect the top line in North America to improve. The margins will also improve, but it's going to be sequentially. As I said, pricing has been executed across U.S., Canada and our ventures. We are continuing to simplify our portfolio, and we are also taking actions to increase capacity, work, more temporary labor and so on, so that we sort of ease the pressure on our supply chain. We are continuing to invest in our brands. As Luca said, we will be careful to invest in those brands where we have good supply. But with the price increases, we are determined that we will have to continue to support our brands. And as you will see as these initiatives take effect in '22, the top and the bottom line growth will start to come back for North America. Maybe a last remark, the bottom line will be sequential because, if you look at it year-over-year, Q1 was a very good year last year. So you will still see some year-over-year pressure. And we have that lower inventory issue that I was referring to. But overall, you will see a very good improvement over the coming quarters.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Well, my follow-up, you've been providing us with market share trends on a 2-year basis. But are you going to continue that in 2022? Because I think people will start to judge you more on a year-over-year basis. How will you represent your market share trends?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. No, we are going to go back to year-over-year. We thought it was useful with the pandemic because there was a number of effects, last year and also this year, exceptional effects that influenced the market share. And so we thought it was better to keep on comparing market share compared to pre-pandemic. Now that the pandemic is not behind us but improving, we feel that we can go back to normal market share. For instance, if you look at 2021, you have the U.S. strike in there, which affects, of course, our market share. But I think it's important to look at how the U.S. has been performing versus what it was before the pandemic and then excluding the strike. In Canada, this year, we were out of a listing with one of the most important customers there for quite a while, which also, of course, affected our market share. But we are back into that client, so the market share is going to come back. And then we had also exceptional effects in the U.K. chocolate last year where one of our competitors had a major supply chain effect, which then benefited us this year that supply chain is back up and running. So as a consequence, we'll give back some of that market share. And then we had one of our plants in France, which was affected last year, and we were not able to supply the market, so that had an effect for us too.  So there's all these -- and last year, I'm not going into the details about our competitors, but last year, we had big wins because our supply chain performed better than our competitors, I would say. So the main thing for us was to show the accumulated over the 2 years. And over the 2 years, we see a very solid increase versus what it was before the pandemic. And going forward, we will start to compare year-over-year, unless there is exceptional effects, which we can then inform you about.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher Growe: I just had a question for you. First, I think, a question for Luca. In relation to your hedging, there was a comment that you're about 70% hedged for the year. I do want to get a sense if that would be considered normal or above or below where you normally would be at this time of the year. And then just to understand, because you're quite hedged in 2021 as well, the degree to which some of these unhedged costs, freight or packaging, things that you can't hedge, are those like a lingering risk to 2022? Or do you have a better read on those costs for the coming year?
Luca Zaramella: Thank you for the question. It's a very good one. 70% is pretty much in line with what we had in last year. It is higher than what it has been historically. And over time, what we have done is we have moved the needle up in terms of going longer because, obviously, that gives us the opportunity at the low levels to buy more. And so we have the opportunity to sit back and wait until the situation evolves. And mostly, of these hedges, are 2 options, and they are not straightforward covered. So we still have flexibility, should one of these commodities go over. And I think that's a great advantage. So I don't feel particularly worried about the remaining 30% at this point. But there are parts where there might still be pressure. What we see these days is a little bit more pressure coming out of dairy. And potentially, we will have to consider additional pricing for that in some places where we sell dairy-based products. And we also see some pressure in packaging and some ingredients. Now the assumption we have, at this point in time for the second part of the year, is inflation for those that is in line to what we have seen and what we are seeing these days. There could be potentially more. I don't expect a material number at this point in time, but we got a little bit surprised on these unhedgeable commodities and exposures in the second part of last year. So we are very vigilant. And if in case they go up, we will have to price and we will do so.
Christopher Growe: Okay. Just one other question in relation to what have been some really strong market share trends, and that's the culmination of a lot of work and marketing and new products and your categories doing so well also. I guess I'm just curious, as you think about your pricing strategy for the coming years, it's but one example, just the degree to which you think there's maybe a little risk to your market share. Are you taking pricing that largely reflects what your competitors are doing and inflation in that market and, therefore, there shouldn't be a whole lot of movement in share? Just trying to get a sense given how strong it's been, if that could be a bit of a watch point.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, our pricing is largely driven by what we think is acceptable to the consumer. We don't know what our competitors are planning until they do it. And so we try to price in line with what we think our consumers are prepared to pay for our brands. And that is different between emerging markets and developed markets. So in developed markets where you're largely talking about supermarkets and there's a whole bunch of pricing effects, you have a little bit more liberty. In emerging markets, we need to hit certain price points. So we do a lot of work on RGM price pack architecture and so on. So we expect that we will be very sensible. We're working very hard on RGM and better understanding what is possible for pricing for our brands, what is acceptable to the consumer. As you know, many years ago, we've had a few episodes where we probably went a little bit overboard on pricing. So we will step a little bit more careful as it relates to pricing. As I was explaining, in Q4, we've been pricing in emerging markets. And so far, that is working really well for us. And so it seems to be that our methodology is working. We'll see what happens in the U.S. and in Europe. But at this stage, it feels pretty solid, and we don't expect that there will be any major issues. Going forward, second half and into '23, we will see what the inflationary pressure is going to be, but I can assure you that we will step very carefully and make sure that we continue to see volume growth for our brands.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Palmer with Evercore ISI.
David Palmer: Great. A question on pricing, we can see some clear pricing that you're taking in developed markets here into '22. With the positive volume guidance, I don't want to get too carried away about the incremental pricing, are you thinking that there might be some moderation in pricing from emerging markets in '22 versus '21? Or should that be very similar?
Luca Zaramella: Very similar is the straight answer, David. There are pockets where we don't see the level of inflation that we have for the totality of the company. But in general terms, particularly around ForEx, there are places where there is a little bit more inflation. And so given all the puts and takes, pricing-wise, you're going to see a level of pricing in emerging markets that is in the same ballpark of 2021, a little bit higher. As a reminder, we implemented, I believe, 2 price waves in places like Russia in 2021. We implemented, I believe, 3 price waves in Brazil. And I can go on and on and talk about Mexico, Southeast Asia, Manaf in South Africa, where we have implemented multiple rounds in 2021 as well.
David Palmer: Great. And just thinking about your contribution to growth in '22 versus '21, you mentioned how, in the last couple of years, perhaps you've gotten some points of distribution gains, particularly in developed markets from smaller brands that may not have had access or might have had more issues with supply chain, even though you gave some of that back in '21. I wonder if you suspect you'll have some tough comparisons in developed markets against smaller brands this year. But then I think about the ability for you to have new product news this year and then the acquired businesses that you've had, they could possibly get into greater distribution. So I'm trying to think about how you're thinking about the puts and takes of what seems to be some headwinds and some tailwinds going into this year.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So I would say, first of all, on the smaller brands, that effect is certainly continuing in Q4, and they continue to do well. To the extent that if we have some supply issues, it is sometimes in those smaller brands, because they keep on selling at the higher levels we had during the pandemic, that sometimes give us some capacity pressure. So we are trying to do whatever we can to deal with those capacity issues, of course. But we are, at the moment, assuming that gradually they will give back a little bit, but we do still think that those brands will keep some of that momentum that we started to see during the pandemic.  And you are right, our global brands have performed really well this year. This was a year where our global brands outgrew our local brands. Last year, in '20, it was the local brands who outgrew the global brands. The reason is because Oreo, Milka and Cadbury, our top 3 brands, continued to be high single digit to double digit. And then you have the recovery of a brand like Toblerone, which is largely sold in world travel retail; or Trident, the gum, which is, of course, sold on the go. And they were heavily disrupted in 2020. The local brands, as I was saying, still are doing quite well. They are in the mid-single-digit growth range. And we don't necessarily see that slowing down going into next year.  And then there is the additional effect from the acquisitions. Of course, Chipita, you will not see that in our top line until the acquisition is done for 12 months. So you won't see an effect from that one. But you will see a good year for Give & Go this coming year. We are expecting. And also a brand like Perfect Snacks, which is a snack bar, which is also largely consumed on the go, that was affected by the pandemic, we're also expecting that to see a good growth. Tate's, we have moved on to DSD, saw very solid, very strong high double-digit growth there this year, which we think will continue into next year. So yes, there is an additional effect. Also important to mention is that the price increase has covered all the brands in the U.S., the global brands, the local brands and the venture brands.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: A couple of questions. It looks from everything we see like inflation, well, particularly owners in the U.S., is maybe kind of close to peaking. But it sounds like it's still building in markets like Europe and elsewhere. Can you walk us around the world real quick and tell us what you're seeing in terms of cadence, the level of pace, magnitude of inflation?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Sure. I'll take a stab at it. I will start by saying that the inflation is really the highest in the U.S. And look, it might be at the highest point in the U.S. right now, I don't necessarily see it going down in the second part of the year. So I want to make that point first. In terms of inflation, look, majority of the commodities we procure, they are global commodities. And so the inflationary pressure is pretty much the same around the world. Logistics costs is on the rise everywhere around the world, not to the level that we see in the U.S. And then there are packaging-related costs and ingredients that are pretty much consistent across the world. In terms of inflation, where it is mostly acute these days, it is in places where we have seen currencies weakening versus the dollar. It is in places like Russia. It is in places like Brazil. But overall, if you look around the world, in terms of inflationary pressure, I would say there are, yes, somewhere some peaks. But overall, it is fairly even, I would say. There are certain commodities that are more impacted than others. Cocoa, for instance, is a little bit more benign in 2022 than it has been in 2021. And so places where we have a material chocolate business, like in Europe, are going to see, in terms of inflation, a little bit less. But I just mentioned Dairy in one of the previous questions, and there might be further pressures coming up. So hopefully, I gave you a little bit of color on how we see costs evolving by region and by countries a bit.
Jason English: Yes. No, that's super helpful. And just to come back to North America, obviously, it's unfortunate the persistent problems you're seeing in North America. I guess my question is -- they seem to be surprising you. If we look at the Nielsen data, kind of back to Rob Moskow's question, demand is there. And it looks like you're actually inducing demand because the promotional levels remain elevated. They're growing year-on-year. So it looks like you got a sales force, on one side of your organization, pushing demand and you've got a supply chain on the other side saying, "Wait, we can't fill demand," and there seems to be this disconnect between the 2 organizations. So 2 questions. One, is it fair? And two, what's wrong to cause that disconnect, if so?
Dirk Van de Put: I would say that, for sure, in the beginning of the inflation or the supply chain disruption, which we started to see in August, September of '21, there was clearly a disconnect because our sales teams saw high demand and the supply chain suddenly started to realize that transportation was difficult and that there was a number of other issues that were going on, a little bit of capacity and so on, labor shortages in our third-parties. And so yes, it took us probably a few months before we realized we need to reset here. Since then, the teams have been working quite closely, trying to link up whatever demand generation that we have with the supply capacity that we have. And so I'm expecting that in the coming months, we see that starting to work a lot better for us. So I would say it's fair, but we've gotten under that now, and we've solved the problem. And so going forward, we should be okay. Not sure if there was a second part to the question. That was it, I believe?
Jason English: Well, yes, no, that's good. We've covered it all. We're connecting again later. So I'll follow up later, too.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Rob Dickerson with Jefferies.
Robert Dickerson: Great. Just have one question, just with respect to the top line, kind of circling back to all the commentary so far through Q&A. I know previously, it sounds like you were looking for, let's call it, maybe 6% to 7% pricing this year. That's implemented early part of January, North America. And then to David Palmer's question, it sounds like pricing in most EMs would kind of remain at a similar level relative to 2021 while, at the same time, there should be some improved pricing, it sounds like, coming through in Europe. So if I square all that, is it fair to say that maybe pricing for the year would -- it sounds like it's at least 3%. Maybe it could be a little bit higher. Because I'm obviously just trying to get to some gauge as to what's a rational, kind of organic growth forecast for the year, just kind of outside of just your traditional 3%-plus kind of long-term guidance. That's all.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you for the question. We are usually not giving the breakdown of pricing and volume, and we try to move away to keep some sort of flexibility. But what I would tell you is that, as I said in the prepared remarks, I see the 3%-plus has a plus in it as a floor. And at this point in time, we really want to see how Q1 plays out with some price increases and Omicron before we commit to a higher number. But hopefully, we see Q1 coming in, in line with our internal expectations, and we will be in a position to raise the guidance on top line potentially after we see Q1 and we have Q1 under the belt. Hopefully, that's answering some of your questions.
Robert Dickerson: Yes, fair enough. I guess I'll try another one. Just in terms of the cash balance, you're kind of ending '21 with a decent amount of cash. Leverage looks to be now a bit sub-3x, and it sounds like gum business is still under a strategic review. So kind of outside of the $2 billion potential in share repo, how are you thinking about just kind of general capital allocation in terms of M&A? Like, do you feel as if, as you get through '21, it's about stabilizing and tucking in Chipita and working on distribution opportunities with acquisitions already done? Or are you still pushing forward in terms of health and wellness premium, et cetera? That's all.
Luca Zaramella: Look, the cash position at the end and the net debt position at the end of 2021 is obviously fairly good because we have done quite a bit of work all around. And I'm very happy with leverage being at 2.7x. Having said that, in January, we have just got a $2 billion check almost for Chipita. So bear that in mind. In terms of capital structure, we will continue generating cash flow, and I was very happy with the quality of the cash that came in into 2021. So I feel the first element, which is foundation of our capital structure, is there. And then clearly, at this point in time, if we had an acquisition that is similar to Give & Go or Chipita, et cetera, we will still be able to fund it. We obviously have our coffee stakes. And we have all it takes, including potentially switching off share buybacks to be able to phase an acquisition of the level that Give & Go and Chipita had been.
Operator: And in the interest of time, I will now turn the program back to Dirk Van de Put for any closing remarks.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you. Well, in closing, we feel good about our 2021 performance across our key metrics, of course, including the top line growth. We see good volume, profitability was good and the cash generation was excellent. I want to reiterate that we are especially proud of our people, I believe the very best in the CPG industry. And by continuing to stay close to our consumers, we are confident that we have a bright future ahead. We remain focused on our consumer-centric growth strategy, that will not change. We will continue to improve our execution, and we will continue to invest and increasing our investment in our brands, in our talent and our capabilities.  As I look ahead towards '22, we expect continued pockets of volatility related to COVID or the inflation or the supply chain challenges. We continue to risk-adjust our plans to ensure that we can successfully navigate these periodic disruptions and deliver on our targets. So we enter 2022 with a good momentum in our categories and the vast majority of our geographies. Our global and local brands, as I explained, are on solid footing with strong levels of investment. We continue to augment the portfolio with growth accretive snacking assets, and we are excited about the opportunities to advance multi-category strength in our key markets. We are going to continue to expand distribution in emerging markets, and we're going to further accelerate close-in adjacencies and our high-growth segments. So I thank you for your time and for your investment and see you at the end of Q1.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: And this does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Mondelez International Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session.  I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. With me today, are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO, and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements about the Company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements of risk factors contained in our 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K filings for more details on our forward-looking statements.  As we discuss our results today, unless noted as reported, we'll be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures, which adjusts for certain items included in our GAAP result. In addition, we provide our year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis, unless otherwise noted. We're also presenting revenue growth on a two-year CAGR basis to provide better comparability, given the impact of COVID on 2020 results. You can find the comparable GAAP measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. In today's call, Dirk will provide a business and strategy update, then Luca will take you through our financial results and outlook. We will close with Q&A. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van De Put : Thanks, Jeff. And thanks to everyone for joining the call today. Q3 marked another quarter of high quality top-line growth for our business. These result was marked by a continuation of the solid volume growth that we are used to, as well as higher contribution from pricing as we successfully executed pricing actions in multiple markets in light of the inflationary environments. Demand for our categories remains very strong across both developed and emerging markets, and within those categories, our market share remains higher than pre COVID as a result of strength in execution, activation, and innovation. As you know, like the rest of the industry, we are currently operating in a very dynamic environment that poses multiple challenges.  These include input cost inflation globally, as well as labor and truck shortages in markets like U.S. and the UK. We are taking the appropriate actions to navigate these, including further rounds of pricing and cost control. You will hear more on this in a moment from both myself and Luca later in the call. Despite the current operating environment, we remain focused on and confident in our long-term strategy of delivering accelerated growth through a virtuous, top-line driven cycle, which requires continuous investment in our brands and our capabilities. Let me turn to Slide 5 and the consumer.  During Q3, consumer confidence stabilized in general with a notable call-out of improved confidence in Western Europe, India, and much of Latin America as consumers are now more optimistic about job prospects and personal finances in those geographies. Mobility continues to rise, which provides a boost to gum and candy, as well as the travel retail channel, but both are expected to remain below pre-COVID levels at least through 2022. Ongoing uncertainty is fueling the desire for comfort and indulgence, which has been a consistent trend throughout COVID, and of course this is benefiting trusted brand like ours. All of this means that our core categories are growing faster than they were pre-COVID, and that our portfolio, which skews towards in-home consumption is benefiting.  Demand is strong in developed markets, but especially so in emerging markets. Not withstanding a few smaller markets like Vietnam, which are suffering from continued COVID lockdowns. On top of all this, we have gained share during the COVID period. The elevated demand for our categories is contributing to price elasticity below historical levels. Consumers are willing to pay more for essentials or affordable treats as they spent less on eating and drinking outside the home. Let me spend a moment on the current operating environment on Slide 6.  Like other companies, we are experiencing cost inflation globally, particularly on transportation cost and packaging, which are most pronounced in U.S. Costs have moved higher in the second half of the year relative to the first half, and we expect inflation to persist in 2022. There is also an element of volatility in the supply chain due to labor shortages at third-parties, combined with a significant gap between demand and supply of trucking capacity and containers in places like U.S. and the UK. In addition, there are energy shortages in China as demand has outstripped the supply of electricity in many areas. And as you might be aware, we also had a strike at 3 of our plants and 3 distribution centers in the U.S. The strike is now resolved, but impacted our production output in the quarter.  The good news is that the new contracts give us flexibility and unlock additional capacity to support our growth ambition. COVID-19 continues to cause disruption in certain geographies. This was felt most acutely in Q3 in Southeast Asia and resulted in a temporary closure of our factory in Vietnam, for example. Although challenging, we are managing through all these dynamics. We believe we are well equipped to continue to deliver against our objectives, given the strength of our brands, our continued investments, pricing as necessary, and our focus on execution. Turning to slide 7, you can see that our strategy is continuing to drive a virtuous cycle.  And the results support our ability to consistently deliver profitable, volume driven growth, pricing as needed and return of capital to our shareholders. We grew revenue by 5.5% in the quarter and 5%, sorry, 5.1% year-to-date, a lapping 3.9% growth in the first 3 quarters of 2020. Gross profit growth was impacted by cost inflation and supply chain volatility in Q3, but continues to be well over 4% year-to-date, which we consider to be a very healthy indicator of our ability to deliver the high single-digit adjusted EPS growth that is part of our 2021 outlook and our long-term financial algorithm. Our year-to -- year-to-date working media investments have increased double-digit versus last year.  And combined with our advantage portfolio of brands and our execution and activation capabilities, mean that on a 2-year cumulative basis, we are gaining or holding share across 75% of our revenue year-to-date. And in terms of cash generation and capital return, we increased our year-to-date free cash flow by approximately $400 million versus last year. And we returned $3.1 billion of capital to shareholders. Adding the Q3 revenue growth to our track record of performance since launching our strategy in late 2018, you can see on slide 8 that we are now averaging a 4.1% quarterly growth rate.  And we believe we can consistently grow in line or in excess of our long-term algorithm of 3% plus based on the long runway of growth opportunities we show on Slide 9. And the advantage to enablers, we have to realize them. These enablers include, for instance, increased brand investment, higher quality and purpose-led marketing, and pricing when necessary. This quarter, we continued to make progress against our key growth drivers. These include continuing on our journey to grow Oreo by $1 billion by the end of 2023, with activations like Oreo Pokemon, which became our fastest selling addition of all-time in the U.S., surpassing the previous records set by Game of Thrones and Lady Gaga Oreos.  This also includes expanding our presence in key channels like digital commerce, which grew 25% this quarter on a reported basis, lapping 80% of growth in the previous year. And also emerging markets where we continue to gain distribution in places like China and India with another 120,000 and 80,000 stores added this quarters. And finally, this includes increasing our exposures to high growth segments, where we are underrepresented. For example, well being, where we announced breakthrough innovation this quarter on our largest brands with the Cadbury Plant Bar in the UK, which is suitable for vegans, and our Oreo Zero sugar in China, which has the clear potential to expand to other geographies.  Turning to Slide 10, let me update you on our sustainability journey. Climate change is a critical issue facing our planet and we must do our part to help. We also know that if we want to deliver consistent long-term growth and shareholder returns, we must be a sustainable snacking Company. For those reasons, we recently announced that we will take the necessary actions that we believe will allow us to achieve net-zero emissions by 2050. This is a major target that applies to all greenhouse gas emissions across scopes 1, 2, and 3.  This target also sees us join the United Nation's race to 0 campaign, as well as the science-based targets initiative business ambition for 1.5 degrees where we are strengthening our position from our previous commitment of well below 2 degrees. We plan to deliver net 0 by focusing on the highest contributors to our carbon footprint. In our case, that our raw materials which contribute 71% of our emissions. We will amplify our existing programs like Tolko life and harmony wheat in Support of this. And we will focus on leveraging emerging low carbon technology at our owned operations.  Alongside working towards net-zero emissions, we will continue to advance all other pillars of our ESG agenda, including sustainable ingredient sourcing, diversity, equity, and inclusion, and net-zero packaging. We are excited to continue our journey to build a sustainable snacking Company. With our proven strategy, our preferred brands, our executional excellence, our compounding investments, and our enhanced ESG agenda, I'm confident that we are well-positioned to deliver strong performance for years to come. With that, I will hand over to Luca for more details on our financials.
Luca Zaramella : Thank you, Dirk, and good afternoon. Our third quarter performance was strong across the board. We delivered top-line trends, good operating profit dollar goal, including significant branding investment and excellent free cash flow. Revenue grew 5.5% underpinned by solid volume growth and pricing that we have been implementing to counter unprecedented cost inflation. Emerging markets continued with accelerated growth, displaying the resilience of our categories and strong execution. They grew more than 12% for the quarter, and nearly 9% on a 2-year basis. Our emerging markets results include double-digit growth in Brazil, Mexico, and India, as well as high single-digit growth in China, Russia, and Africa. These markets are attractive growth engines for us. As consumer purchasing power continues to grow, as we feel, white spaces, as we pursue distribution expansion and that's consumers trade up.  We continue to invest behind them in a big way. For the quarter developed markets growth remains solid at 2% with a 2 year average growth of 3%. Demand and consumption trends are robust in these markets. Albeit, supply chain restrictions limited our growth, specifically North America. Turning to Slide 13 and portfolio performance. Biscuits grew 2.7% and more than 5% on a two-year average. Brazil, Russia, and Mexico posted double-digit growth, while India and China grew mid-single-digits. Oreo continues to be a standout performer.  Chocolate grew more than 11% with a two year average of more than 8%. India, Brazil, and France grew double-digits. The UK grew high single-digits, and Russia grew mid-single-digits. Cadbury, Milka and Lacta all delivered robust volume-led growth for the quarter. Gum and candy posted double-digit growth, resulting from a continued improvement in mobility. Moving to market share performance on slide 14. We continue to see good share performance. On a 2 year community basis we have held or gained share in 75% of the business. These skits and chocolate heads or gain in 80% of our revenue base.  Notable share gainers on a 2-year basis include the U.S., China, Russia, and Brazil B scaled, and U.K., Australia, Russia, and South Africa Chocolate. Gum and candy has shown gaining in 30% of our revenue base, primarily due to gum performance in China, Russia, and France. Although still below pre-COVID level, this category continues to improve with mobility trends. Moving to page 15, Gross profit dollars grew 2% for the quarter, reflecting the acute impact of elevated inflation in commodities, as well as transportation and labor costs in North America. While all other regions still face some inflation, they all display GP dollars growth in line with our expectations.  In the short-term, we have adopted our promo and trade deal spending to the elevated cost environment. But as we expect these dynamics to persist into 2022, we have also taken and announced price increases across a significant number of markets. Of note, we announced a new round of pricing last month in the U.S., which will go into effect at the start of next year. Although cost pressures are not as high as in the U.S. we also have a robust pricing agenda for other markets too. We have implemented pricing in Brazil, Mexico, Russia, and Southeast Asia, in addition to other business units. Our goal remains to enter 2022 with improved dollar profitability levels from these actions to support the virtuous cycle which funds continues investment.  Operating income dollars increased 4.5% due to strong overhead management and simplification initiatives. We continue to invest in A&C, which was up almost double-digit in the quarter. On a year-to-date basis, gross margin has increased nearly 5% while operating income dollars that's grown by more than 8%. A&C has increased double-digits. Moving to regional results on Slide 16. Europe revenue grew 4.6% in the quarter and 4% on a two-year basis, while dollars grew 5 -- 4.5% versus last year, reflecting a strong virtual cycle. North America grew 0.3% on top of 6.3% growth last year, resulting in a 2-year average growth of 3.3%. Operating income declined 9.7% in the quarter. Overall, North America results were negatively impacted by service level constraints in the U.S. as transportations and labor shortages have impacted both cost and .  These constraints are primarily impacting our external manufacturing and third-party logistics partners. We expect profit dollar growth to improve in conjunction with recently announced price increases across much of our U.S. portfolio that go into effect as of January 1st next year. For the quarter, the impact of the six-week U.S. strike was mitigated by a business continuity plan, which included increasing inventory levels ahead of it. Nevertheless, there will be an impact in Q4, which I will discuss in our outlook. AMEA posted growth of 5.72% and a 2-year average of 4.9% with broad-based strength apart from Southeast Asia where COVID -related restrictions did impact our Q3. India delivered double-digit growth in the quarter and China delivered high single-digit growth.  AMEA operating income dollars grew nearly 8% while continuing to make sizable working media and route to market investments. Latin America grew 26% in Q3 and 14% on a 2-year average. Brazil and Mexico both grew double-digits while dollars in Latin America grew double-digits over prior year due to pricing and volume growth. Now, turning to EPS on Slide 17. Q3 EPS increased 9.4% at constant currency, driven primarily by operating gains, with year-to-date EPS increase of nearly 9%. Moving to cash flow and capital return on Slide 18. We delivered free cash flow of $700 million in the third quarter, bringing us to $2.1 billion on a year-to-date basis.  We also repurchased approximately $1.8 billion in shares in the first three quarters at attractive prices. I wanted to spend a quick moment on some of the significant improvements in our best facture financing costs and pension costs on Slide 19. Since 2014, interest expense has been reduced by approximately 60% despite an increase in total borrowings with a current average rate of 1.7%. At the same time, we have extended our maturity from 7.7 years to 9.6 years. Similarly pension funding has improved significantly in the recent years to 99% driving material reductions in pension contribution requirements and costs.  And in September, we issued our first , which was the largest to-date in the GPG sector, enabling us to cost effectively fund our sustainability initiatives around focal packaging and now our net 0 carbon target. Let me spend a moment on slide 21 regarding the current  and supply chain environment and our actions. The supply chain environment remains a challenge for us, like many others with higher cost inflation, as well as labor shortages at the 3rd-parties and train transportation capacity. We have a well-established  to mitigate the impact of inflation rate and supply chain pressures over time.  These include successful implementation of price increases as part of our RGM strategy, supported by the strength of our brand. We're also continuing in our journey of portfolio simplification to identify additional SKU reduction opportunities and to improve service levels and overall efficiency. In terms of our manufacturing network, we are taking actions to free up capacity with more flexibility in some of our plants and logistics networks. We also continue to execute our hedging programs of key commodities, which we believe have been effective, as you can tell by looking at our realized and unrealized mark-to-market gains this year.  Overall, we are confident that these initiatives will allow us to offset the majority of the pressures we are currently seeing and will drive long-term profit dollar growth, albeit with some lumpiness given the cadence of pricing and input cost increase. Moving to our outlook on Slide 22. We expect most of the trends that we have experienced in Q3 to extend into Q4, including robust demand for our categories and brands in both developed and emerging markets, continued transportation and labor inflation and supply chain pressure in our North American region, increased focus on Revenue Growth Management activities across a wider span of businesses, high level of investment in our people, friends, markets and capabilities.  Based on our strong results year-to-date, continued categories resilience, and solid demand trends, we are raising our full-year revenue growth outlook to approximately 4.5%. This implies Q4 growth of 3% or nearly 4.5% on a two-year taker and assumes approximately a 1 point of top-line headwind from the impact of the continued transportation and logistic constraints and the recent strikes in the U.S. As the market conditions remain fluid, this outlook does not reflect a material worsening from current environment. In terms of EPS, we continue to expect high single-digit growth for the full year despite the initial pressure from commodities and transportation and labor dynamics in North America.  We also expect free cash flow generation of $3 billion plus. Forex translation is now expected to positively impact our reported revenue by 2% points, and EPS by $0.09 from the year based on current market rates. One note related to our simplified to grow restructuring plan. We have extended the program by 1 year as we're still left with about $100 million of available funds that we plan to spend on high return supply chain and overheads related projects. The overall amount of the restructuring program is unchanged.  So this does not change anything else in our outlook for this next year. Our updated outlook is based on current conditions and does not factor on material degradation in the operating environment that would be triggered by a significant worsening of COVID or supply chain restrictions. To wrap up, we are encouraged by the trajectory of demand for our brands and categories across our geographies. We are confident in our growth strategy and our ability to continue to execute against it going forward. This means balance and consistent top and bottom line growth, continued reinvestment in our business, disciplined cost management, and strong free cash flow generation. With that, let's open it up for Q&A.
Operator:  We'll take a question from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thanks very much. 2 for me. First, Dirk, if you could talk a little bit more about key trends you're seeing in both emerging and developed markets, and really the key consumer dynamics there, and then Luca maybe if you could give us a bit more rationale behind the implied deceleration in 4Q organic sales growth and then touch on preliminary expectations for 2022, the top and bottom line. Thanks so much.
Dirk Van De Put : Thank you, Andrew. I'll start and then I can hand it over to Luca. Well, if I look first at emerging markets, they continue to be a major growth engine for us. In Q3, they grew double-digit. Year-to-date, they're growing double-digit, they're high single-digit on a 2-year CAGR, so very strong volume growth, good pricing. And linking that to the consumer, I think what we're seeing is that the consumer confidence is improving in markets like India, big parts of Latin America, they are seeing the vaccine roll out, they're seeing life going back to normal. They feel better about their personal finances and that is reflected in their consumption. At the same time, they still spent more time at home, which benefits our categories.  Particularly the bric k countries are very strong with a very strong double-digit growth in India and Brazil, and high single-digit growth in China and Russia. The execution there in those 4 countries as we've entered this quarter. But at the same time looking at Africa, Poland, Pakistan, Mexico, they're all growing well. The only places in the emerging markets where we see some disruption is in some smaller markets, particularly Southeast Asia, where the COVID cases were quiet severe and there was serious restrictions. We talked about our plant in Vietnam being closed for 3 weeks, and so that has had an effect on Q3 but hopefully that will be temporary.  From developed markets, what I would say, demand is strong but it's a challenging operating environment, particularly in the U.S. So we had big consumption spikes in 2020, particularly in the U.S. But so far we are up 2% in revenue in Q3 and just over 1% year-to-date lapping a very strong last year. But if you look at a two-year CAGR, it's over 3%. That is well above where we were in 2019, where we were growing about 2% in developed markets. And we see the consumer behavior where the consumer on average is spending 15% more time at home than before the pandemic; that is clearly benefiting our categories and our portfolio. Looking particularly or specifically at North America, it's growing well on a two-year CAGR -- almost 4%, but declining slightly year-to-date versus last year.  But again, 2020 was a extremely strong year for North America. The demand remains very robust in biscuits, but the servil -- service challenges in the second half, due to pressures on the logistic capacity, third-party labor and the strike, which is now resolved, had an impact in Q3 and will continue to have an impact in Q4. Europe, we're seeing a very solid quarter, very solid year-to-date, the demand for our core categories is robust. We've got a very strong year-to-date revenue growth for the UK, for Germany, the Nordics. and mass retail, which is lapping strong growth last year is still very good.  And then of course we're benefiting from the recovery in convenience and travel retail as the consumer is regaining mobility. Maybe the other thing that I would say that we are in an inflationary environment. We've been increasing prices and we plan to increase the prices more than we've done, at least in the time that I'm here and probably for quite a while as a Company. For what is good is that the elasticity levels are below historic levels and almost nothing to speak of. So that is helping the overall performance. Maybe over to you, Luca.
Luca Zaramella : Thank you, Dirk and hi Andrew. I'll start with revenue guidance. And as far as revenue goals, I would simply say the business is fundamentally in a good place. You might have seen in the pages that we presented that Chocolate and Biscuit categories are vibrant. On a two-year stock, our share gains are very good. And you might also have noticed that pricing contribution is increasing as you would expect given the cost pressures we are facing. But also that volume is holding up quite well. We can also say that virtually all international businesses are positioned very well for both Q4 and 2022. However, in North America, obviously the 6-week strike predominantly, but also the volatility that Dirk mentioned, is putting some pressure on our supply chain, and that will impact the Q4 performance, in a context where the market is steadily positive and demand is quite good.  So we estimate that mostly because of the strike impact in Q4, that there will be a 1 point of revenue pressure for the whole of Mondelez. So to sum it up, Q4 is still going to be a good quarter, I believe in terms of revenue when considering that there is the one-time strike impact. And at this point, we feel quite good about top line and its momentum into 2022. From a profitability standpoint, we also feel good about the full-year profit outlook. In the end I think you know, that year-to-date GP dollar is up by 5%, EBIT by 8% and all in a context where we are increasing A&C double-digits with over at flat. And I feel comfortable with our EPS high-single-digit guidance for 2021.  Having said that, I have to recognize that there is some GP pressure in Q3 and that will persist into Q4 and partly into 2022. The pressure is due to commodity transportation costs and compounded, quite frankly, by some industry-wide supply chain constraints. North America is driving most of the pressure in the GP line in the quarter, and it is, in fact, the only region that declined GP dollars versus last year with the other regions all above or close to our goal of 4% GP growth year-on-year. We are taking the appropriate actions to counter those cost spikes. We have recently announced a 6% to 7% price list increase in the U.S, which will take effect in 2022, January.  We have also announced pricing in Q4 in Brazil, Mexico, Russia, Southeast Asia, Africa, and across Western Europe. We are leveraging RGM as we said many times, also going after productivity and general cost measures. So we expect sequential improvement versus previous years in the following quarters as more pricing kicks in. So at this point, we believe that our 2022 EBITDA growth will be solid through volume mix pricing, obviously productivity, and we're still contemplating meaningful A&C increases at this point. So 2022 from an EBITDA standpoint should be on algorithm based on what we know today.  because obviously Q1 will be a little bit more pressure and we will provide more clear and comprehensive guidance in the next earnings cycle for 2022.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Luca Zaramella : Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Our next question is from Nick Modi of RBC Capital Markets.
Filippo Falorni: Hey, good afternoon, guys. This is Filippo Falorni on for Nick.
Luca Zaramella : Hi Filippo.
Filippo Falorni: Hi, I just want to go back to your long-term guidance on organic sales growth of 3% plus, you've shown a slide that since the implementation of your new strategy, you've clearly delivered a 4% organic range pretty consistently and on average, for several quarters now, and you just raised guidance for this year. So I was just wondering in your confidence of delivering a 4% consistently going forward and potentially raising your long-term organic sales growth outlook going forward?
Luca Zaramella : Yes. Maybe I'll start and obviously the  here. Looking the end, we see the long-term algorithm as a baseline. Our categories -- if you look at historical levels, they have been growing at 3 plus percent, and that clearly is a good place to start from. We plan to gain share. So we should be always above the 3% mark and that's really what drives this baseline. In the end, we are more focused on actuals than long-term algorithms. And by executing well, obviously, we aim at being closer to a number that is with 4 than with 3.  And so that's really the rationale behind the long-term algorithm. If there are some catalyst, namely some portfolio changes and more acquisitions, I think that will be the good opportunity for us to revisit the algorithm and declare formally that we aim at something higher than 3% plus. But I think you're right, in the end, the track record we have speaks for itself. We have been steadily delivering higher growth and we plan to do so also going forward.
Filippo Falorni: Got it. Thank you very much, that's helpful. And then a quick follow-up. Your market share performance has been very strong in recent quarters and over the last couple of years, some of your global brands like Oreo have done extremely well. Can you just talk a bit about your local brands and how they've been doing recently and over the last year or so?
Dirk Van De Put : Yes. So historically, our global brands have been growing faster than local jewels, but we have been accelerating the growth of our local jewels and largely through renovations and activations. 2020 was different. There our local jewels grew faster than our global brands because a number of our global brands were impact ed by COVID -related changes in consumer behavior. So Toblerone, for instance, because of travel retail decline, Hall's because it was very limited cough and cold season.  And then Trident because the gum category was impacted by reduced mobility. If you then look at 2021 -- year-to-date 2021, global brands are now growing faster again than local . But both are growing very strongly. Both are in the mid single-digit group. And w'are very happy with where our local brands are at this moment, from flat to declining a few years ago, they're now, as I said, mid-single-digit. We continued to step up brand investments year-over-year and we're going to continue to activate more local jewels over time. So we think we've found the ideal balance, and we continue to continue -- to keep on going as we are.
Filippo Falorni: Great. Thanks, guys. I'll pass it on.
Dirk Van De Put : Okay.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Your line is open. And Mr. Goldman, you may want to check your mute switch, your line is open. We'll move next to the site of Brian Spillane. Your line is open. Of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane : Hi, thank you, Operator. Good afternoon, everyone.
Luca Zaramella : Hi, Brian.
Bryan Spillane : So just two quick ones for me. 1. Just a follow-up on the commentary for 4Q, Luca. Just kind of listening to some of the puts and takes on the gross profit line. Are gross margins in the fourth quarter going to be somewhat similar to what we saw in 3Q or do you expect a further deterioration?
Luca Zaramella : Versus last year, they should be a little bit better. We should have a little bit less pressure. Remember, we are in some emerging markets specifically implementing additional pricing, which went into effect in July, August. And so it should be sequentially better when compared to last year.
Bryan Spillane : Year-over-year, but what about just sequentially? I think it was 38.3% in the third quarter. So is fourth quarter going to be in that neighborhood?
Luca Zaramella : Yes, it would be around that neighborhood a little bit lower, most likely on a pure number.
Bryan Spillane : Okay. And then Dirk, just your perspective on the incremental rounds of pricing that you're taking to offset inflation. And I guess how it'll be different this time. I think if we go back prior to your coming to Mondelez, one of the issues was that there was quite a bit of pricing taken over time to protect or build margins. And it definitely had an impact on volume on demand, it's a big part of what you came in to --to address and change and time you've been at Mondelez so maybe you could just kind of talk about how you've thought about that dynamic this time around and how it will be different, maybe the way your approaching pricing or just what's different about the ability to have some pricing power this time versus the last time Mondelez really tried to lean into pricing to protect or build margin?
Dirk Van De Put : Yes. I mean, as a principal, what we're trying to do is the mixture between volume growth, pricing, and mix, needs to offset the inflation, that's how we think about it. And then on top of that, we have a whole productivity program, which we use to increase our margins. It's different from the past in the sense that we are not as aggressive on pricing, we're not trying to build extra margin because of pricing, we're trying through the mixture of those three things, maintain it as it is. And then the extra comes from the productivity programs. The other big difference versus the past is that we continue to increase year-over-year our investment in our brands.  First of all, our overall A&C pot, but then also how much we are shifting within A&C into working media. So the worst you can do, I think is increase prices and not increase your support for your brands. So we've been supporting our brands now every year more and more. Our media pressure has significantly increased versus 3, 4 years ago. We can see that the brand health is increasing. So I think our brands are now more susceptible to pricing and the consumer should accept it better. Those are the two big differences, Bryan, versus what it was a few years ago.
Bryan Spillane : All right. Thanks. Thanks, Dirk. Thanks, Luca.
Luca Zaramella : Thank you, Bryan.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Growe of Stifel.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella : Hi, Chris.
Dirk Van De Put : Hi, Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. I just had a question. First, as we think about a planning assumption for next year as you have some strong pricing going into place, especially in the U.S., do you model as such that the elasticities remain very favorable or do you expect elasticities to be more like their historical average, and then, if you -- it's better than that, that represents upside to your outlook, because that -- I'm just curious how you think about that with what you're seeing with the consumer today?
Dirk Van De Put : Yes. At the moment, what we are modeling is the historical elasticity. We have to take into account also that -- and we know that the current elasticity we're seeing is better. so that would potentially be an upside for us. We also are using what we call RGM, Revenue Growth Management, which is a mixture of different techniques if I can call it like that, and it's not always a straightforward price increase. If I look at the consumer, I think the main thing that's at work here, is that consumer confidence is stabilizing, mobility is on the rise. They have an ongoing desire for comfort, so they want to snack and they're spending more time at home.  All that gives a very strong demand for our categories. Our categories are growing more like 4% around the world versus a 3% that we usually plan for. And so the -- I think that is leading to consumers to almost have no elasticity at the moment. And we hope, or we think that that will remain quite a while. And so I think we don't want to do that in our planning for next year, but we do believe that there might be better elasticity than what we planning for at the moment.
Chris Growe: Okay.And I have one other question in relation to North America, just understand if you had any more detail on and if you gave this forgive me if I missed it, but around costs around the strike. I know you talked about maybe some hit to revenue in the fourth quarter, and then I would contend that you shipped a little below consumption this quarter. Just to understand the effect on the business that we saw this quarter in Q3 from the strike overall, and that's all I had. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella : Yes. Maybe --
Dirk Van De Put : Yep.
Luca Zaramella : May --
Dirk Van De Put : Go ahead. Okay.
Luca Zaramella : Maybe I'll take that. So on the strike from a top-line standpoint, as we said in Q3, the impact is fairly new. There was virtually no impact as we enter the quarter with actively high trade stock, given the elevated consumption, we have depleted that stop. And so there is an impact in Q4, but we quantify together with some other supply chain related issues at one point of revenue for Q4. From a cost standpoint, we have mitigated the cost impact, obviously all the puts and takes are slightly negative, but they are not meaningful on the top P&L profile for Q4. Clearly, some demand pressure -- some supply pressure will put a little bit of a cost strain on the value chain, and we will have a little bit of under-absorption kicking - in in the P&L in Q4, but that's as far as it goes, no material I would say, overall at this point.
Chris Growe: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alexia Howard of Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Good evening, everyone.
Luca Zaramella : Hi Alexia.
Dirk Van De Put : Hi Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi there. So I have 2 questions. The first one is on pricing. It sounded as though you're getting the pricing in North America in early January and yet you've been able to take pricing in a number of other regions earlier than that. I'm just wondering if there's something structural or procedural in North America that makes it harder, or lengthier, longer to take pricing here and just what -- if you have observations on that. And then my follow-up question is really around the net zero commitments.  I remember a few months ago, I think that was a lesser than to make that commitment that some of the other companies I have made. Did something changed? Did you get better visibility into how you might achieve that goal or is it more about things are changing out in the world after and therefore, you've got to make that commitment and see where it takes you.Thank you.
Luca Zaramella : 
Dirk Van De Put : You think pricing out taking at 0 Luca?
Luca Zaramella : Yes, let's partner here, Dirk. So I -- the simple answer is we had a lot being particularly on promotional activities. Also giving obviously some internal dynamics to our Company which we discussed. We had luck being at promotional windows and promotional activities well before Q2 and that bound us with our customers to certain promo windows and certain promo activities. And we thought that rather than disrupting even further the supply chain, our preference was really to go for a full 100% price increase as of January 1st.  So there might be a couple of quarters of -- at these location. But I think, all-in-all considering all the effects that we had internal and external, it was better for us to go in effect with pricing as of Q1 next year. Obviously, we will be extremely nimble here. We still don't know to what extent logistics costs will spike during the Christmas season and the holiday season in the U.S. So if we see continuous cost pressure, at this point, we cannot rule out additional pricing waves, and at that point, it will be more simultaneous to what we see than it has been this last time.
Dirk Van De Put : Okay. On this zero, the --the thinking was that we wanted to make sure that we have worked as much detail as we potentially could. And so we were a little bit represent in the past few years to declare anything until the team has done their homework. And so they've been working quite hard, we've gone quite deep. I'm being told that it's probably one of the deepest exercises in trying to understand how do you really get there. And so we were really wondering. Hey, will we get there? Can we make a plan that began realistically believe in that it's doable. And then we wanted to know the different details step-by-step, but it means. So if I summarize it a little bit, it's obviously a very significant announcement for us.  It's really an acceleration and an extension of our existing initiative. Applies to all our greenhouse grasses and the full supply chain, so scope 1, 2, and 3. And with this, we are joining the UN race to 0 and the SVTI business ambition for 1.5 degree Celsius. If you look at our footprint, 71% of our footprint is coming from ingredients. And so the 3 big areas to work on is those ingredients, it's our own operations and it's our logistics. And if you think about it, in ingredients, that means that we need to continue and increase our investment in cocoa life. That's one of the big factors.  We have a wheat program related to regenerative agriculture. We need to extend that. We need to make sure that our whole packaging approach is clear on recyclable, but also working on the recyclability and the use of virgin plastic over the years. We needed to get into our operations, understand renewable electricity. We need to reduce food waste which we've done quite significantly, but we need to do more. 50% in our own operations, 50% in our distribution, for instance. We need to change all our ovens.  We need to change all our boilers, and so on and so on. And then in logistics, we need to switch to electric vehicles, hydrogen trucks, work on our warehouse emissions, and change the efficiency of our networks. Just to name a few things of what this means. So the team has worked through all these details and they've come up with a plan that is credible. It's not easy. We've also made a 10-year plan for the Company, Vision 2030, which, during 2022, we're planning and Investor Day around that.  And all the costs of net-zero have been built into that plan, which is another thing that we wanted to make sure of that we had the cost clear. So that's why you felt in the past month we were a little bit hesitant because we were working through this exercise and I really didn't know is this all add up and if this is the plan that we really believe in. But I think we've come up with something strong that the Company feels that we can deliver. It's not going to be easy, but that's why we can make the announcements right now.
Alexia Howard: Thank you very much for all the color.I'll pass it on.
Dirk Van De Put : Okay.
Luca Zaramella : Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey, good afternoon, folks. Thanks to spot me in and congrats on a good result.
Luca Zaramella : Thank you, Jason.
Dirk Van De Put: All right, Jason.
Jason English: A couple of questions for me. First, the 6 to 7% price increase in the U.S. that weighted average? Is that what we should actually expect to see flowing? Or is it on partial portfolio, dampening effects? Anything we should be considering as we look to put pen to paper on our models.
Luca Zaramella : It is an overall net average price increase in the U.S. portfolio. So we have announced that for Biscuit, and on average that's the number, we are going with gum and candy as well. Hall's will be a little bit later in the cycle. But all in all it is going to be very close to the 6%, 7%.
Jason English: Got it. Okay. And then sticking in North America, quickly, simplify the growth charges that are being backed out there -- they're pretty substantial, I think roughly $330 million year-to-date. So really chunky numbers. Could you elaborate on what is all this expense that we're backing? And what is the expected return on all this investment?
Luca Zaramella : We announced earlier in the year the closure of the plants. And with all the activities we have been having around the reset of some of the U.S. network, that's really the biggest part of the cost in restructuring. So that's, that's really what it is at this point.
Jason English: And the anticipated return or savings that you expect to be generated from that?
Luca Zaramella : Obviously, we have an internal rate of return expectation that is well in excess of cost of capita. You might imagine that particularly as it relates to the 2 plans, we're going to avoid fixed cost as we go into next year. And so the return is going to be on the high side. On top of that, the strike resolution did gets us additional flexibility. It was a win-win for us and our employees to whom we gave good benefits I believe. But together with the avoidance of fixed cost, the additional flexibility, this program itself is going to yield good returns.
Jason English: Excellent. Great stuff. Pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Palmer of Evercore ISI.
David Palmer: Thank you. Good afternoon. Wondering if you could talk about the Third Quarter gross margin declined. Your pricing was 3%. How much you think was the impact of input inflation versus other factors like the supply chain inefficiencies in the U.S. and UK? And I have a quick follow-up.
Luca Zaramella : Yes. As I said,in the end when I look at really GP growth across the board for our regions, I feel quite good about what was accomplished across the European business, the EMEA business, and the Latin America business. The pressure can release from North America and it is, quite frankly, mostly attributable to the logistics and transportation cost constraints that we have seen. We also had to acknowledge though, that particularly around some commodities like edible oils, etc. There has been some pressure. So I would say that the GP line pressure comes in Q4 mostly because of the commodity and logistics cost. And it is mostly attributable to the North America business.  And so a s you think going forward, pricing should really improve margins because I believe the cost severity in Q3 is quite high in my goal a little bit further in Q4 and into next year. But it can not fiscally, proportionately the same amount as we have seen in Q2 and Q3, in Q4, and into 2022. So that's a little bit of color around the GP line.
David Palmer: And just a quick follow up to Jason's question about price increases in the U.S., it sounds like those alone -- are those announced price increases might add upwards of a point to your global price number heading into the first half of '22. Is that right? And then I'm just curious for the entirety of '21 for common world travel retail, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you wouldn't get back to 2019 levels, perhaps even into the end of '22, but that doesn't mean you can't get some of that back in '22. So how far below in '21 were those businesses versus '19? Thanks.
Luca Zaramella : Yeah. Maybe I'll go with the first part and answer the gum and candy questions. I think you know how big North America is in total for the Company and you have a sense of what a 6%, 7% price increase would do. So I think your math is in the ballpark. Obviously the question is, how is volume going to react? And what we're seeing at the moment it is that elasticities are more benign than they have been historically, but we need to see protracted price increases into next year, and we need to see what moving away from some price anchors will do to our consumers. And that's a little bit the question mark at this point. As I said though, for the totality of the Company at this time, I see good revenue momentum going into '22, and I see revenue being on algorithm for next year as well.
Dirk Van De Put : So on on gum and candy can be maybe first on gum. I think it was coming in world travel retail. But on gum roughly, I would say gum drops to about 65% to 70% last year, of what it is in 2019 because of mobility. I think for the total of '21, it's going to be roughly around 85, maybe 90% of where it was in 2019. And then we expect that it will close that gap in 2022. Now, in the beginning of the year, the recuperation was slower. Recently, we have seen an acceleration of the recuperation of gum. So we're talking about double-digit revenue year-to-date, growth of gum, and strong double-digit revenue growth in Q3.  So year-to-date on a 2-year CAGR, were still negative high-single-digit, but as I said, the recovery is going faster. And then we starting to see some markets, particularly China and Russia, where we now have a positive 2-year CAGR on gum. The emerging markets remain attractive for us and the question is really on the developed markets, which is only 2% of our 2020 net revenue. And so that's -- that's really where we expected recovery to be slowest. As it relates to world travel retail, that dropped almost to 0, I would say, It was probably at 5% of what it was before the pandemic.  This year, we will probably get back to depending a little bit what happens at the end of the year we traveled, but maybe 65% 70% and then depending on what consumers decide to do as it relates to travel, that's the big unknown. We will for sure go up significantly next year, but I'm not quite sure that we will see the same amount of travel. And as a consequence, buying on travel as we saw in 2019. So that's still a little bit up in the the air. But we will get close to I think gum will be all the way back. But remember, gum wasn't growing a lot in 2019, so back but no significant growth and world travel retail close, but not completely we think.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Pamela Kaufman of Morgan Stanley.
Pamela Kaufman: Hi, good evening.
Luca Zaramella : Hi.
Dirk Van De Put : Hi, Pamela.
Pamela Kaufman: How are you thinking about the level of investment needed to support the strong top-line momentum that you've seen? And do you expect to increase brand investment further to support higher pricing? And if so, can you talk about which categories and geographies there might be greater investment behind?
Dirk Van De Put : Yes. I can talk a little bit about the principles and then maybe look or you can go into more detail if, if needed. But in general, we believe that we want out grow our categories, and to outgrow our categories, our brands need to have more visibility, more support, more innovation than others. We believe that i can be achieved with roughly, I would say a 7% to 8% increase year-over-year of our A&C investment. And that's fits into our long-term algorithm, where our expectation is that 1/2 of the growth of 4%+ growth that we want in gross profit year-after-year, that 1/2 of that gets reinvested.  Not all of that goes into A&C, some goes into overheads, part goes into R&D. But overall that's the thinking, and that allows for that roughly 7% to 8% increase, so it's 15 through the long-term algorithm. As it relates to pricing and increasing our investments, we trying to maintain our algorithm. If we see we can get a better top-line, we might do more flowing -- continuously flowing at 50% back into investment. This year, as an example, we have a double-digit increase in our A&C year-to-date, while we are doing the price increases that Luca talked about. Then, the other movement that we're doing is within the A&C investments, we are moving more of the investment in working media.  We have done that now for multiple years. So the investments are really compounding. There is the increase in overall A&C and then the increase in working media within A&C. And then we have also made big strides on the quality, the effectiveness, and the ROI of our marketing. If you talk about where do you want to do more, we have our Local Jewels, which we have given significantly more investment in the last three years. But we want to continue to do that more on the brands that we're already supporting and activate more brands.  And then as it relates to markets where we would do that, probably the -- some of the markets where we are underrepresented, largely emerging markets, that's where we think we should do the biggest increases of our A&C because we still have to the category to support and really build the category for the longer term. That's how I was thinking about it. I'm not sure, Luca, if you want to add something?
Luca Zaramella : No, I think it has been a consistent theme, the one that we have been implementing in the Company in terms of A&C investment. If I look back, I think since 2019, even despite fine tuning the A&C line. in 2020, given obviously COVID, we have been able to increase A&C, I think versus 2018 by 25% f you look between again, 2018 and where we are today. Particularly on the working media, we have been improving quite a bit the situation about what we spend in that P&L line.  And I would also say the quality of advertising and the mix of advertising it has been got improving the ROI quite a bit. And so I think that's one of the things that has made the mobile more sustainable for us. And I think when you look at volume growth, share gains, there is a strong linkage with these investments we have been making in global and local brands.
Pamela Kaufman: Thank you. Can you just give an update on the white space opportunities that you're targeting and how you're leveraging the recent acquisitions to to address these opportunities.
Dirk Van De Put : Sorry. Yes, the wide space opportunities for us are -- I mean, if you look at our building blocks for growth, the first 2 are pretty straightforward. It make sure our categories keep on growing. We are big players in our category, our category growth depends pulsely of us. Second, continue to increase our market share and that gives us a bigger growth. Third, there is the channel expansion that we can do. We are not having the same market share in all channels. Thinking about, for instance, online or digital commerce in the more developed markets. But we're also talking about numerical distribution in emerging markets. As I was saying in the prepared remarks, we are increasing China by 120,000 stores and India by 80,000 stores our presence this quarter alone.  So then on top of that, there's high growth segments within our categories, and so I'm thinking about well-being, thinking about premium, and those are some of the areas that we are underrepresented and that we should be really launching new products in there and using some of the acquisitions that we've been seeing to getting there, for instance, out grenade or  would fit in this category. Then we have geographic wide spaces around the world, countries where we are not yet that present.  And so we haven't done that many yet, although an acquisition like Chipita, which largely plays in East and Central Europe and some of the other emerging markets. Obviously, we'll reinforce our presence, but they're largely in the same countries as we are or where we already have a smaller presence but it certainly will give us more critical mass. And then the last one is the closing adjacencies, which are the bakery and the bar segment.  And so Chipita fits or Give & Go fully fall into that sort of growth opportunity that we have. And so that's the last wide space. So it's between channel, high-growth segments, geographical wide spaces, and closing adjacencies. Those are the 4 big wide spaces that we have.
Pamela Kaufman: Thank you.
Operator: And this does conclude our --
Dirk Van De Put : I think we've come to the end. Yeah?
Operator: Sorry. Go ahead. This does conclude our Q&A session. I'd like to return the call to you for any concluding remarks.
Dirk Van De Put : No. I think we've come clearly through the end. Thank you for your interest in the Company. Happy to reply to more questions. Please contact the Shep and Andrei and we will do whatever we can to help you out. And looking forward to talk to you at the end of the year to give you a full update of where we've ended 21 and give you our guidance for 22.
Operator: Thank you.
Luca Zaramella : Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's Mondelez Corporation Q3, 2021 earnings call. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a good day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Mondelez International Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about 1 hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session.  I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me today are; Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on our forward-looking statements.
Dirk Van de Put: Thanks, Shep, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. Firstly, I want to acknowledge our colleagues, our suppliers and our customers around the world who continue to navigate through the pandemic, particularly in markets where COVID vaccines are not yet widely available. We continue to work hard to accelerate access to vaccines for our colleagues, and sincerely appreciate everyone's efforts to maintain the supply and availability of our products. We had a strong first half executing our strategy well and leveraging our advantaged enablers to deliver against our growth drivers. The strong first half gives us the confidence to raise our full year revenue growth outlook to 4%-plus. We are seeing improving mobility trends in many places, helping to drive recovery in areas such as world travel retail and Gum & Candy that was negatively impacted last year. We also see continued strong demand for the categories and channels that experienced elevated demand last year due to COVID. Once again, this quarter, we have demonstrated that our strategy is working as it is driving a virtuous cycle that is consistently delivering a profitable, volume-driven top line and bottom line growth, as well as good returns to our shareholders. We are leveraging our revenue growth management capability which is particularly important in this inflationary environment to generate fuel for continued investment in our brands and capabilities. And we continue to reshape our portfolio to further increase our focus on snacking as well as to accelerate our long-term growth rate. To this end, we announced in Q2 an agreement to acquire Chipita, which I will speak more about later. After this strong first half of the year and strong previous years, I remain even more confident that we have the right strategy and are taking the right actions to deliver continued and accelerated growth.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk and good afternoon. Our second quarter performance was strong across the board. We delivered robust topline growth, healthy gross profit dollar growth that allowed reinvestment in our brands, and attractive free cash flow. Revenue for the quarter increased by 6.2%. Growth was broad based and volume-led. Pricing, which was favorable across all regions, was also a key contributor.
Operator:  Your first question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. Dirk, you mentioned that your plan remains prudent. You talked about global volatility. I'm curious, though, how you see the situation today in some of your key emerging markets and what your outlook is for the rest of the year. Again, I know you don't have a crystal ball, but are there any areas of the world where you might be more optimistic? More concerned? Just trying to get a sense of that?
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Thanks, Ken. And yes, a pleasure to go into that. You probably saw that we had a strong emerging market performance in Q2 with 16% growth in the quarter and now a 5% growth on a 2-year average basis. It would have been probably higher but we have disruption in India. COVID caused in May. And so if you look around I would say, look at the big markets. We have strong double digit growth in all the BRICS countries. So Brazil and Russia and then the high single-digit growth in China. So there's nothing there. I would say of those countries, there's always a potential maybe, except for China, that COVID will cause some volatility, particularly a country like India looks more susceptible to it. But overall, they seem to be on a path of a gradual increase. China, I mean, operating well. COVID seems to be under control. They are returning to mobility and we've seen a constantly improving category performance. And on top, we have strong share gains, sometimes like in Gum 3 points year-to-date. If I look at India, they bounced back in June of the crisis of April and May, and the daily cases are now at 10% of what the peak was. So, the short-term risk of further disruption remains significant due to the slow vaccine rollout and new variants. But if I look at the long-term prospects, I believe they still are very strong. And our team there is executing the strategy very well, doing more investment, increasing the range and driving more distribution. And then Brazil had very strong growth, double-digit net revenue and now also double digit on a 2-year CAGR. The COVID nervousness is still there. And then the chocolate and biscuit consumption is growing while the Gum & Candy, which, as you know, is very heavily affected by COVID, is still negative by the reduced mobility. In Brazil, we see the vaccine rollout accelerating and it's starting to have an impact. And so we expect mobility in Brazil in the second half to be quite strong. And we also see some share gains in biscuits in Brazil. So, in the big markets, I cannot say, apart from what I just said, that there would be major surprises. I would say, at this stage, Southeast Asia is particularly affected, and so that's going to take a few months probably. We have transmissions peaking in Vietnam and Indonesia. Q2 was flat against 2019, so we have to monitor that very closely. And then the Middle East and Africa, in general, they are in growth on a two-year basis, but that's also a part of the world that I would say we need to remain careful, and I don't think they have fully recovered. If I look at Latin America, the smaller markets, Mexico, slight growth on a two-year basis now. They had a tough year last year, coming back quite nicely. The rest of the smaller markets, probably not quite there yet, still below the 2019 levels. That's also driven by the fact that our Gum & Candy business is quite important in those markets. And then the European emerging markets, apart from Russia, they remain strong. So, I would say overall, there are smaller markets that are affected at the moment, but the big emerging markets are doing well. Volatility remains, but I would largely see that in India and Southeast Asia and potentially, Africa. But overall, I think the mix of our emerging markets, over time, will keep on showing more stability and a gradual increase versus 2019.
Ken Goldman: That is very helpful. Thank you, Dirk. And then quickly, Luca, I was just thinking about the phasing of the third quarter and the fourth quarter from a top line perspective. As we model each of those quarters, are there any onetime maybe headwinds or tailwinds that you'd like us to consider or keep in mind?
Luca Zaramella: I mean the straight answer is no. Clearly, we are very happy with the strong first half. And the 4%-plus guidance, which implies at least 3% growth for the second half, is evenly spread, I would say, between Q3 and Q4 the 3%-plus or at least 3% in the second half might appear conservative, and maybe it is given the first half trend. But as Dirk just finished talking about emerging markets, we know the situation is still volatile in certain parts of the world. And we do not know to which extent Gum & Candy and World Travel Retail will recover. So we feel quite good about the 4-plus percent. Expect the growth to be evenly spread between Q3 and Q4.
Ken Goldman: Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Good evening everybody.
Luca Zaramella: Hi Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi there. Maybe to start with, you talked about how you obviously expect better organic revenue growth for the year and or kind of standing path on the EPS growth outlook. And I guess it's a combination of reinvestment and some additional inflation. But first off, I was hoping, Luca, you could break down those two for us. Is 1 of those two maybe a significantly larger portion of the impact to the incremental impact to margins in the back half of the year. And to the extent it's reinvestment to kind of hold up market share, given you're starting to lap some of the unprecedented market share gains from last year. What are you seeing that helps inform your ability to hold on to some of these share points or these share wins as you go forward? Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: So maybe I'll start with this last one. In terms of share gains, the peak of the share gains were last year in Q2. And as we said many times, each were expanding consistent across the board. Our top countries now were middle size countries in both chocolate and biscuit posted tremendous share gains. And obviously, the 75%, 80% share gains that we're talking about, don't give full justice to the absolute amount of shares. And so, by lapping the peak last year, what I can tell you today is that, we are fairly happy with the overall result over the 2-year period. And we intend to keep it as it is as of Q2 and potentially slightly growing those share gains in the second part of the year. In terms of dynamics, the amount of A&C that we are going to invest for the second part of the year is pretty much in line with what you have seen so far in the first half. Obviously, Q2 last year, we kind of cut a little bit A&C because we were impossibilitated to do business in certain places, particularly in emerging markets. But when you look on the face of it, the increment in the second part of the year will be lower. But in terms of run rate and absolute numbers, it is absolutely in line with the first part of the year. In terms of pricing and inflation, I would say, there is going to be more in the second part of the year. To start with our pipeline of commodities and ForEx has been advantageous in the first part of the year, and we expect some commodities and ForEx impact to be relatively higher in the second part. So, there will be some more pressure in Q3 specifically. But we will continue to be very disciplined in terms of cost and pricing. And the overall goal for us is to enter 2022; A, with some strong share momentum; and 2, with some GP level that will enable continued investment. So, as I said Q3 will be more pressured than Q4. But I think at this point in time, have line of sight to incremental pricing. We have line of sight to incremental volume. And we have line of sight certainly to more of what we call RGM, which is critical for us as we continue to support our brands and with the ultimate goal to again, as I said to enter 2022 with a strong momentum.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi: Yes. Good afternoon everyone. So I just wanted to follow up on Andrew's question regarding share gains. And a year ago, we were talking a lot about consumer trial and household penetration? And Luca and Dirk, I was hoping you can maybe provide an update on the retention. What you're seeing from some of these new consumers. Maybe that can help us provide some perspective around the sustainability of share gains? Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So, if I look at the household penetration in the last 12 months, globally, we have an increase of about 150 million households which we are holding on to. That is not falling back. The other area that I see is not necessarily going to lead to share gains, but I think it will lead to strong categories is this combination of an at-home consumption that is lower than it was -- slightly lower than it was last year but still significantly higher than it was in 2019. But that is then sort of buildup or there's a build-on from mobility increases. And the impulse channel coming back and giving a strong growth in Gum & Candy as well as in biscuits and chocolate. And so that, I think, would be a second factor that will influence this. And then I -- as Luca was saying, we are lapping the highest share increases that we had last year. That was, of course, a combination of our brands and the performance of our brands, but also the fact that our supply chain last year kind of worked better than some of our competitors. That effect we knew over time was going to go away. But in the second half of the year, those huge increases driven by our supply chain performance last year are gone, so we'll be lapping market share increases that are milder. And on top, we're expecting, as we did in the second quarter, but also in the third and the fourth quarter to continue to increase our working media spend in a significant way. So, I expect that also to contribute to the market share gain. So -- but what we expect to happen is that by the end of this year, the market share gains that we had at the end of last year will have retained or potentially increased a little bit.
Nik Modi: Excellent. That's very helpful. And then just one last question. As we start seeing a surge in cases in the US and obviously, other pockets of the world have been not as favorable as what the US has been, are you seeing retailers behave any differently? Are they -- is there this fear that supply won't be able to come to the market if people start stocking up so they're buying inventory in early. Any context around that?
Dirk Van de Put: Not really at this stage. We haven't really seen anything. It was a little bit, but not really significantly, I would say. Now, if the news continues to worsen like the CDC is saying today that even vaccinated people in certain circumstances should start to wear masks again. The fact that consumers might stay at home longer because the returning to work is not as evident after Labor Day at the moment, I think we might see a sort of a repeat of previous situations. I don't think it will lead to massive stocking at home. But the increased consumption at home, I think, will continue for a while. So, at the moment, for instance, the food consumption at home still shows a 15% spend increase versus 2019. I think that will continue well into the third quarter and potentially, in the fourth quarter. And the out-of-home eating is still not quite there. It's still 5% down, the spending there versus what it was in 2019. But the consumer is venturing out more, which also helps our snacking category. So, I think overall, our categories will benefit. But I do not expect that we will see massive sort of stocking and retailers struggling with replenishment.
Nik Modi: Excellent. Thank you so much. I'll pass it on.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hey good afternoon everyone. Hi. Just wanted to ask a question about investment levels. I think you talked about part of the -- what's contemplated in the guidance for the full year in '21 is some incremental investment, and wanting to be in a good place to invest for '22 as well. So, I guess 2 questions around that. One is just where is the -- where are you making those product categories or which geographies? And then second, just if you give us a sense of what types of investments those are. So are they product and packaging? Is it marketing? Just trying to get an understanding of kind of where and what the investments are?
Luca Zaramella: It is a combination of the strategy we had all along since the launch of the new strategy in 2018. First and foremost, it is around global brands, but also about local brands. And so, the local jewels we have around the world are all benefiting from increased A&C. It is about more working media than anything else. And so, we are reducing consistently over the last couple of years, the amount of nonworking media that we have in our plans and in our numbers. We are consistently pushing the envelope on renovation of some of these brands. And we continue investing in new packaging, in new quality, etcetera. But the overwhelming part of the investment is around working media. It is more skewed towards biscuits and chocolate, but we are also increasing, particularly in some places like China and Latin America gum investment because we want obviously to reap the benefit of increased mobility. And so, I think it is all around all these global and local brands. And that's I think paying back in terms of share gains and certainly in terms of volume and revenue growth.
Bryan Spillane: Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Bryan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Hi, two quick questions. The first is, have you experienced higher freight and logistics costs, did that occur in 2Q? I didn't hear it called out. And if it is, is it showing up in SG&A or is it in COGS? And then the other question was, I just want to confirm about the guidance. It's high single digit off of a higher EPS base, by about $0.03 following the restatement. So, I know you said there's a lot of reinvestment, but are you also saying that some of it -- some of this top line benefit will drop to the bottom line because -- around the order of $0.03? Thanks.
Luca Zaramella: So logistics cost and freight cost is a pressure point already in Q2, and it is reported into COGS. It is, for the most part of it, a phenomenon that we saw in North America, but it is not only limited to North America. Ocean freight are really on the rise everywhere, and it is impossible pretty much to cover for a long period of time. And so we are facing pressure particularly in that area. Obviously, given the fact that we have in the US a DSD system, which is a captive system, which is on-lease trucks, etcetera, we are somewhat more insulated than others, but it is definitely a pressure point. We called out in general inflation because there is more than logistics and freight. There is also some packaging costs that is high. And in general, commerce and co-pack are rising cost with us. In terms of EPS, we have been guiding to high single-digit, that is of the base that has been restated and there is a little bit of an upside driven by the incremental revenue. But the most part of the upside is being reinvested back in the business. You might imagine, Rob, that as we might implement more pricing around the world, and given also the high share that we are retaining, we want to enter 2022, A, with strong share momentum; and B, with a level of profitability that is allowing us to continue to reinvest. And if we implement more pricing, obviously, we need more support to our brands.
Robert Moskow: Great. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Rob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Good evening everyone.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi Alexia.
Luca Zaramella: Hi.
Alexia Howard: Two quick questions for me. I think you mentioned in the press release that you were getting some benefit from manufacturing productivity, I'm curious if that's just operating leverage or whether there is specific manufacturing cost savings that you're seeing around the world? And if so, where those are and what's going on? And then my second question is really around just the commentary on the negative mix on both the revenues and the gross margin. I was just wondering if you were able to quantify that and qualitatively describe what's happening? Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: So, in terms of net productivity, with the exclusion of commodities and ForEx costs, we include everything else in net productivity pretty much. So, labor inflation and any other type of inflation that is in there. We are benefiting from the fact that volume is growing 4.4% in the quarter, and that is providing leverage in our factories as well, obviously. But I think it's fair to say also that all the actions that we have put in place in the last few years in terms of simplification, for instance, of the portfolio, the fact that we continue to invest our CapEx mostly behind productivity initiatives is giving us benefits. And that is particularly evident in places like Latin America and EMEA that have a good rate of net productivity. Clearly, in the US, where, as I said, logistics inflation, which is part of productivity is higher is somewhat muting a bit the benefit that we are having in conversion costs. In terms of mix, I called out during the prepared remarks that as you think about World Travel Retail, which is a $0.25 billion business in 2019 or a little bit less, it is still running at 40% of what we used to be in 2019. And this is a business that runs with a much higher gross profit because it is mostly World Travel Retail, which is Toblerone and it is sold at a very premium to the rest of the portfolio. The other one, obviously, is gum. I said that it is 80% of what it used to be in 2019. It is 5% of the total revenue that we have. And again, that is a line of business that runs with a GP margin that is relatively higher to the rest of the portfolio. So I don't want to embark in giving you an exact mix number. What I can tell you is that, if we restore the business to the levels of 2019, it will be a material impact and positive impact in terms of dollars that will drop to the bottom line. As I said, think about gum running at 20% higher than it is today or world travel retail running at 60% higher than it is today, that will be a material benefit to the bottom line and to the profitability. It is fair to say that you haven't seen a big impact last year or this year, because we have been able to offset it through a lot of cost measures that are embedded into the P&L. In fact, when you look at the overhead line, we are very happy with what we have. And I think that is the reason why we're holding profit at good levels and increasing it by 10% in the first half, despite double-digit A&C.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. Ill pass it on.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Alexia.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good evening.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Chris.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi, guys. I just had two questions for you. The first one would just be with -- in relation to the degree of cost inflation, I'm just trying to get a sense of how it differs, if it differs between developed and emerging markets. And I guess related to that, I'm seeing very strong pricing in Latin America, a little bit more in Asia, but very limited pricing in Europe and North America to start to see that pricing pick up based on the inflation in the second half of the year.
Luca Zaramella: Look, it's difficult for me to make statements about future pricing, as it boils down to segment pricing and profitability. What I would tell you is, we are seeing pressure in the commodity market. And so, what we see in commodities like sugar, edible oils, packaging material, resins costs, et cetera, those are common to all markets around the world. To that, I would add that in some developing markets, ForEx pressure is compounding. And so, if you think about the Russian ruble, there is more cost pressure in some of these developing markets. Certainly, in the US, when we look at labor costs, when we look at packaging costs, when we look at edible oils and logistics and freight, there is clearly a material impact. As I said, I don't want to start making comments about future pricing. But what I can tell you is that, in general terms, A, we have developed great capabilities around revenue growth management, and North America is most likely leading the pack in that area. And second, I will tell you that, not any different than any other segment we operate in, all the business that we have is trying to enter 2022 with a level of profitability that allows continued investment. And I would leave it at there, because, as I said, I don't want to give any indication of future pricing by segment.
Chris Growe: I understand. Thank you for the color you can give. And just a quick follow-on in relation to Brian's question earlier about the investment, I think you just said about how you're trying to be in a position to be able to reinvest again next year in 2022. I assume, you're going to reinvest every year, frankly, and I think that's hopefully going to help drive the strong revenue growth. I just want to get a little more color, as youre thinking about 2022. Is it a heavier rate of reinvestment you foresee? Or is it just the normal course of continued investment that you're calling out for next year?
Dirk Van de Put: No. we are -- in general, what we're trying to do, of course, is a little bit up or down every year is to take half of the extra gross profit that we generate in dollars every year and reinvested in the business. That's the ideal format, let's say, that we're trying to achieve. And we're not planning to change that next year. As you can imagine, we will have to deal with the inflation that we see as Luca was explaining, so we will have to do more pricing, and we might have a little bit more pressure on our gross profit line. So, we -- for the remainder of the year, we are expecting that we will do better from a topline perspective, we will see significant growth in our gross profit line. But we are expecting that most of it, we will have to reinvest in the business. That's what we mean to get ourselves into the ideal position at the start of next year. But then next year, we're expecting to do exactly what I explained. Continue our current way of looking at things, and no expectation of increasing investment significantly next year. Now, on a year-over-year basis, that's usually a seven to eight, sometimes double-digit increase of our investment that formula I was talking about.
Chris Growe: That makes sense. Thanks so much for your time today.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: Good afternoon. Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi.
Luca Zaramella: Hi.
Michael Lavery: Just wanted to follow up on innovation and SKU rationalizations and maybe try to tie them together a little bit. One, just could you give a sense of your progress on SKU rationalizations? I know the 25% you were cutting is big, but it clearly hasn't slowed the organic growth. Just then also curious a little bit related to that on innovation, if it's -- what your learnings are from that process. And if it changes how you think about screening or gating your launches and just what implications it might have as you look at new products.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. First of all, on SKU rationalization. There's really three levels of how you should think about SKU rationalization. First of all, there is stopping production. And so not reducing certain SKUs anymore. Second is then having those SKUs not in inventory anymore. And then third, having those SKUs not in the store anymore. So, those are the three levels. Where we are at the moment is that of that 25%, most of it, the production has been stopped. We're gradually running out of inventory. We didn't want to write off the inventory, which would give us a big cost effect. And then it's now starting to show up in-store. In-store, we're not yet down 25%, but it's increasing rapidly. The effect of that sort of trickle reduction is going to be that I don't think you will see an effect on our topline, and that is really should go by almost unnoticed that we have 25% less SKUs. Keep in mind also that, that 25% was kind of 2% or 3% of our total net revenue. And if we manage it well in-store and keep the same shelf space and replace those 25% with faster rotating SKUs, we could even gain sales. On innovation, in a business like ours, innovation is kind of three things. It's, first of all, what we call renovation, it's existing SKUs that we have to renovate, update, make more interesting. Second, there is then innovation within the core news flavors and so on. And then there's what we call innovation beyond the core, which is new to market type of segments or new types of products. What we have been aiming for in our innovation approach is that renovation part and that sort of new flavors part. That's where we believe we can reduce a little bit the amount of activity that we have, and we've been doing that also around the 25% mark. And that has led to bigger renovations or bigger sort of within the core innovations. And we're seeing the benefit from that. And it's clearly showing up in the way our net revenue growth is being composed. Where we still have work to do is, what we call beyond the core. We're working that hard. We're trying to shift some resources to that. That requires a longer lead time, requires more investment, but over time, can give a significant growth for the company. So, what I would say here also, the 25% reduction has given an upside to us. And we are very happy with the way our innovation contribution to growth is panning out at the moment.
Michael Lavery: Really great color. Thank you so much.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Operator: Okay. And your last question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow: Hey good evening guys.
Luca Zaramella: Hi Ken.
Ken Zaslow: Just a couple of questions. One is, what have you seen with price elasticity to customers. And how is this different than in the past. Second question would be, when you think about your acquisitions, all your tack-on -- your bolt-on acquisitions, how much incremental sales growth do you think that's added? And how much will it add going forward?
Dirk Van de Put: The first question, Luca, do you --
Luca Zaramella: Elasticity. So, if we see elasticity numbers that given prices raises --
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Yes. Okay. Sorry, I can't -- I didn't understand the question the first time, it was a bit interrupted for me. But from an elasticity perspective, our categories are showing what I would say, an average elasticity from what I've seen to other food categories. And it depends a little bit where you are in which market around the world. In developed markets where most of the sales are through supermarkets and done in larger packs, there are price points, but they're probably not as solid. And for instance, in Germany, the price per kilo is extremely important, while in France, the exact price point where that pack normally is sold is much more important. And so, it's a mixed picture. But I would say, we can more easily move things up or down. And then again, when we talk about pricing, you should not just think about direct price increase. It's also what we call price pack architecture. It's the amount and the depth of promotions that we have and at some of the trade activities that we deploy. So pricing is a big word or is sort of a grouping of a number of activities, which might not necessarily immediately translate in a lasting effect for the consumer who suddenly sees the price change. In emerging markets, it's slightly different. There, it's really about price points and you need to maintain those price points. So in general, what we do there is we work much harder on productivities, reducing of packaging, improving the cost of our ingredients, improving the cost of our distribution and so on. Also making sure that we work hard on price pack architecture and so on. So that's a bit more of a difficult approach, where you need to stick to the price points. And usually, when you have to move away from a price point, the elasticity effect shows quite considerably in your volumes. And so, the game is played slightly different there. So I hope that explains a little bit the two ways that we manage elasticity. But I would say, in North America and Europe, in general, the way we're doing it, and as you probably heard in previous discussions, our price movements are bigger than previous year but not massive. And that's thanks to that RGM approach, I would say. We are able to deal with the elasticity that comes from it and an example is a 4%-plus volume growth we've seen in this quarter. As it relates to acquisitions, acquisitions that we've done so far have added about $1.5 billion to our top line. The idea is that they grow high single digits, and so you can probably calculate what they add to our top line growth. I would say, it's probably in the order of 0.3% growth. Our plan is to continue to do bolt-on acquisitions. It's difficult to say how much and when and at which growth rate. But, in general, when we announced our strategy, we always said that we were counting on a 3%-plus organic growth, and then we would complement that with growth through acquisition. In that thinking, we were thinking that about 0.5, 0.6 of growth would come eventually from acquisitions. So that's more or less what we have in mind. We haven't done that many acquisitions yet, and it will probably still take us a few years before we got a significant math that would lead to that 0.5, 0.6. But that's sort of our thinking as it relates to the contribution of acquisition.
Ken Zaslow: Great. I appreciate it. I just had a quick one, just to add is, at what level of sales growth would you not reinvest that would fall to the bottom line? And I'm not guiding you anywhere, but if it was 5%, would you drop it down? Is it 6%? Is it 4.5%? And then, I'll leave it there, and I really appreciate your time.
Luca Zaramella: So the idea is to -- the algorithm we have in mind is 3%-plus on the top line. It is under normal circumstances, 4% to 5% GP dollars. And then we take half of it, we reinvest it and half of it we drop it to EBIT. And then, that should deliver the EPS growth of high single digit. Clearly, as you look at this year, we are ahead on top and bottom line. But as we said very clearly, what we want to do is to sustain the market share gains and potentially additional pricing that is coming and enter 2022 with the level of confidence that we can still have this virtuous cycle we are in and that we want to protect.
Ken Zaslow: Great. I appreciate it, guys. Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Thank you. I think with that, we can conclude the call. We'd like to reiterate that it was a great quarter, solid top line growth, good gross margin and gross profit growth, significant reinvestment in the business and I think a strong bottom line. Going forward, we will see a bit more inflation pressure. And our intent is that we will deliver a higher topline growth, 4%-plus, as we said. And that any additional margin that we have that we would reinvest in the business so that we can enter to 2022 with a great share position as well as a great margin position, which would allow us to continue our virtuous circle in 2022. Thank you for the interest in the business. Looking forward to take you through the results of Q3 and Q4. And thank you, of course, for all your questions. And that's it. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Mondelez International First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session.  I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van De Put, our Chairman and CEO and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides which are available on our website.
Dirk Van De Put: Thank you, Shep and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. We had a strong start to the year despite lapping our highest growth quarter in 2020 and Q1 reconfirmed that we are emerging from COVID even stronger. Our performance demonstrates that our strategy is working and that we have clear growth opportunities in front of us. We are driving a virtuous cycle and producing a consistent track record of growth. As we continue to deliver on our commitments, we are also strengthening our business by accelerating investments, reshaping our portfolio and simplifying the business while maintaining cost discipline. We are well positioned to accelerate long-term revenue and earnings growth. On slide five, let me walk you through the headlines of our financial results. Top line growth was 3.8% underpinned by broad based share gains, and excellent execution across all geographies, categories and brands. Our teams around the world delivered amazing results with events like Chinese New Year and Easter being clear standards. In turn, the strong volume and price driven top line translated into gross profit dollar growth of 5%, also aided by our emerged stronger cost initiatives.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk and good afternoon, everyone. Our first quarter performance was strong across all key financial metrics, building off the strength and momentum of 2020. Revenue grew 3.8%, driven by broad based growth and a healthy balance of price and volume. On a two-year average basis, we grew for 5.1%. Emerging market performance was strong with growth of 10% for the quarter and more than 7% on a two-year basis. Quarter-one marks, for emerging market, a solid comeback from the impact of COVID and proves that our geographical footprint is a long-term sustainable competitive advantage. These results include double-digit growth in Brazil, India and China, as well as high-single digit increase in Russia. In developed markets, we continue to see solid consumption and are pleased with our performance given the elevated demand in the previous year quarter. These markets were in positive growth territory for the quarter while the two-year average growth was 4%. Turning to slide 14, and performance by category. Biscuits grew plus 3.4% in Q1 and plus 7.6% on a two-year average. Each of our BRIC countries delivered double-digit growth during the quarter, while our large US business posted low-single digit growth against very elevated growth from the previous year. The Oreo brand once again was a clear winner with nearly double-digit growth. Chocolate grew more than 10% for the quarter, with a two-year average of 6.5%. Our large chocolate countries such as India, the UK, Germany, Brazil and Russia, all turned in strong results. We are particularly pleased with our Easter performance, considering that mobility restrictions are still in place, for instance, in Europe. From a brand perspective, both Cadbury Dairy Milk and Milka grew double digit. Gum and candy continued to see the impact of restricted mobility. This business declined approximately 16% during the quarter and 8% on a two-year basis. Comparisons will become easier as we move into the second quarter, though we are expecting a gradual recovery. Now, I'll cover our market share performance on slide 15. We continue to see good share performance. Given the unique impact of COVID on results, we have switched to a two-year cumulative for percentage of revenue gaining or holding share, as we feel it better depict how we are truly doing. In Q1, we had or gained share in 80% of our revenue. Biscuits and chocolate were the big drivers holding or gaining share in 85% of our revenue base. Gum and candy helped or gain in 35%.
Operator:  Your first question comes from a lot of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Good afternoon. Thanks for the question.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Andrew.
Dirk Van De Put: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: First off, maybe Dirk, can you talk a little bit about how you feel about the durability of the emerging market performance, given the strength that you saw in the quarter, obviously, with all that is going on in so many of those emerging markets currently?
Dirk Van De Put: Yes. Well, just to put the numbers back in front of us. So it's about 10% of growth in the quarter and then 7% on average for the last two years. It was broad based with double-digit growth in Brazil, in India, in China and in Russia, or high-single digit in Russia, sorry. And the contribution to the growth was coming from our global brands and from our local brands. So I would say strong across the board. Maybe some of the countries where we have gum and candy business a little bit less, but we are talking about Mexico or some of the Central American countries or Thailand but not the big emerging markets. Obviously, the big question is what's going to happen with COVID in these big markets, and is it going to affect the consumer? So if I go through them one by one, China is operating well. COVID is under control, I would say. There is a return to mobility and if there is a rise in COVID cases, they lockdown quickly an area, contract trace and then - contact trace, sorry, and move on. So I think China, we can be relatively sure that that is going to continue. The next one, India, the performance was very strong in the first quarter. But at the same time, we've seen near the end of the quarter and then into the second quarter big rise in cases driven by religious festivities, state elections and probably some fatigue. At the moment, the restrictions are only about 10%, so 10% of the population is under severe lockdown. And these lower type of restrictions do not materially affect the access to our products. But if the restrictions would be more expanded that could give us some pockets of disruption to our opinion, but overall, I think life continues. People clearly have migrated to our brands, which are trusted brands and they offer a lot of food safety also. So we're expecting a strong quarter in India, even in the current circumstances for Q2. And then Brazil, as you know, Q1 was heavily affected by COVID. We still have a serious impact. But we see chocolate and biscuit consumption clearly growing. But of course, the gum and candy is still impacted by the lockdowns. In Brazil, just like in the other countries, we're seeing very positive trends in our market shares also. And then Russia, I would say is also in a relatively difficult COVID situation, but it does not affect consumption. So I feel confident that in these four biggest BUs and then some of the other ones, we will be able to sustain growth and there's a number of underlying factors that will drive that. One would be, for instance, distribution expansion in China, we've added 500,000 stores over the last two years. In India, we've done about 360,000 stores. We have huge opportunity in getting to more stores, as I was talking about in the call before. And then India is entering to the choco of bakery space to where we think there's a big opportunity and our biscuit business is growing very fast. So I think also based on those factors that we feel we feel strong about the emerging markets.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much for that. And just this - oh, yeah.
Dirk Van De Put: Maybe, one thing Andrew, because this is maybe the moment to talk about COVID and the India situation, as a side remark. But obviously, our hearts go out with everybody in India and the struggle that the country is going through. The safety of our colleagues is our number one priority and we are giving all the supports we can to a local team. And this week, we are going to donate at least $2 million to the government and to the healthcare workers to provide critical medical infrastructure like oxygenators and other equipment. So I just wanted to make sure that we are aware of what's going on in India and as a company, we are planning to do whatever we can to help.
Andrew Lazar: Yep. Of course, thank you for that. And Luca, just a quick one, given 1Q organic sales growth was obviously very strong and above the full year expectation and it was against the toughest year ago comp, I guess could the 3% plus full year organic sales growth outlook prove potentially conservative, and I guess, potentially also give you more comfort, obviously, in your margin expectations, in a rising sort of inflationary environment?
Luca Zaramella: Yeah. So we are clearly encouraged by the strong start to the year and the quality of our results. It's remarkable to see share gains continuing volume and price, both contributing in a meaningful way to top line and profitability and free cash flow are ahead of last year. As Dirk just said, we are very happy with emerging markets that has truly come back since the peak of the COVID crisis last year in Q2, and the last three quarters over there had been aligned in terms of trends to the pre-COVID levels or even better. And same goes for developed markets that, for which consumption is higher than the 2019 baseline. So we are optimistic about the fundamentals and the ability that we have to execute a 2021 plan. But we know, as Dirk just said in India, there is some volatility and we want to make sure that we don't get ahead of ourselves and so reaffirming our original plan, at this point, we believe is really the right approach. Having said that, you're right, we are going cautiously optimistic about the ability to over-deliver versus the original guidance. But I want to make sure that we don't get ahead of ourselves, it is early in the year. But just to reassure that we have all the investments aligned in the plan. And actually, we have unlocked some additional investments, particularly in places where I think the situation is experiencing great momentum. In terms of inflation, there is more inflation coming. And so profitability is great in Q1, we believe we are going to hit the numbers as we had originally in mind, but the higher inflation will require some additional pricing and some additional productivities to offset the impact, which I believe at this point is absolutely manageable, given that all these positions are pretty much hedged for 2021. And so as I said, profitability should be good, in line with what we told you at the end of last quarter. And we feel like we can price away the inflation and commit again to a high single digit EPS as per the original guidance.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Ken.
Dirk Van De Put: Hi.
Ken Goldman: Hi. You've done a number of bolt-on acquisitions in the last couple of years, you highlighted them today. Nothing on the larger side and I understand, you've been pretty clear, you're not really looking to buy anything sizable. But if a larger asset became available, would you consider it or is it really something that's not on your radar right now? Is it just something where you're still committed to those smaller size targets for now?
Dirk Van De Put: No, we remain on our strategy, which is the snacking world basically. And we want to execute any acquisition, small or big, clearly, as it should help us to accelerate our overall growth rate. So we want to stay in snacking and we want to accelerate our growth rate. So we know where that needs to come from. It has to come from the adjacencies, some of the geographical whitespaces, and some of the fast-growing segments that we have in our current market. So if there would be a larger acquisition that would provide us the opportunity to get bigger in snacking or get an accelerated - and/or get an accelerated growth rate, we're certainly open to it. But it's just very difficult to find and we're hesitant. We would probably be open to get into other areas of snacking but we are hesitant to get into other food categories, which are showing less growth. And so that makes it much more difficult to find the right sizable acquisitions. But it's absolutely not the case that we are not open to it, we're totally open to it.
Ken Goldman: Understood. Thank you for that. And then very quickly, you mentioned that the February storms hurt your operating margin in North America. I don't think you quantified that. I know it's tough to be precise sometimes. But is there any way we can sort of think about how much that affected your margin this quarter? It's important just as we think about what the non-recurring versus recurring impacts were? Thank you for that.
Dirk Van De Put: Yeah, it had a disruption in February. Unless you wanted to go Luca?
Luca Zaramella: No, no. Go ahead, Dirk.
Dirk Van De Put: Yeah. Yeah. We had the disruption in February from the Texas storm, but we had a good stock rebuilt in March. So I would say that the effect for us has been limited. I mean, at the moment itself in February, we saw it clearly. And so those sales that we lost there will not come back but it's not going to have a major impact on the year, I would say.
Ken Goldman: Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you. I noticed that Brazil had much better numbers than what we're used to seeing and I remember you put new management in place in Brazil. Can you give a little more color on what you think the team is doing right there? How sustainable those improvements are? And is there any kind of a model for your other LatAm countries to follow here or do you think just the environment in Brazil is just more amenable than the others? Thanks.
Dirk Van De Put: Yes. Yes, Brazil has been doing better, like Luca said already, for several quarters now. It grew double digit in Q1 and we are expecting good growth again in Q2, and all that within a situation where COVID cases are increasing dramatically. One thing to keep into account before I talk about all the good things that management has been doing is that the composition of our product range in Brazil is fundamentally different from a Mexico or what we call VACAM , which is Colombia, Peru, Chile and Central America. Those Mexico and VACAM have a very important share of their business is driven by gum and candy. And as a consequence, they suffer more in this crisis. Brazil has a bigger biscuits and chocolate business, and they're doing quite well, increasing market share. We've stepped up investments. We've also improved our customer service. I think the team also has increased or improved their internal process in a big way, made the business much simpler to manage. They've brought in some extra talent. So yes, clearly management is driving a change in the way the business is operating and it's showing in the results. I would say for the other businesses, the problem is different from what we had in Brazil. We were not performing in the Brazilian market in biscuits and chocolate. It's largely in Mexico and VACAM, we need to make sure that the gum and candy business comes back. And so we will see how that goes. We see it come back step by step, but it's going to take a while.
Robert Moskow: Okay, a follow up on chewing gum. Is there any kind of earnings dilution number in your head that you would find acceptable, if you were to divest your developed market chewing gum business? And also how would you go about splitting it up that by keeping your brands in DMs and also, if you were to divest, exit the brands in DM, in developed markets?
Dirk Van De Put: I can let Luca maybe talk about the dilution that. Our developed market business is not that big and he can talk about that. But splitting it up, I don't think is from a brand perspective, a major issue, it exists with many brands that one company owns a brand in one area and then owns it in another area. It's probably a little bit more difficult but doable, as it relates to the supply chain and where the products are being produced. But we think that those factories can stay with the different regions. And then R&D, I think an agreement can always be made that our R&D team continues to provide service and any innovation we do on our brands in one part of the world, we can extend that to the other part of the world, if needed. So I think from an operational standpoint, splitting it up, it's doable. It's not - I mean, it's not a walk in the park, but it's something that I think our teams can manage quite well. Luca?
Luca Zaramella: I think on dilution, quite frankly, it is a little bit premature to talk about what it could be. I mean, we are assessing multiple options and even within certain scenarios, it might be not an outright sale and so we have multiple options ahead of us. And quite candidly, we are assessing all of them. So we haven't decided yet. It is 2% of the business, 5% overall, 2% when you look at only emerging market. And we believe, in general terms, that if we had to go down the path of a sale of the business, the increased focus and the outcomes that we could drive through our existing biscuits and chocolate business will overtime offset and obviously, we're not going to sell anything below the key value. Those are key fundamental principles that we apply all the times and we will apply even this time.
Robert Moskow: Thank you for the color. Appreciate it.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dara Mohsenian: Hi, guys.
Dirk Van De Put: Hi, Dara.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So a couple questions. First, you mentioned your ability to price to offset higher commodity costs. I'm wondering if the pressure continues to build incrementally on those fronts going forward. Can you talk about your ability to take pricing in emerging markets where in theory, there's a weaker consumer post-COVID and just how you think about that on a regional basis in some of the key emerging markets relative the pricing power in developed markets in the US and Europe?
Luca Zaramella: Yeah, maybe I'll start. So I think we are overall starting with a position of strength in our franchises. We have invested quite a bit in the last few years with our consumers and our customers and we are delivering value for both consumers and end customers overall. We have a strong portfolio of brands. We have invested in working media in - that is going double digit, sales execution, route to market and in capital in our facilities. Having said that, there is higher inflation in the marketplace and if you look even at this quarter, the composition of pricing and volume, pricing is a little bit more pronounced than it has been historically. So we are pricing more and we are pricing away inflation. We are not necessarily going all the time with least price increases, we use a lot of revenue growth management techniques within the company. Those provide a better impact for consumers an elasticity. We will protect pre-price points, particularly in emerging markets. And that price-backed architecture is a key element of price increases throughout both emerging markets and developed markets. We are clearly optimizing promo spending. We are optimizing mix, mix is still negative in quarter one because of gum and World Travel Retail. But when you strip that out, and you look at biscuit and chocolate, it is better than it has been in the past. And also, we want to improve trade deals ROI. So to cut it short, we feel confident that we can price away inflation. And we are never going for the big bang, depending on what the current situation is in terms of commodities and ForEx. But it is a gradual implementation of pricing over time. And obviously, given where we stand in terms of overall inflation, as we go into next year, we would have to price.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay, that's helpful. And then from a market share standpoint, it looks like the momentum continued in Q1 on a two-year basis. Can you give us a little more of a near term update of what you're seeing in March and April, as you cycle some of the incremental share gains from last year? And are you seeing any competitive response in the marketplace to the share gains you've seen recently? I guess indirectly that ties the first question around pricing but I'd be curious for competitive response and what you're seeing from competitors. Thanks.
Dirk Van De Put: Yes. So overall, I would say, for this year, we are expecting modest gains on the back of the very strong gains that we had last year but we do expect to continue to increase our market share. In Q1, on a global basis, we continue to increase our share, not as strong as last year, but still quite good, more than then it has been in the past. Of course, as we get into March and April, and in some countries, we don't have the full results yet. That's where we start to lap some of our largest step up in share gains that we had last year. And so it's a bit too early for us to say how that's going to pan out. But overall, we do expect a good year. And the reason being is that some of the things we're doing, like distribution increase, execution against seasonals, increase in our investments, the ROI you're seeing on some of our marketing is all pointing in the around - sorry, in the right direction. And so we believe that the basis there is to continue gaining shares. Another one that I didn't mention but there is increased penetration of our brands. In the last 12 months, we have about 150 million households globally that are now consuming our products. So I don't think that's going to go away right away and that is going to be the base that is going to help us to continue to gain share. We think it's more helpful since we have a big step-up last year and we will in some markets give back a little bit, I'm assuming in the coming months. So I think the net result of the two years is what is most important. That's why we thought it would be better to start showing the two-year cumulative share. As I said before, we have all the right things in place. We saw in a continuation of that in Q1 and we think that we still will have a good year.
Dara Mohsenian: Great, thank you so much. It is helpful.
Dirk Van De Put: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: So I wanted to just follow back up on the question around - the questions around portfolio and the gum business and I guess two questions there. First one is just the slide where you've, you've talked about a billion dollars of revenue from the acquisitions, are they're contributing a billion of revenue? Can you give us a sense of just what the profit contribution is and where - maybe where that stands relative to what you thought you were when you made the acquisition, just trying to get a better understanding of just how accretive it's been to returns or contribution to profit growth?
Dirk Van De Put: Yes, so the - I would say, the group of acquisition is all along strategy, but it's very different of where in the development these different brands are. So the profit contribution is largely depending on how big and where we are in the development. So to give you the two extremes, potentially Give & Go, mature business, strong profitability, growing high single digits in the first quarter, so a big contribution to our profitability. On the other spectrum, I would say, Hu, smaller brands, still investing in getting distribution, in getting the brand build up. Huge potential, biggest or fastest selling chocolate brand in Whole Foods, but we need to build up distribution, so for the time being, we probably going to run a loss on Hu, as we build up the brand. All the other ones, I would say, if I think about Perfect Snacks, Grenade, and Tate's, they all have strong EBITDA, in line or above with the EBITDA of the company. And they are in sort of the 100 million to 150 million mark in sales. And so they all have huge distribution opportunities, which we are continuing to build with them. And so our expectation is that they are profitable, that they will contribute to our overall profitability but that's not the main role, their main role is to grow as fast as we possibly can. So hopefully, that gives you an idea how we think about it.
Bryan Spillane: Yeah, that's helpful. And then, Luca, maybe just the follow up on Rob Moskow's question, as we're thinking about the potential options for gum, just tax leakage or cash, cash tax return or cash returns, because your model has been very effective at existing businesses in a very tax advantaged way over time. And so if you could just kind of maybe give us a little bit color, how we should think about those considerations? Is that - the cost basis in this business goes all the way back to when Cadbury bought Adams, right? So I don't even know what the cost basis is but as we're thinking about exit vehicles, we really think about tax efficiency and maybe those types of structures. And, again, this is a business that could be worth, I guess, a billion and a half or more. So just trying to understand how we should think about cash, the cash inflow potential.
Luca Zaramella: The situation varies upon the structure we're going to use and it will be different between the US and in Europe. I would say, overall, the tax leakage is manageable if we had to go down that path. And I want to reiterate, it's not a foregone conclusion at this point but there will be some tax leakage potentially. Again, in the big scheme of things, I think it is something that we can handle. And it will depend upon the structure we might end up using and how the value is located between Europe and US.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Bryan.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI.
David Palmer: Thanks. You cited how you've been gaining share in most of your business but you also cited that the core category growth has been 3% or so. So it's not too far behind where you have been. In other words, global sweet snacks has been extremely resilient during this entire pandemic. Could you speak to that? Do you think that there's parts? You know, obviously, you've talked about gum and World Travel Retail as being headwind areas, but there might be others that are tailwinds, like, Oreos in the US, for example. Roll it up for us. Do you think that this pandemic has been a net headwind to your business, and something you can get back in future quarters as a tailwind and I have a follow-up?
Dirk Van De Put: I would say the Beauty of our businesses that despite everything that that happened, we're very balanced. And if you look at it, we grew 3.7% last year. We are growing 3.8% in the first quarter of this year. Last year, we saw big gains in biscuits and in chocolate, but we had gum and candy really going the opposite way. We had emerging markets slowing down but developed markets stepping up. So the balance, the net balance, and I keep on referring to that, the net balance has been that in the end for us, there has not been that big of an effect and that continues into Q1. Now thinking it through what's going to happen going forward. I believe that it could probably be a tailwind. And the reason why and I'm talking, let's call it, two years from now, in emerging markets, things will come back, mobility will come back and we see big growth in snacking. This quarter, as they came back, emerging markets were growing close to 10% for us. So I think there is momentum in emerging markets, emerging markets are growing 7% on average over the last two years. There is momentum there. And as they get through COVID and the consumer gets back in into their normal life, I think we will see a benefit to that. In developed markets, I think consumers will use this as a change in the way they live. And they will not spend as much time in the office and they will spend more time at home. And we clearly know that, as a consumer spends more time at home that benefits are categories, particularly biscuits but also chocolate. So if I think about it, not immediately in the next year, because there will still be a lot of ins and outs, but during the crisis, it was kind of a neutral effect. Getting out of it, I think it's going to have a tailwind for us.
David Palmer: Thanks. That's great. And you have such a multifaceted growth agenda. You've talked about a lot of this stuff during the slides, brand bolt-ons, underpenetrated channel push and global Oreo expansion, adjacencies and like. Is there - it's been a kind of a wild year even already with inflation ramping up and you've heard about supply chain disruptions, whatever, and obviously, the COVID cases in some of your emerging markets. Are your plans at all changing about what you are pushing harder on this year in leaning into? And I'll pass it on.
Dirk Van De Put: I mean, overall, we feel that our strategy that we laid out in the second half of '18 still is very valid. We've made some adaptations to it during the crisis. And at the moment we are reviewing it to see if we can build on sort of another level of sophistication and an understanding of what really drives it but the basics are still there. I would say that the areas where we we've been working on, for sure, is simplifying the business more. We have too many SKUs, too many small innovations and so on and that makes life really complicated for our teams and for supply chain, so we've been focused on that. We're also starting to understand our marketing approach better and better. Our brands are really thriving. I think teams have done an incredible job in better understanding purpose of our brands and really then making it come alive. We get great returns on our investments. And so I think we're going to continue that and try to lift that to the next level. As it relates to channels, for sure, we have to adapt our strategy, e-commerce 77% growth in the first quarter after already a big boom last year. So e-commerce, I think in the coming years, will continue to grow very fast. We think discounters is another area that will be important. And we will have to see where the balance between grocery and big stores versus on the go and away from home will pan out, and that might require some adaptations. So I would say, overall, the list of opportunities that we have to grow has not changed and has reconfirmed itself. We might change the sort of the weight or the priority of it, but the ones I went through in the presentation are still very valid. And the enablers of the growth are still very valid and are working for us. So it's more about prioritization than changes to my opinion.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Hello there.
Luca Zaramella: Hi.
Dirk Van De Put: Hi.
Alexia Howard: Hello there. So, first of all, on the last earnings call, I think to remember, gross margins were down, I think about 80 basis points year-on-year and there was some trepidation expressed about how gross margins would develop this quarter. Clearly, they came through better than expected, flat year-on-year on and adjusted basis. Could I ask just what happened that came through better than you anticipated? Was it just pricing relative to input costs in Latin America or was there something more to it? And then I have a follow up?
Luca Zaramella: Yeah, I mean, as we saw inflation spiking, we have been doing a little bit more pricing and optimizing the overall revenue growth management mix and so that's part of the answer. We have delivered the great quarter in terms of productivity. The colleagues that we have around the world working on supply chain have done a remarkable job. And, the goal for us is really to make sure that while protecting all employees around the world, COVID costs are pretty much absorbed by productivity and happy to report that in the quarter, the COVID costs were only inverted commas, obviously $25 million. And then I think overall, when you look at the composition of profitability, we are very pleased with increasing profitability, you see, not only in Latin America, which I think is quite good and that is on the back of our teams in Brazil, for instance, optimizing returns on Easter, that are this year, at historical lows compared to last year. But also and importantly, all the volume leverage that came through EMEA, which is again proving to us if we didn't know that, while this company has tremendous potential in revenue, that revenue, if it comes to the right mix of price and volume, it delivers tremendous upside to the bottom line. And also, as you saw Alexia, in terms of cash flow. So, it was better than we anticipated. I think it was better because again, we priced a bit more, productivities came in strongly, and importantly, particularly in EMEA, but not only volume was strong and it was also the case obviously in EU and in the US when you look at the two-year stock on profit. I think we can call ourselves happy with the delivery of that.
Alexia Howard: Great. And just as a quick follow up. You called out unfavorable mix as a negative on the organic sales growth. Was that specifically just gum related or was it also World Travel Retail, just curious about how those - that mix is likely to develop over time.
Luca Zaramella: Overall, when you look at total mix, it is because of gum and it is because of World Travel Retail. Then obviously, North America commands a little bit higher profitability than other places and obviously didn't go as much as other places this quarter. But overall, I would say when you look at the fundamentals of mix management, we feel quite good, both in chocolate and biscuit, and hopefully gum and World Travel Retail will come back certainly, we will start lapping better numbers in the second part of the year.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Alexia.
Operator: Your next question is from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey, good evening, folks. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Jason.
Dirk Van De Put: Hi, Jason.
Jason English: I think - look, I think you partially answered this in the answer to last question, but I want to make sure I got it right. On EMEA, this is the highest margin I think we've ever seen from that business with substantial growth. If it's all volume leverage, is it fair to underwrite like this is a sustainable profit level, maybe not every quarter, but this is not sort of unusual that we have to reset lower. And then on the flip side, it's been a couple of years since we've seen an EBIT margin below 20% in North America. It sounds like in an answer to Ken Goldman's question like this, whether disruption was kind of a net loss, what drove the margin pressure there? Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: So, Jason, the simple answer on EMEA and the remarkable 37% increase that you saw, it is because we have good profitability in India and China that delivered amazing growth in Q1. When we look at the P&L structure of these two companies, it is a sound P&L that allows for reinvestment. And so that came after we invested more in advertising. And again, I want to stress the fact that emerging markets can be profitable, can be cash accretive and EMEA is the point in time. We come from a place where we have invested in supply chain and we have great state of the art facilities in both India and China, as a specific example. And putting volume on top of it is, is just going to yield great results also going forward. So that's really, when we say emerging markets in action, you look at the EMEA P&L and you realize how that can really come to fruition not only in this quarter, but for the years to come and so it is a structural advantage. We just have to keep on being disciplined in pricing and delivering volume. And I think things will take care of themselves if we continue investing in route to market and Dirk gave you the idea of the opportunities that we still have in these places, whether it is biscuits, for instance, in India or whether it is number of stores in China and chocolate, obviously. I think in North America, I wouldn't get overly concerned about the margins. I think North America obviously this quarter is facing some additional pressure in terms of logistics costs. And you will all know that edible oils, sweet, et cetera, they had been going up in terms of cost. But we are taking the necessary measures to optimize profitability and total dollar delivery a little bit more. Again, I don't want to take away the fact that only two-year average, when you look at the net benefit versus '19, it is still a 17% - 16% OI increase versus the 2019 baseline which again, I think is quite good.
Jason English: For sure. Thank you. I'll leave it there.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Jason.
Operator: And your final question is from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe: Hi, good evening. Thanks for the time here. I know we're getting overtime. I just had two follow on from earlier questions. I want to ask first of all, we think about the organic revenue for the year, it's clear, you're taking a little bit more pricing due to the inflation picking up. As we think about the balance of volume versus pricing, it sounds like price is going to be a larger contributor. Have you given a little more color around how much that could contribute to organic revenue growth for the year?
Luca Zaramella: So we come from a place last year where if you look at the numbers, it was 50:50, I think it will be slightly more. Again, I think we need to look at the fundamentals of how we want to run this company. Volume is integral part of the incentive scheme for the countries and for us obviously at the center and for the regions too. It is clearly a key contributor in places like EMEA where we have tremendous leverage potential. There might be other places where we will have to price a little bit more and there will be some volume consequences. So I think you will see still volume growth, it might be slightly less than what happened last year. And importantly, both volume, market share and gross profit dollars are critical part of the incentive scheme. And so it will be the optimization of the three elements that will eventually determine how much we will deliver in pricing versus volume. Remember, also in the second part of the year, we will start lapping meaningful volume declines in gum and World Travel Retail and the simple year-over-year comparison should have that partially offset potentially by tougher comparisons in developed markets, particularly in North America. So I feel quite good in telling you that the balancing will still be there. Maybe it will be a little bit more tilted to price this year.
Chris Growe: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. Then just one quick follow on. We've talked about high growth segments and adjacencies. Most of your M&A activity has been in the US for those six transactions you outline there. Is there a more heavier focus for you outside the US? You had one recently in the UK, is there - are you looking outside the US for more of that sort of high growth segment or adjacency for the business and that's all I have. Thank you.
Dirk Van De Put: Yes, in fact, we did. In this year, we did three and two were outside of the US; one in Australia, one in Europe. I would say the focus that we have is as much internationally as in the US, there's no clear preference. Probably in the past, things have moved faster in North America than in the rest of the world but we see a good pipeline, good conversations going on. So in the end, you can expect a good balance between the two.
Dirk Van De Put: I think that's it. Well thank you very much for your attention to our earnings. Thank you very much for your investment in the company and for your interest in the company. We obviously look forward to a great continuation of the year and looking forward to talk to you in the coming weeks. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Mondelez International Fourth Quarter 2020 Year-End Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session.  I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides which are available on our website.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Shep, and thank you everyone for joining the call today. I am pleased to share our full year and Q4 results with you. 2020 was a successful year for Mondelez International marked by strong performance even in a challenging external environment. In response to unprecedented conditions caused by COVID-19, we took decisive and swift actions to position the company for continued success in 2021 and beyond and we delivered on all of our financial commitments for the year. I am proud of our achievements and particularly grateful for the efforts of our teams, including those on our front lines who helped us to achieve these milestones. First of all, we sustained the top line momentum we have achieved since launching our strategy in 2018, delivering another year of 3% plus organic net revenue growth. This led to record market share gains as consumers chose our products and made us clear winners in our largest categories of biscuits and chocolate. Despite COVID-19, we continued executing against our strategic growth agenda and increased investment across our business, in particular, in working media and capabilities like e-commerce. We added two very exciting bolt-on acquisitions, Give & Go and Hu, which give us more exposure to fast growing snacking adjacencies. Our continued investments were supported by an effective cost mitigation program that offset many of the COVID-19-related costs and helped simplify our business. In spite of the increased investment and costs, we were able to grow operating income faster than revenue and faster than 2019 through volume leverage and cost discipline.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk, and good afternoon everyone. Our 2020 performance was strong in terms of revenue growth, share gains, profitability and free cash flow. We delivered volume-led revenue growth for the year and the quarter of plus 3.7% and plus 3.2%, respectively. Developed markets grew 4.5% for the year and 2.8% for the quarter, underpinned by strong execution and share gains. Emerging markets increased 2.3% for the year which includes a mid-single digit decline experienced during the height of COVID disruptions. For the quarter, we posted growth of 4.1%. Some additional color on Q4. In developed markets, we continued to see elevated consumption for our biscuits category in North America, albeit growth has slowed down versus first half. In Europe, we delivered strong Q4 in both chocolate and biscuits, consistent with Q3. In emerging markets, we delivered good growth across the majority of our revenue base, including double-digit growth in Eastern Europe and mid-single digit growth in AMEA emerging markets. A small group of markets continue to face economic challenges and headwinds related to higher Gum & Candy exposure. This is predominantly in Latin America, which grew just over 1% in Q4. Overall, we continue to feel good about emerging markets and their future prospects, and in general, they have recovered quite well after the lockdown impacts in Q2. Now on Slide 11 and portfolio performance. This is an important page as it shows how well the vast majority of our business is performing during the pandemic. The strength of biscuits and chocolate, meals and powdered beverages shows that we have an advantaged portfolio with a good geographical footprint and that our execution resulting in meaningful share gains has amplified growth above category rates. Biscuits grew nearly 9% for the year and 7% for the quarter. North America was a big growth driver due to elevated demand and brand investments. Europe and EMEA also delivered strong Q4 results. Oreo was a clear standout worldwide growing double-digits and mainly Local Jewels too posted high growth this year and increased penetration. Chocolate grew more than 3% for the year and 5% for the quarter. This includes nearly 2 points of headwinds from world travel retail in the full year and the negative impact of lockdowns in Q2. But overall, this is a great category to be in, and on top, our brands continue to perform very well both in DMs and EMs and continued to gain share.
Operator:  Your first question is from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Hi, Andrew. Two part question, if I could. First maybe Dirk if you could describe maybe some of the key puts and takes that you see regarding the 3% plus organic sales growth guidance for '21. I'm really just trying to get a sense for the level of visibility and maybe if there is some flex there, given how dynamic the environment remains? And then secondly with respect to Mondelez lapping some of the significant COVID costs of last year and benefiting from the initiatives and the accelerated initiatives that you've talked about. I guess would you see room for potential upside to the high-single digit constant FX EPS growth guidance, and if not just curious what the offsets might be? Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay, all right. Thanks, Andrew. So the 3% plus for next year. The first thing that we want to keep in mind is that it's very difficult to predict what's going to happen. While I think we delivered quite nicely on our financial commitments in 2020. Under the surface, there was a lot of puts and takes and it looks like that environment at least for the first half will continue. So it's very early in the year, we will see what happens with the vaccines and the mobility of the consumer and the at-home consumption in emerging markets. So we don't want to get ahead of ourselves. We do feel confident enough to say that this will be a third consecutive year of delivering on-algorithm, and as you might remember, that is a significantly step up from where it was before 2018. If I break it down, as Andrew asked, the tailwinds that we see is, first of all, the biscuits and chocolate categories are performing very well, and on top of that, we have broad-based significant share gains. So despite lapping that in 2020, we believe the categories will continue to perform well and that we will still continue to gain market share. The second tailwind, I would mention is that, we have very solid momentum going into '21. Our H2 growth rate was above 3% and so we see that continuing. In H2, we also invested quite heavily, that would be the third tailwind for me, with a big step up in working media, we are going to continue to do that in 2021, so that should also give us a push. And then, we can't neglect that we will be lapping a weak year in Gum & Candy, in world travel retail and some of the smaller emerging markets, so we believe that that will help us also. As it relates to headwinds that we will see, I would separate them in geographies, channels and categories. To start with the categories, for us, it's about the Gum category and how fast that category will come back, it's largely based on mobility of the consumers, we haven't seen much movement in the second half of the year, so we are not assuming that there will be a big movement in the first half of next year or this year, sorry. So we want to plan prudently there. As it relates to channels, it's about world travel retail and on-the-go consumption. And for the time being, we've also assumed that in the first half of the year that is not going to come back at a very high rate. And in geographies, we feel that the BRIC markets and other larger emerging markets are performing well and we see them quite nicely coming back in Q4, but there are some smaller markets like Mexico, LATAM, North Africa, where we will likely be challenged for a while longer largely because they have a big gum business. So I would say at this stage, we feel comfortable with 3% plus. We will see how the situation evolves, but we want to be, yeah, we don't want to get ahead of ourselves and see how the first quarter comes along.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks very much.
Shep Dunlap: The second question. I might hand over to - thank you, Andrew. The second question, I'm going to hand over to Luca about the EPS and what we see there.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Thank you, Dirk. So maybe let me step back for a second and give you the key puts and takes on the profitability line. We count in 2021 on continued volume growth and the leverage effect that is associated with that. You remember, that in our algorithm, volume is, together with pricing, a critical component. We want to continue to be disciplined in our pricing approach and we will leverage all elements of, what we call, revenue growth management to offset what these relatively higher cost inflation than what we saw in 2020. I said quite a few times that inflation in 2021 will not be materially different than previous years, but it is moderately higher than what we saw before. And there are certain peaks around currencies, commodities, I mentioned a few times, cocoa, grains are expensive cost types and certain transportation costs and packaging. So we are good for most part of the exposure that is well covered. So I don't expect this situation to spiral out of control, but reality is, as Dirk said, there'll be top more cost pressure. On the other cost lines, we will continue to deliver productivities in line with what we have seen in the last couple of years. COVID costs will be more moderate in 2021, we called out that there will be roughly one-third of what we incurred in 2020. And most of the emerged stronger benefits will carry through 2021. The degree of freedom, so to speak, Andrew is against investment. And whether we deliver better profit, we will take that upside and we expect to invest even on top of what we had at the current level into 2021 as we really want to sustain share gains and make strides into the strategic agenda that we have. On tax and interest. I think we have been fair in terms of assumptions and hopefully that were clear. So I think high-single digit EPS is what we are going to get. I think importantly on cash flow just to round up the answer, we have to pay some taxes related to coffee transactions and what we call a $3 plus billion is actually an underlying free cash flow that is roundabout $3.5 billion. So good numbers also there that clearly rely on profitability and continued working capital management.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Thanks, everybody. I wanted to ask about the guidance about or regarding currency being a $0.10 tailwind to the bottom line this year. I just wanted to make sure I understood is that $0.10 what you're expecting to flow probably through to the bottom line, is that the maximum possible and you may reinvest some of that. I just wanted to get a better sense of how we should think about modeling that, just given your history of sort of reinvesting those additional earnings, so to speak?
Luca Zaramella: Yes, I'll start and it is translation and it is based on current spot rates. So whether they stay here or they improve or they worsen, we are not going to change our stance on the investment posture. At this point in time, the $0.10 is pure upside to EPS.
Ken Goldman: I'll follow up offline on that one. And then my second question is, I was a little surprised to see the guidance for $2 billion in share repo. I know that's flexible, but you do have, I think, $3.5 billion on the balance sheet, you're expecting to generate another $3 billion. Why shouldn't we look for a little bit more aggressive buyback in 2021 and what that $2 billion implies?
Luca Zaramella: Because we keep guidance consistent in terms of what we say in terms of EPS and share buybacks, you are right. We're saying that provides us great flexibility, should cash flow be better, should we decide to do something more with our coffee and might not have some acquisitions coming along, we will be flexible and we fine tune the number. I think the way you have to look at it is should the circumstances stay the same as today at least we will do $2 billion.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers: So I mean - this question maybe for you, Luca, I don't know, but I guess I was looking for a little bit more of a bridge in the year-over-year moving gross margins in the quarter? And then as a follow-on what you're assuming about those moving parts into '21 because in the end, what I'm really trying to understand is, I know you don't manage the gross margin, but it seems with the inflation that is building even as you catch up on pricing versus inflation dynamics in Latin America, as you mentioned, it seems like the gross margin being up in '21 could be ambitious. So I'd love some color around that. And if you don't think you can improve gross margins, you are not planning on it, then I guess that also curious as to what the sources of G&A efficiency might be in the coming year that will enable the EPS flow through as well as the higher working media investments that you called out?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. So clearly in the cost line, there was an impact due to COVID extra costs. And I think when I look at the year and I strip that out, what I can tell you is that overall gross profit and gross margins, they were pretty much in line with expectations. There is a big catch and the catch is the fact that particularly Gum & Candy suffered a decline that was around about 20%, that category is a category that is quite profitable and stripping out 20% of the volume in 2020 resulted in a sub-scale type of category with under absorption on a few P&L lines. In that regard, what I would say is, if I take out COVID and Gum & Candy, I think the level of profitability is sound. We have a couple of things that we need to bear in mind, we were afraid that we would have a subdued Christmas season which didn't happen. We had record high shares in Christmas but we spent a little bit more in making sure that the stock was rotating, that's one impact. And the second thing is, we haven't fully implemented pricing actions in quite a few places around the world as we run out of coverage particularly in Latin America, the exchange rate impact was quite material and we priced ahead of running out of coverage and we will price afterwards in an attempt to know what consumer prices are. So in structural terms, I would say that there is nothing that is concerning me at this point about gross profit. I think you will see a P&L that makes sense in 2021. The level at which we will see gross profit in 2021 will obviously depend on the level of recovery of Gum & Candy, which happens to be something that we don't fully know of and we don't fully control. But in terms of structure, I think gross profit is sound, we have announced pricing actions around the world. We have visibility to the commodity pipeline for the vast majority of it and ForEx recover. We delivered excluding COVID costs, sound productivities in 2020. We count on the same level in 2021. And by the way, when I look at the overhead line, excluding A&C, we did a terrific job in 2020 reducing overhead by almost 50 basis points and we want to continue cost pressure and keeping the costs in control. So from my side at this point, I would say, I feel overall good for 2021 GP, there might be a little bit of timing effect in Q1.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Thank you for sliding me in and congratulation for successfully navigating a pretty crazy year behind us. Let's hope this year is a little less crazy. It's - thank you so much for the incremental color or all the details you've given about the underpinning assumptions here at your guidance. Based on the conversations I have with investor is I'm guessing the one area of debate that sort most hotly debated is your comment on sustained share gains next year. There is a lot of people who look at your market share performance this year and believe there is a degree of transitory benefit from the reality that you have a DSD organization versus a North America DSD against some others with warehouse allowing superior service levels, I mean the scale of your supply chain also once again allowing superior service levels and that those benefits naturally unwind and you're going to see share pressure in North America or Europe or some of these DMs where you gained so much. What do you think is - where do you think that argument is fault so or the way we get asked what gives you confidence in your ability to sustain those share gains next year?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. I would say, there is a number of arguments. The first one is, if you look at the share gains that we incurred in the second quarter of '20. And then you look at what happened in Q3 and Q4, we - our share gains didn't fade, they remained quite strong, and so we could already have expected that sort of effect that you are describing, Jason, in Q4 of this year. The largest categories that we are in - continuing to shine and our performance in there is pretty good. It's not just our gains with our DSD system in the U.S., but we have 80% of our revenue base around the world where we are gaining and holding share plus the share gain itself is quite substantial. The share gain in '20 was much higher than in 2019 where we also had a share gain. So if I look going forward, what are we going to do to make sure that effect doesn't happen? First of all, we have investments and then are substantially going to increase into '21, our financial equation can afford it, you've talked a little bit about that we constantly reinvest whatever we would over-deliver in our bottom line, and for the time being, we are planning to continue to do that in order to push our growth up. Second, we are having some very good channels effect particularly e-commerce. We are also preparing to move very fast away from home, which will give us a boost, world travel retail and also convenience stores. So that will also give us an extra boost and we will make sure that we move faster than anybody else there. Our customer service is good and it's very good. We had our supply chain perform really well, but there is still room for improvement because it was good in the times of COVID, it was not as good compared to normal time. So we think we will still have an upside from our customer service. And then we are doing a lot of work on RGM in order to protect our key price points and retain consumers. We've gained a lot of new consumers into our brands. We were quite curious to see what was going to happen again in Q3 and Q4. We were able to retain them and we're counting to be able to do that again into next year. And then we have a very strong program probably the strongest that I've seen since I'm here in innovation and also in activation. So because of all those reasons, I feel pretty good about our opportunity to come - to continue our momentum in market share going forward.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dara Mohsenian: So the clarity on market share was helpful. I was just wondering could you parse down the 2021 organic sales growth you are expecting. How much market share gains are you expecting after the strong gains we saw in 2020? Is it a similar magnitude, it sounds like maybe perhaps it's continuing but smaller? And then second just on category growth, are you expecting an acceleration in category growth overall in 2021 relative to 2020. Obviously, there were some areas like gum or chocolate and travel retail that were down, significantly there are other areas like biscuits that improved sequentially in 2020. So just sort of curious for overall category growth? How are you thinking about that growth in 2021 relative to 2020 and if you see any acceleration there overall?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, I would say, as it relates to organic sales growth and share gains, we are planning to continue share gains, but not to the magnitude that we've seen in 2020. We don't communicate on the magnitude, we just give the countries where we have gained or increase our market share, but we expect that the share gain will be of a lesser magnitude, I can tell you that and I think it's a reasonable assumption. As it relates to the category growth rates, in the measured channels, it was 3.1% for 2020 which was a slight decline versus 2019 where we saw a 3.6%. And then of course you have the unmeasured channels, which were declining like away from home and world travel retail. So likely if you would add those channels to it, you were probably looking at the total growth very, very minor growth and most of our outperformance of the category was driven by our market share gains in 2020. I think in '21, what we are expecting at least is some reversion to the norm with the customers going back into the unmeasured channels from the measured channels, and so as the restriction ease, so that the - that will mean that the measured channel growth will slow next year, but that the combination of the two will remain about the same, maybe slightly less. And so we don't have to count on as much share gains to get to the growth that we are talking about. I hope that's helpful.
Dara Mohsenian: And then just one other question on the A&C line, clearly you guys ramped up in the second half of the year after a pullback in the first half. Did - I'm wondering did you see the same efforts in terms of increased ad spend generally from competitors? How are you feeling about your share of voice in the marketplace on the ad spend front in the back half of the year and leaving 2020? Thanks.
Dirk Van de Put: I don't know, if Luca wants to say something about our investments, but as it relates to competition, I can quickly comment on that. Yes, they are also increasing their spend, so I would say that our share of voice has remained about the same. And everybody has done a little bit the same, I would say, didn't spend that much in Q2 and came back in H2. So I don't see any major differences there, but I cannot predict what's going to happen in the beginning of the year, I just know what we are about to do. So maybe Luca you want to talk a little bit about our overall investments.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. So in terms of investments, Dirk, you are right, we stepped it up particularly in the second half, but I think you've seen the material we called out that working media is growing 17%. We plan to keep the same level of increases in 2021. So we are building on a continuous investment in working media which importantly comes together with improved ROI, which means high quality media we are putting behind our brands. We are investing more in digital, which in general terms commands a little bit more ROI than other regular channels. And third, again the essence of diverting nonworking media into working media improves the overall spending ROI. So there is a compounded effect between increasing investment and having a better return on what we spend. And again, I think we said it well, when we look at market and share in Q4 we didn't slow down overall for the company, and what that means, is that, yes, we had clear advantages in terms of supply chain at the beginning of the crisis, but as the situation normalized for us and for other competitors, people continued to favor our franchises to others. And I think one of the drivers is clearly the fact that we have invested more, that we have more meaningful innovation and that we are activating effectively at point of sales.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Couple of quick ones from me. First, Luca, I don't know if I missed it or not, but did you give guidance for '21 on capital spending?
Luca Zaramella: No, I didn't, but I think it is 3.5%. That's the number you have to have in mind.
Bryan Spillane: And then again second one just with regard to kind of modeling out revenues for 2021, in 2020 emerging or developed markets grew faster than developing and emerging markets. I mean in particular you grew over 8% in North America. So we're kind of thinking about contribution and that balance in '21, would we expect that to flip, are you expecting emerging - developing and emerging to grow faster than developed? And then second, North America, given how strong that comp is, is that something that actually grow off of in '21?
Luca Zaramella: We usually don't provide segment guidance and I would like to stay away from that, but I think the - what you are saying makes sense. Now I think you have to bear in mind that within developed market, Europe wasn't stellar in Q2, that Europe has world travel retail in it that got a material impact. So I expect Europe to grow. I think in the case of North America, obviously, we are lapping a 13%, 11% I believe respectively in Q1 and Q2 so that would be the toughest comparison. But then in the second part of the year, numbers are easier and hopefully as gum comes back, we will have a positive impact. We are putting together and we have put together actually quite good plans for the three acquisition platforms that we acquired in the last few years. And so I think there is more to come from North America in developed markets, but I wouldn't draw the conclusion that it is all bundled together because North America grew double-digit in the first half. In emerging markets, again, I'm really happy about what I'm seeing. China grew nicely in Q4, almost double-digit, it was just shy of double-digit. India grew more than 10% so did Russia. Brazil grew high-single digits so I'm positive about the evolution of developing markets overall. Clearly, there are some of them particularly in Latin America that are impacted by Gum & Candy. But again as we start lapping Q2 numbers, that should be better. I think as you step back and you look at 3.1% category growth in 2020, we have always said categories will grow 3% or so. I think you should expect the same type of category growth with all the puts and takes, clearly, biscuit being a little bit lower but Gum & Candy being much more positive, you should expect category growth in the neighborhood of 3% and on top of that towards shares.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Baumgartner: Luca, two part for me. First off, reinvestment has been a big theme behind the top line improvement over the past two years and again here in 2021. And I'm wondering if you could speak to what's driving the higher return on spending for media investment. How much do you attribute to just straight cost improvements from agency consolidations and then how much from other aspects, whether it's better quality programming from the local first or even better in-store activation that better leverages that media spend?
Luca Zaramella: Yes, maybe I'll let Dirk take this one. I mean I have a point of view, but I think Dirk is the expert here. So yeah, Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, first of all, we have been shifting around in our A&C budget. What we've done is we have increased our working media and the balance was, to my opinion, a little bit off. So the net effect in media has been significant, as Luca was commenting in last year, and we have continuing that effect in '21. On top of that, we are increasing our overall budget and so we have increased the percentage of A&C of net revenue in '20 and we're going to do the same in '21. The third driver of our increased ROI is a bigger switch to digital. So we are now well above - 50% of our investment is in digital and we know that we can drive a much better effect and much better targeting of our consumers. And then the last effect, I would say, for our increase in ROI is the fact that we've done a lot of work on our brands, worked on purpose, we worked on communication, we have done a number of things that really have had a big effect, call it, Oreo, Cadbury, Milk, really some big strides, for instance, to mention the Lady Gaga Oreo that's going to hit stores today. I think that's generating a lot of buzz and we've done many of these things. There is some effect, but it's minor, well minor is maybe a big word, it is not the biggest driver on agency rationalization, if I can say it, and some margin negotiation. So there is some of that in there, but that is not - certainly not the biggest driver of what we've done.
John Baumgartner: Thanks Dirk. I'll look for the Lady Gaga. I appreciate that. And then secondly, just a follow-up there. Going back to FX, we've seen FX headwinds for a number of years now and I'm curious, to the extent that those may now reverse in your favor for translation yes, but also maybe even driving some trickle down benefits operationally where maybe you'll leave some of them to take pricing in foreign markets. To what extent do you think the market doesn't fully appreciate the potential benefits from that on EPS or even volume growth in your stock valuation?
Luca Zaramella: Yeah. Thank you, John, for the question. Clearly, we leave it to the stock market to determine the fair value of Mondelez. But let me provide some perspective. The pickup of $0.10 in EPS due to translation clearly adds to be great progress we have made as a company I believe over the last three years. And it is fair to say that while the valuation has improved in the last three years, we still stand behind in terms of peer average and best in class. And so that gap hopefully over time will close. When I consider the brands that we have, the geographic portfolio, the category exposure, our track record over the last three years, I would say, that we are well positioned and I would assume that over time that should be reflected in our valuation and the same conclusion quite frankly is with some of the parts. So I think when I step back and I look at the quality of EPS, the $0.10 of EPS that we're adding at current spot rate, I think there should be upside, but obviously I leave it to the market to decide. I think you had also a point about transaction ForEx, what we call transaction ForEx, and that clearly transaction ForEx is a benefit for all the businesses we have around the world. But remember, we are covered entities embedded into the guidance we gave. So hopefully, I addressed a couple of points you were asking.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe: I just wanted to ask you, if I could and I have just been following on the discussion you've had around costs and pricing. I guess just from a high level, do you expect pricing to offset inflation for the year, you did talk about pricing kind of catching up with costs? And then just to think about would pricing as it's been typical represent roughly half of your organic revenue growth for the year, would that be a reasonable assumption for the year?
Luca Zaramella: Yeah. Maybe there would be a little bit more - a slightly more component of pricing, given the fact that, as we said, there is a timing effect in Q4 that should be fully recuperated into 2021, but I don't think it is going to be a major one, I think the 50-50 split is still something that is plausible, maybe in Q1, it will be a little bit less. I think to your question about are you offsetting all your costs. I think the number one qualifier should be with or without COVID. And without COVID and the fact that COVID is subsiding, we would be fully expecting the cost inflation over time as we enter the year and as we get close to the end of 2021, I expect the run rate of gross profit to be at the same level as we would have been without COVID, so that has always been the intention. Over time, we want to be price disciplined, we will price our inflation and we believe that is one of the building blocks of us being able to invest more in the company.
Chris Growe: Okay, thank you for that color. And then I just had a quick follow on. You've talked about implementing a pretty meaningful SKU reduction program. And I just want to get a sense and maybe perhaps this fits in with that answer, but does that provide - is that occurring as you expected and is that a of volume weight for the year, but you're seeing a much better mix improvement, I just want to get a sense of where we stand on the SKU reduction program?
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Yes, the short answer to that is, yes. We are on track and it's really part of a broader simplification program in order to drive both top line and bottom line. So it's a reduction of SKUs, reduction of the number of innovation initiatives, we are doing bigger innovation initiatives and then also a strategic review of our brands. We are aiming for 25% reduction in every region, there is no SKU to one category or another. And so in the sense that what we have stopped manufacturing so we don't make any more - we've already achieved a double-digit reduction in '20, I need to take into account for instance that in Europe those changes can only be done in the first quarter of the New Year so they are going to do their SKU reductions right now. And we also have to do reduction right now because we are protecting our shelf space and try to minimize waste. And so we will - going forward once we reach the level we were aiming for - to keep the lower SKU count and we're going to apply a very strict one-in one-out approach to new products. We - important to mention is probably that we are not expecting any negative top line effect since this 25% only represent 2%, 3% and keeping our shelf space we should be fine. And going forward, there is a number of benefits as it relates to less complexity in manufacturing, for instance, better customer service, reduction of our inventories. And so we - and also more sales we - which seems to have more space for our top selling SKU. So it's going to support the delivery over the long-term algorithm. It won't be transformative from a margin perspective to our opinion though. It will help, it will improve, but it's not that you will see a massively improved gross margin.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Rob Dickerson: Thanks so much for fitting me in. Dirk, I guess this is a broader question kind of just in terms of portfolio position going forward, obviously you continue to do very well with the brands that you have, but at the same time we've seen some new innovation with gluten-free cookie, gluten-free Oreo recently and then obviously the full acquisition of Hu, you continue to call out that well-being, sustainability is obviously a focus. One could argue that kind of over time even if your core brands to do well, but there's still a lot of opportunity in distribution opportunity kind of more in that kind of well-being side. So just kind of, maybe if you could just spend a little time just providing some color kind of how you think about that internally, how do you leverage your capabilities in R&D survey work, what have you to kind of always make sure that you are on trend going forward with the brands you have, but now also with the new brands and then maybe if you could kind of tie-in then how you will also be thinking about go forward acquisition opportunities kind of, of course of the core or still kind of maybe a little bit broader on the well-being side? And that's it. Thanks.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. It links in a little bit with that question about SKU. So the way we look at it is if we launch new SKUs or new sub-brands or new brands or by brands, they need to have a certain level of sales right now and they need to have the potential to grow to a certain level. So as you do that analysis, there is certainly an amount of health and wellness in that mix, but it certainly wouldn't be, to be honest at this stage, the majority of what we do. Every year, it's more, but we are trying to very carefully manage the balance between more indulgence and more health and wellness to - over time in order to keep our mixed growth rate, if I can call it like that, because what you have is that health and wellness is growing faster but it's smaller. And so if you look at mixed growth rate, we need to do both and at the moment we need to do a lot more of indulgence. As it relates to how we are thinking about it from an innovation, R&D and an acquisition perspective, clearly, we want to continue to increase our exposure to health and wellness. And particularly if we think about the next 10 years, let's say, I do expect that that mix shift between indulgence and health and wellness will continue to balance more and more versus health and wellness, we will accompany that mix and so we need to launch more and acquire more in that sense. The big areas that we are looking at internally with our R&D team and also externally is, one is an example of Oreo gluten-free, has to see with the ingredients, the nutritional composition, what can we improve, how can we gradually get products that the health-conscious consumers are more interested in. So it's sort of an upgrading of our current portfolio. And then we do have a number of products in market very, very small tests with products we developed our sales in-house, completely new, breakthrough type of products, new brands that will take time to develop, but we are also in there and that goes much further than sort of cleaning up your ingredient or improving your ingredient panel. And then the we use mainly acquisitions to really take a big foothold in some of the big health and wellness space, so perfect bar is considered one of the healthiest bars in the market, then Hu is very particularly focused on the paleo vegan segment and we will continue to do that in the U.S. and around the world. And those are sort of the big lines of what we have - we're trying to do. There is a number of other areas that are going on, so for instance, portion control we think is part of health and wellness, so over time, we are trying to reduce the portions that we sell or that the consumer consumes, we talked about the better for you credentials but all natural is another one that is quite big, local sourcing in a way the consumer is considering as healthy and then there is of course the functional benefits, energy bites and things like that. So what I would say the big groups of what we are focused on health and wellness were the ones that I was going through before. But yeah, you will see a very balanced approach and gradually introducing more health and wellness products from our side.
Operator: And there are no more questions at this time.
Dirk Van de Put: I think that's the end. Yes, sorry go ahead.
Operator: And there are no more questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Dirk Van de Put: I was jumping the gun here. Well, thank you very much for your time, your interest in the company. We feel good where we've ended 2020. We feel good about 2021. We have momentum. We feel we are coming from a position of strength. And so we hope to be able to provide you some good news as we go through the year. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Mondelez International Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelez' management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website, mondelezinternational.com/investors. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the Company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. As we discuss our results today, unless noted as reported, we'll be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures, which adjust for certain items included in our GAAP results. In addition, we provide our year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis, unless otherwise noted. You can find the comparable GAAP measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of our slide presentation. In today's call, Dirk will provide a business update then Luca will take you through the financials and our outlook. We will then close with Q&A. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Shep, and good afternoon. We are very encouraged by our performance in the third quarter. Our execution was strong. We continue to accelerate our strategic initiatives and all of our regions were in growth. Our teams have been resilient and focused and we continued to prioritize safety during Q3, as we will for the remainder of the year. We continue to manage successfully through uncertainty and COVID-related challenges. And as a consequence we are outperforming our categories, continuing to gain significant market share. While our category outperformance is in most markets around the world that are very diverging markets in category situations, depending on how they are affected by COVID dynamics. Our largest categories biscuits and chocolate continue to perform well. Gum is still under significant pressures due to changes in consumer mobility and habits. And Candy while initially under pressure also improved. Meals and powdered beverages continue to do as well. Demand remained elevated in developed markets and we saw sequential improvement in emerging markets. In developed markets where more of our business is in the grocery channel and our Gum business is also smaller, we continue to be good momentum. In emerging markets, the majority of our markets grew in Q3, including key markets such as India, China, Brazil and Russia. But conditions do vary and some markets are still challenged, particularly where our portfolio skews towards gum and candy or where our sales are mostly in the traditional trade, which is mainly in Latin America, the Middle East and Africa. Our long-term growth strategy remains unchanged. But during this crisis we have accelerated certain initiatives in order to emerge stronger and build further on our advantage position. First, we are simplifying our business in order to facilitate more growth and reduce costs. Examples of this would be SKU deduction and innovation streamlining. Second, we are accelerating a number of growth initiatives in order to maintain our momentum and build on our share gains. For instance, in H2 we are increasing investment in our brands and commercial capabilities. We've also focused more on momentum in e-commerce and the grocery channel. Third, in order to offset some of the extra COVID-related cost, we have advantage or advanced a number of strategic cost reduction initiatives. We also prioritizing stronger between CapEx projects. And forth, we are rolling out changes in our ways of working and optimizing our organization structures, while strengthening some new more required capabilities. Switching out to slide five. Q3 was a strong quarter across all key metrics. We delivered organic net revenue growth of 4.4%. We are holding or gaining share in over 80% of our revenue base. We had good momentum on share coming into the pandemic. And I'm satisfied that we have sustained share gains beyond the initial phase of the crisis. This demonstrates the strength of our brands and our supply chain. Our gross profit dollars grew strongly at 6%, despite the incremental COVID-related costs. An operating income grew strongly at 10.5%, despite the significant increase in our brand investments. And last, we continue to improve free cash flow generation delivering $1.7 billion year to date, up $0.5 billion versus the same period last year. I'm now on slide six. As stated we continue to believe that our growth strategy is the right one for this environment. Not only do we believe that our strategy is the right one, we have the ambition to emerge from this crisis even stronger than we were before. To do so, we are accelerating certain areas of investment and other initiatives within the current strategy in light of the current dynamics. Let me highlight a few of these areas where we are making strong progress. We are stepping up working media investments behind our brands in the second half of this year. This is possible because we decreased our investments during the second quarter when because of all the issues arising when this crisis just started, it did not make sense to invest. We are seeing good results from this increase in investment, for example, as one proof point, our market share momentum continued in Q3. Also our ROI on these investments has increased significantly. We now ranked in the Top Tier in our industry. An interesting to note is that we are skewing are spent digital even more. For the first time this year we will be spending more on digital than on TV. Another area of great progress is brand equity increases. Our marketing team have successfully adapted our brand communication to the circumstances, some of it is focused on purpose and human connections, others on staying playful while staying at home or some others are about reinforcing hygiene practices. As a consequence our brands are forging stronger connections with our consumers really connecting through their purpose. In another area we are on track to be 75% through our SKU reduction exercised by year-end. Our teams are focused on ensuring, we don't know shelf space or incurred too much waste while increasing sales, reducing inventory and increasing line efficiency. I do want to reiterate that while 25% SKU reduction sounds like a big number, this represents a very small percentage of our revenue. The fourth highlight is that we have successfully implemented cost mitigation programs that we expect to fully offset the COVID-related costs we incur in the second half of the year. While this helps to deliver an on-algorithm year this year, it also supports our plans to continue to increase our investment in brands and capabilities again next year, while continuing to deliver against our financial algorithm. As it relates to our new ways of working, the company is functioning very well in this new reality, with most of our office associates working from home for the foreseeable future. We've also optimized our organization, shifting people to where we need them most like e-commerce,, digital or RGM. Switching to slide seven. While the COVID crisis has been all absorbing, we are continuing to progress even enhance our ESG agenda. This quarter, three areas got particular attention. First of all, we are focused on and making progress against the enhanced diversity and inclusion commitments we made in September. I am particularly pleased with our recent appointment of a New Global Chief Diversity and Inclusion officer, Robert Perkins. Robert will help us increase minority representation in our business, and advise me, my team and the broader company on how to take further action to drive an even more inclusive culture at Mondelez. As it relates to sustainability, we're continuing to invest in creating a more sustainable supply chain for cocoa. We just unveiled a new Global Cocoa Technical Center in Indonesia, which will support sustainable cocoa farming practices, and drive positive change for farmers and communities. And finally, we are developing the sustainable futures investment program to amplify our impact in sustainability areas. Its role is to invest in innovative sustainability, and social impact solutions, mainly in our palm and cocoa growing communities. With these actions, even more so than before, we living our purpose to empower people to snack right. With that, I hand it over to Luca.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk and good afternoon, everyone. Our third quarter performance was strong in terms of revenue grow, share gains, profitability and cash flow. As we exited Q2, we were already seeing signs of improvement in those business units that had been heavily affected by lock downs, and traditional trade grocers. And we were expecting a good quarter with a combination of sustained consumption trying to develop markets, but also returned to growth of our emerging market. We closed Q3 with overall growth of plus 4.4%. Our developed markets deliver a strong organic increase of plus 3.8%, while emerging markets return to more normal levels, delivering plus 5.3%. To provide more color, in developed market as far as North America goes, we continue to see elevated consumption versus pre-COVID levels, or be at lower rates than in Q1 and Q2. And for Europe too, we saw strong mass retail demand across all our key markets. In emerging markets, we saw good growth in 80% of the business unit revenue base, including in large businesses like India, China, Russia and Brazil, as operating restriction is enabling better mobility and access to traditional trade. Although the situation is better in the vast majority of our emerging markets, we expect some COVID restrictions and challenging economic circumstances to continue in parts of Latin America and Middle East Africa, and impacting disproportionately our gum and candy category. Growth this quarter included impacts of trade restocking, as demand spikes in North America and European retail, as well as traditional trade closures in emerging markets resulted in trade imbalances below normal levels as we exited Q2. This contributed approximately one point of growth. Turning to slide 10, Q3 revenue growth was driven by solid volume and pricing, mix was unfavorable due to world travel retail and gum revenues. As mentioned, growth includes approximately one point of pipeline refill. In terms of categories, biscuit continued to experience strong demand. We grow at nearly 8% driven by North America, EMEA and EU, with oil a key contributor and an important driver of our share gains in the category. Chocolate returned to grow at more than 5%. This was aided in part by large chocolate businesses such as India and Brazil, returning to robust growth, not overall. All key markets like the UK, Germany, Russia, Australia, France and Nordics did has a very good quarter. This result also includes nearly 2.5 points of headwinds related to world travel retail. Overall categories doing well and on top we are gaining share. Gum and candy declined double digit, primarily driven by gum, which improved from Q2 lows, but we still facing significant headwinds from social distancing and less out-of-home activity. And these particularly affected in some emerging markets like Mexico and Western Andean. Turning to slide 11, I wanted to spend a moment on e-commerce as this channel has clearly taken on more important. E-commerce revenue grew 78% on a reported basis in Q3, and represents 5% of our revenue base. In our top four market, we grew triple digits in the U.S., close to triple digits in the UK, and double digits in China and France. In some of those markets, our e-commerce share is greater than our offline share, while in others we have more headroom. We see multiple instances of significant e-commerce share gains this year, such as Yes [ph] Biscuit and UK Chocolate. Importantly, we believe e-commerce is driving incrementality as we look to meet and generate additional demand. This is also additive to our bottom line with profitability comparable to our offline business. Building on our existing trends, we are making substantial investments to take this business to the next level. This includes our increased investments in more digital working media, data driven engagement and improved online shopping site, ensuring we had the right packs and the right price, we did packs and bundles and testing new platforms to explore incremental opportunities in [Indiscernible] and direct-to-consumer. Turning to category and share highlight on page 12. Our effort to try meaningful and sustained share gains is succeeding, as strong as execution of our team's trusted global and local plans. And investments in more working media competitive ROIs are continuing to yield very good results. We have add or gain share 80% of our revenue based on the year to date basis. What we've shown this slide is rounded to the nearest 5%. But we were down 3% when compared to the last quarter as biscuits tick down slightly. Biscuits and chocolate were the big drivers once again as biscuits has gained share in 90% of our revenue base and chocolate has gained an 85%. Gum and Candy had gained 45%, notable share gains include the U.S., France, China, Russia biscuits, and UK, Russia and Australia chocolate. Many of the share gains such Yes in China biscuit and UK chocolate are quite significant in terms of their absolute size. Similar to our commentary last quarter, it is important to understand that the year to-date category growth of flat 3.7% doesn't reflect our major channels such as convenience and world travel retail. It also does not include the impact of our real business, which is performing quite well. Now let's review our profitability performance on slide 13. Overall, our profitability was strong in the third quarter. We increase gross profit due to volume leverage and productivity, as well as some promotional efficiencies. Operating income dollars increase more than 10% due to overhead reductions and simplification efforts, which helped offset COVID-related costs of approximately $60 million. COVID cost this year has been totaling so far about $200 million. Importantly, we continue to step up our work in media investment to further strengthen our brand. Stay top of mind of the consumers and position ourselves well going forward. Moving to regional performance on slide 14, North America grew 6.3% driven by elevated biscuit consumption and strong share gains. Ongoing investment in working media and strong DSP execution are helping us to sustain our growth they share gains. Gum was down double digit due to limited on the go consumption occasions. North America operating income increased by more than 18% due to volume leverage and cost control initiatives more than offsetting COVID-related costs and meaningful working media incremental investment. Europe revenue grew 3.4% in the quarter. We saw good category growth in chocolate, biscuits and meals. The breath of growth across key markets were quite impressive. With solid results in UK, France, Germany, Russia, Benelux and the Nordics. In terms of headwind, world travel retail continue to shine while below last year at circa 20% of 2019 revenue, and that as a headwind of more than 2.2 the EU. In terms of share performance, we drove notable share gains with UK, France, Germany and Russia. OI dollars return to grow as solid increases in volumes more than offset COVID-related costs and unfavorable mix. In addition, working media increase in the quarter. EMEA posted growth of 4.2% with growth across most markets as operating restrictions have become less onerous. China grew high single digit, following double digit growth in Q2 with significant share gains in biscuit. India returned to grow with a high single-digit increase for the quarter driven by chocolate and significant biscuit grow and the excellent execution of the team there. Australia, New Zealand and Japan posted low single digit growth. Southeast Asia grew mid single digits in Q3. But we did see some headwinds in certain countries such as Thailand and the Philippines, where towards the end of the quarter category slowed down due to more difficult economic conditions, which are expected to persist in the near term. Our Middle East and North Africa business decline low double digit as the economy there remains pressure. EMEA operating income dollars grew nearly 17% due to volume increases and cost mitigation effort despite meaningful increases in working media. Latin America grew 3.1% behind better results in Brazil, while Argentina grew due to inflation driven pricing. Ex Argentina, Latin America grew by approximately 1%. Mexico declined low double-digit due to a significant decline in gum and candy, which is more than 40% of that business, as out of home categories remained impacted by social distancing. The biscuit business in Mexico posted robust growth. In Brazil, we posted double digit growth in the quarter driven by growth in powder beverages, chocolate and biscuit. Underlying growth was mid single digits when taking into consideration the lapping of the supply chain related issues last year. Gum and candy remained significantly impacted by COVID, posting double digit declines. We feel good about the continued progress of our supply chain in store execution and market in this country. But we know that we have more work to do. Our Western Andean countries posted a decline as COVID continues to impact traditional trade channels. Gum and Candy as a category is down double digit, OI in Latin America grew 11% as pricing, cost containment measures and improve supply chain performance more than offset COVID-related costs. We also benefited from price hedges that are better than current spot rate. Our expectations is that part of Latin America will remain challenging in the near term. Given the restrictions in place and the economic environment in many markets. We remain focused on execution and targeted Investment to drive share gains, as well as cost controls. Now turning to earnings per share on slide 18. On a year to date basis EPS is up 6%, driven mostly by operating gain. Q3 EPS was strong versus previous years without breaking gains of $0.06 and taxes of setting them. I'll now move on to our free cash flow on slide 19. We deliver free cash flow of $1.7 billion through the first three quarters, an increase of almost $500 million versus previous year. Higher earnings more focused CapEx, lower restructuring and strong working capital management with a three day improvement in our cash conversion cycle have drive this result. In addition, deferred tax payments, some of which will reverse in Q4 also positively impacted this result. Moving to our outlook on slide 21. Disability still remains challenging in several markets. But we are providing an updated view of our expectations based on what we know today. We expect full year advantage revenue growth of 3.5% plus, implied Q4 would be broadly in line with Q3 when excluding the feeling of trade stock. We expect overall good EBIT growth in Q4, but below the three levels, particularly as we continue setting up working media, as we face some additional inflation in North America around transportation costs and that in Latin America, we expect the benefit of favorable currency hedges to subside. For the full year, adjusted EPS is expected to grow at 5% plus at constant ForEx. Free cash flow should be approximately $3 billion, ETR should be in the low to mid 20s. And adjusted interest expense is projected to be approximately $350 million. We are also planning to well take our share buyback program in the fourth quarter. Given the business is performing well, cash flow is strong and we have further strengthen our balance sheet. It is not expected to have a significant impact on EPS this year, given proximity to year end. For translation is now expected to negatively impact our reported revenue by approximately three percentage points, and EPS by $0.04 on the year based on current market trades. This is based on current conditions and does not factor in a significant degradation of the operating environment, that could be triggered by material gross and not COVID. This also incorporates the following expectations, a continuing level of elevated demand and in home consumption in certain developed markets, such as North America and Europe must repay. Headwinds in certain emerging markets predominantly in our Latin America region, the Middle East, North Africa, countries and parts of Southeast Asia and of our gum business. Continued weakness in world travel retail. With that, let's open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from the one of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Good afternoon. Dirk, as you pointed out in the prepared remarks, organic sales growth was withdrawn across all regions, perhaps you can maybe take us through your thoughts and how trends look currently in key regions as you enter 4Q? And then as a follow on, maybe you can extrapolate kind of 3Q results into 4Q and whatever you feel comfortable talking about now, regarding 2021 at this stage, because the company will obviously be lapping significant COVID costs, will have incremental brand investment, you'll be laughing, as well as incremental cost savings kicking in, right as you go into next year as well? Thanks so much.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Thank you, Andrew. Maybe what I can do is, is do a little tour, maybe through categories and regions, because the two are quite linked. And then Luca can talk about Q4 and 2021.
Andrew Lazar: Right?
Dirk Van de Put: And so, if you look at the categories, categories are affected by the mobility of the consumers. So, I would say that 80% of our revenue is coming from advantaged categories that are performing very well. And in top in those categories, we have strong Mondelez brands and we are increasing our market share. So biscuits is the main driver at the moment. The demand remains very strong globally. We had high single digit revenue growth in Q3, and we had very strong share gains. Chocolates came back in Q3. It accelerated versus Q2, largely because of some of our emerging markets came back like for instance, India. And the 5% growth that we're seeing in Q3 is despite the world travel retail headwind, which squeezed off two points of the growth of chocolate, and yeah, world travel retail, as you can imagine, at this stage is still lower than 20% of what it was used to be. I think we do see that chocolate grow because we have a very advantaged portfolio which is skewed to at home consumption. In the emerging markets, we have a low unit price. We have good affordability in our chocolate and middle of the road with the right price points. But the one that remains very challenged is gum. We knew that in recessions or in moments that gum is affected, it recuperate slowly, but it's probably recuperating in a bit slower than we would have anticipated. And that has to see everything with the consumer mobility, the 75% of gum consumption is on the go. And even if we're not in lockdown anymore, or unfortunately about to go back to lockdown in Europe, the consumer is still not as mobile as before. And then meals and powder beverages are doing quite well. So if you keep that in mind, and then you go through the regions, and you know, more or less what the mixes of the regions gives you an idea of how we're doing. So North America 80% biscuit, demand of biscuits, as I said, remains very elevated. Our execution has been very strong, very strong share gains, consumers are snacking more at home, still well above the pre-COVID level, not as high as in March and April. But still quite increased consumption. And so, North America is solid. And seeing where we are with COVID and the fact that we probably will get more recommendations to stay at home, we expect this elevated consumption to continue for a while. In biscuit [ph], same in Europe in mass retail, but our business there is more also on the go with away from home. And world travel retail is consolidated in our European number. So apart from that Europe has very strong mass retail. And now that we go back in lockdown, we can expect that to remain like that. And we did see an improvement in the convenience channel in Europe. But as I said before, the world travel retail still remains very soft. And then in emerging markets, two thirds of our markets, which we had already mentioned in the Q2 call bounce back quite nicely. Talking about China, India, Brazil, and some of the European emerging markets like Russia, the Q2 was disrupted, but they're all coming back high single digit growth. At this stage, we do not expect a repeat of the disruption that we saw the beginning of the crisis. I think it's impossible in those countries to do the same sort of lockdowns that they did, because it led to severe economic effects. So we continue to see those markets recuperating with bit bumps, it's not going to be one nice road of birth, that depends a little bit on the local situation and what the government does. But overall, I would expect the emerging markets to gradually keep on improving. And then, there is one-third of our emerging markets that are in situations where the macro effects are more pronounced. On top, unfortunately, those markets are having a high mix of gum and candy in their sales. And so they are severely affected. And those are the ones that that are having more serious problems, talking about Mexico, Central America, talking also about the Middle East and parts of Africa, and also a few countries in Southeast Asia. So that gives you an idea where we are. I think that situation will continue in Q4, and even stretch out in the beginning of next year. I don't see a huge change taking place on the on the regional situations as we see them today. Maybe Luca, you can talk a little bit about Q4 and 2021.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, sure. Hi, Andrew. So building on what they've just said, we had line of sight at this point to as we said, it fully of revenue outlook number that this 3.5 plus percent. And importantly, as Dirk just said, all the underlying trends that have been discussed so far up are probably unchanged into Q4 and certainly as we start November. And that is why we see a Q4 in terms of top line that is 3% or so bro [ph]. As far as EBIT goes Q4 should be another strong quarter, I want to reiterate. That is more in line with that last year growth rate. We will continue investing in working media. We'll see the benefit of that, Dirk alluded to higher ROI and the share gains up there to testify the merit for continuous investment. There will be some effect, but lower than in the past in terms of COVID costs, as well as and we are very pleased with the positive effect of the cost initiatives that we are putting in place. We have put in place as part of the emerge stronger.
.: First of all, we expect to retain our share gains and to continue to invest not only in working media, but in marketing and sales. We've talked many times about the distribution opportunities we have around the world in emerging market as one example, despite COVID costs subsiding into next year, and we emerged stronger initiatives that in our mind will carry the benefits into 2021. We will reinvest the upside in the business to sustain the material share gains that we see potentially to weather and more recessionary environment. Biscuits and chocolate from what we see today will continue to do well. But as you say, we would be lapping some elevated growth in 2020, particularly in developed markets and biscuit. But on the flip side, I think there should be recovery of the most impacted called categories and countries. Talking about costs, commodities and ForEx inflation is in those stock [ph] aligned to what we have seen in the last few years. In some cases, for instance, in chocolate and cocoa, and in some countries, for instance, Brazil, there will be high inflation. But overall, we are in the neighborhood of what we have seen in the last few years. The sum of all of these, again, should lead to a 2021 that should be an algorithm. We will have to stay tuned and I'll give you more flavor and updates as we post the Q4 results. But needless to say that there are still someone knows, like Brexit or the potential tax change in the U.S., or in particular the lapse of COVID. And so I think it is important that we stay agile and we'll talk to you more about the situation if there is evolutional of what we know.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thanks, everybody.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, guys.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So what is impart for you. So, the market share results have been very impressive for you guys this year. And biscuits and chocolate obviously had some momentum pre COVID, but it's ramped up even more during COVID. So just wanted to get your thoughts on the sustainability of Mondelez market share gains as you look out to 2021, particularly as you have to cycle these difficult COVID comps and perhaps how the higher ANC spend might play into that?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. First of all, this quarter, the areas where we are gaining or holding share is at 85%. It's about three points lower than it was the previous quarter. That's minor. And so overall, I would say we've held on to our shares, geographically speaking and in revenue terms very well. What's more important, which we don't report here, but which we know is that the size of the market share gains is quite significant. And it seems some of the more important areas like in China gum or Germany chocolate or biscuits in the U.S., China, Brazil Germany and so on. If we analyze what happened is, in the beginning, I would say, at the beginning of the COVID crisis, it was our supply chain and our route-to-market that partially helped us. Because we saw an increase of our total distribution point. We saw very good customer service level seen the circumstances and, and so on. And we have DSD in some parts of the world. We also know that consumers in this crisis tend to go to trusted brands, they want to feel safe. So they go to the brands they know and trust, particularly the big heritage sort of taste of the nation brands around the world. And then we are accompanying that with increased media, and adapted messaging on our brands, as much as we can to the COVID situation. And that all seems to play very well for us. We've done a number of very successful adaptations of our brands. We can see the equity that we have in our brands increasing. And then the third factor I would say is, since there was more at home snacking, our range that we have in the different categories, our range of products is better suited. We are in more in the classical biscuits and crackers I would say, which is very well suited for home consumption and also in the tablet category of chocolates. And that's really helping us. So going forward with doing a number of actions to sustain those share gains. We increase our working media in the second half. But going into next year, we're continuing to do that same -- the same thing. And so yes, as Andrew was mentioning, we lap a number of things that that will be beneficial for us. We also have some cost pressures, obviously. But we are also increasing again, our AMC investment. Our algorithm allows us to do that. And I think it's critical in a situation where there might be a recession and the consumer might still be a little bit unsure. I think we need to keep on supporting our brands. So we think that will help. We are doing a lot of work on in-store visibility starting Christmas early, probably they'll start Easter early. We've got some very big team activations coming up for next year, some very exciting stuff. And so I feel that we probably have the best activity plan related to our brands that we've had in a number of years coming up for next year. And then we are working very hard on our promotional strategy. We're keeping an eye on value, and any value plus strategy that we need to do like no two-bites or family packs or whatever is needed for the at home consumption. And then the last thing we're doing is that we we've done a number of launches of innovation, innovation in certain countries like an expansion of the Milka spread the launch of the new biscuit brand in Germany and so on. And based on all these things, and the fact that we have momentum and when we seen great connection of our brands with the consumer, we are confident that on top of the elevated level of this year, we can increase our market share further next year.
Dara Mohsenian: Great. Thanks. Okay.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dara. 
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good evening. You have taken down your exposure to joint ventures this year. I wanted to ask a little bit about this. Dirk, you've previously qualified these JVs, maybe a little bit more as investments than core strategic assets. Can you get us how do you see these investments today in respect to maybe some other opportunities you have out there? And does the sort of sale or partial sale of your equity, just say anything about your longer term strategy if anything? I guess I'm just trying to get what's the plan here going forward for some of these assets if you're willing to talk about it? Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Yeah. Thank you [Indiscernible] maybe I'll take that. I mean, we reiterate what we said many times. We remain optimistic about both assets. They have clearly a long term potential. To start with, they compete in a strong categories. They have solid fundamentals as categories and these companies are equipped to get more traction on key trends like on demand coffee as one example only. They are gaining share. They have a clear strategic direction. They are executing quite well. And there are strong management teams that can even enhance the advantage of the categories are in brand that both companies have. So there are all the ingredients in our mind for long term top and bottom line and cash flow potential. We are not able to really to talk specifically about JV and the results so far. But I think you saw a strong quarter for KBP continued momentum, top line between consensus, gaining penetration, strong share momentum, EPS, and really strong outcomes across all metrics, and they continue to be leveraged and create cash flow. So we believe that the value is higher than what the current stock price would say for both companies. And not in consistent with other companies as well in the broad CPG world. We made a series of moves, quite frankly, were more tactical than anything. And if you look at our balance sheet, we have showed the top quite well since the beginning of the year. So on KDP we are comfortable around current levels of ownership. And if we make further trades, there will be at the right value for us and we will try to coordinate with other major shareholders. And on JV, clearly, we are a major shareholders. We own 22.9% of the company. We did welcome the IPO that is giving us an avenue for optionality. And having said that, though, we are committed for the long term success of the company, you might expect some trades from us in the coming quarters that should improve the current limited flow. But we will remain disciplined both in JV and KDP. And under current circumstances, we want to retain the presence in both stocks. So what you have seen recently was more tactical than anything. We took advantage of certain stock price levels. I will remain committed to these companies and we'll did believe in the potential. But as you said over time, we want to replace those with snaking assets.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. So maybe just a follow up on Luca, the comment you made in response to Andrews question related to algorithm next year. And more interested in at this point in cash flow. So I guess two questions around that. One, would you expect that free cash flow would also be or free cash flow of conversion would also be sort of on algorithm. And then maybe connected to that, part of the algorithm has been returning cash to shareholders via share repurchases and dividend increases annually. So, would we expect that that would be part of the equation again in 2021?
Luca Zaramella: So, the straight answer to the last part of the question is absolutely, yes, we remain committed to dividends to what we said several times about dividend growing in excess of EPS. I think the last dividend increase reflects that. Share buybacks should continue absent in a acquisitions or things that at this point might happen or not. And so I will say yes, there should be share buybacks. And final your free cash flow, free cash flow, there is no reason to expect a slow down into next year. Having said that, I think, you know, we went public with JV that reset the base for tax purposes in Europe. And there is a tax component that is going to be track [ph] into free cash flow next year. But I feel like at this point might not be going up from this year, but considering some of the tax one time as I just thought, I think you can think about a three plus billion dollar cash flow unit for next year. That's the plan at this point.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, terrific. Thanks, Luca.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Bryan.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe: Hi, good evening. Thank you. I just had two questions if I could. The first one would just be in relation to the SKU rationalization program. Just want to get a sense of does that start here in the quarter? Does that ramp up in the fourth quarter in the next year? And I guess, I'm also curious like where you see the benefits of that coming through? So as you come behind that with more innovation, is it just better volume growth? Is there mix improvement, that sort of thing? And then just a quick question, if I could on inventory levels, you had some benefit this quarter from shipping inventory. Does that are you back to where you want retail inventories to be or your own inventories? Are there more building to go as we move in the fourth quarter of next year? Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Maybe I'll do the SKUs and Luca can do the inventory. So the SKUs, the timeline on that is gradual, largely driven in the negotiations with the trade. And around the world, there are certain moments you can make these changes. And for instance, in Europe, that moment is the beginning of next year. So we are preparing for it now. But the implementation will only be beginning of next year. So roughly I would say, if you look at it around the world, we should be 75% done by year end. And then the rest would be done in the beginning of 2021. You have to think about this as part of a broader simplification program that is meant to drive both the top line and the bottom line and cash flow. It's a simplification of SKUs, the number of innovation initiatives, and also looking at our brand portfolio. So we do not expect the negative top line impacted. They represent -- 25% represent 2% 3% of our revenue, but we think we will easily replace that with higher velocity on the remaining SKUs will get more shelf space. And then the benefits, as I already mentioned, more sales, we expect our inventories to go down because it's those SKUs that take a lot of the inventory. In manufacturing, it is less complexity, less downtime, fewer changeover. So it gives us a benefit on our costs. And then on the customer side, we give them better customer service. It's going to be easier for them to manage their shelf, and so their costs go down still. So it's just a support to deliver our long term algorithm. This is not meant to be transformative from a margin perspective. But it does help us to deliver on the top and the bottom line and the cash flow of our algorithm. Luca?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. On inventory levels, there are obviously puts and takes. I would say, we got to a more normalized level at the end of Q3. Overall, I think we are in a decent situation. As I said there might be places where we need to do a little bit more other way we are fine. I wouldn't expect if we pick up due to inventory replenishment in the courses to come. And obviously we want to end the year with the right level of inventory as we have always done.
Chris Growe: Thank you for those answers. I appreciate it.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question is from a lot of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Thank you. Just wanted to make sure I understood the implied sales guide for 4Q. It seems like it's below 3%. Year to date year at 3.9%. So just wanted to understand why it might be lower than year to date. And then also can you think more specifics about cost reduction plans, the efficiency plans? It looks like a quarter they work in LatAm and they work in AMEA. And is that where most of these cost reduction plans are going to take place? And if so, does that make it more difficult to capitalize on the growth as they recover? Thanks.
Luca Zaramella: We said it is 3.4% plus on the full year. So the implied growth rate as I said, it is an about 3% for Q4. I wouldn't read too much into different number than 3% in Q4. I also clearly said that there is one point of growth in the 4.4% that you see in Q3. So again, we are not mind so as you think about Q4. Importantly at this point with the right level of trade inventory. And as we look into next year, again, we want to write all the initiatives that will allow us to read here that on our way. I think that's a simple way to think about it. In terms of cost initiatives, I would say they are pretty much across the board. The most stronger initiatives, the initiatives we have taken in terms of designing our cost packages in terms of pushing net revenue growth, in terms of working to reduce non-working media and increasing working media. Those are effects that you see consistently throughout the regions. Yes, there might be regions like the U.S. where or North America where are we read a little bit more in terms of revenue growth management, but overall, again, they are fairly consistent across the board.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Robert.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Hi, there. Good evening. Can you hear me?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Hi.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Two quick questions. Firstly, on immerging e-commerce. You talked about now [Indiscernible] presumably [Indiscernible]. And then my follow up around [Indiscernible] full of a ton coming in for the Yes [ph]. You're talking about a new center I believe. Are you thinking about changing [Indiscernible] sourcing code? Or is about how that strategy? Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Thanks, Alexia. It was very broken up. So I had difficulties understanding what you're exactly as there was an echo somewhere on the line and made it difficult. I think you were asking -- I heard it was about e-commerce, but I don't know what the details were. Somebody did look at the look or maybe you try again.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. I didn't understand the second part of the question at all. I mean, I know the first part was about e-commerce. The second part, I have no clue.
Alexia Howard: Can I try? Can you hear me?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. There still..
Alexia Howard: Let's try once again. Is it clearer now?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes.
Alexia Howard: Yes. Perfect. All right. So on e-commerce, you mentioned that you are under represented in some areas and overrepresented in e-commerce, different regions, obviously, areas where you're underrepresented relative to your motor sales that might be the area where you've got more headroom. Could you just give us an idea of which regions those are where you think there are real opportunities? And then the second question was on cocoa sourcing. I'm just curious about whether you might be changing your regional approach to cocoa sourcing given your -- you put a new center of excellence in Indonesia. Meanwhile, there's coke $400 a ton and cocoa, tax is going in, in some parts of Africa. Are you thinking about changing your regional approach to where you're getting the cocoa from globally? Hopefully, you could hear that better?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, yes. Yes. Now it worked. It was not you it was the technical side of things, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Understood.
Dirk Van de Put: On ecommerce. Yes. First of all, we're seeing a very good growth in e-commerce, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks. Roughly, you could say that our e-commerce headspace is largely in China and in the U.S. The rest, the two other big countries we have are the UK and France. But I would say the biggest gap we have in China, which we are catching up, we're working very hard on that. Overall, we've seen market share gains, largely in most of the areas around the world with the exception of France at the moment. And we've also started to enter into smaller countries. And that is going to give us some extra gain also. Overall though, if you take globally our shares on and offline are similar. So we have some headroom here and there, but then we are over represented somewhere else. So that's a little bit the situation on e-commerce. Going forward, it's about expanding our assortment to meet the channel need. Its about recreating impulse experience. It's about developing our data as it relates to the consumers and getting better connections with them, it's about putting more investment in there. And then, experimenting with to other areas that are that are developing for us in e-commerce, which is e-business-to-business and direct to consumer. So also important to mention is that our margins are similar online and offline. So that's the situation on e-commerce. If I go to cocoa, we are not --we are experimenting with cocoa in other regions. But at this stage, we are going to continue in large part to continue to source from Ghana and Ivory Coast. We source in Latin America. We source in India. We source in Indonesia. But we are one of the biggest cocoa buyers in the world. And so it, those regions do not offer us enough quantity to shift and shifting, developing real cocoa sourcing takes years. So we're working on that, but it's not going to happen next year, not with the amount of cocoa that we need to buy. On the other hand, we have already started to reflect the extra LID or the living income differential into our pricing. And so, we are fully set to absorb that next year. And we feel good about supporting what the government in those two countries are trying to do. We think it fits in our ESG approach. And at the same time, we keep -- we want to keep on going with our own program Cocoa Life, which is complimentary to that. We think it's the right thing to do, because we want a real sustainable future for cocoa. And farmer income is really critical. And we were making sure through Cocoa Life we can actually see that and monitor what's going on. So we are planning to have 100% of our cocoa volume by 2025 being sourced through our Cocoa Life program. So I would say that is the answer on cocoa.
Alexia Howard: Perfect. Thank you very much for the color. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: No problem.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Operator: And your final question is from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good evening, just a follow up on emerging markets and a question on the marketing or grocery investments. On EMs, you had nice improvement in Russia, Brazil and some other markets. And you mentioned in the previous question that you expect emerging markets to continue to improve. I think you also said in your prepared remarks that there was some late quarters slowing into Asia outside of China. So maybe just some clarification about where you feel like the momentum is in continuing to improve across emerging markets would be helpful. And then it just in terms of your growth reinvestments you guys don't have -- sort of just a windfall this year, such that you're spending a ton of money in advertising. So I expect this to be somewhat of a measured plan about what you're doing. And you said, advertising or working media, as you said it will be going up particularly in digital. So could you talk about that gross spending, where you're spending it? What's -- where you're getting this high ROI, and do you think that's going to continue into 2021? Thanks.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. I'll take the first part and you will do the second part, Luca.
Luca Zaramella: Yes.
Dirk Van de Put: So on emerging markets, I would say the temporary headwinds in our mind do not hamper the long term prospects. We feel that we're executing well. We have an advantage network. We have deep distribution. We have good from momentum pre crisis. We're coming out of the crisis in most of the emerging markets very fast. I'm thinking about India, Brazil, we have share r gains that we see. And obviously, we can only focus on what we control which is execution, cost management, selective investment. We remain confident about tutors as I mentioned, and those are the markets where we're seeing good momentum, China, India, European, sorry, emerging markets, Brazil little bit of the parts of Africa. We feel that they're already back in positive territory. We're confident that they will keep on growing. They were performing very well for us before the crisis, if anything, I think we've improved our position during the crisis. And we have very strong teams on the ground. Where we are cautious and where we need to work hard, because we are hampered by the local situation that's more in Latin America, thinking Mexico, thinking walk down for us, which is the Central America and the Caribbean, and Colombia, and some of the Middle Eastern and the Southeast Asia countries. That's where gum and candy is big for us. And the recuperation of gum and candy is going to be critical for us. So we're doing a lot of work on how to promote gum consumption in the time of COVID, where people are more spending more time at home when they're wearing masks, and so on, which is, which is contraindicated for gum consumption. And we are trying to make sure that for next year we see good momentum in that category. So that's the part where I would say that we are a bit more careful. Luca?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. So now may you see David, the way you have to see it these putting in Q2, given the circumstances we pulled back. And so we double down in the second part of the year. And as we said, many times, the share gains that we're seeing, they are truly broad based. They are across multiple brands, multiple countries with the exception, I would say of gum, we are extremely pleased with the share gains we have seen in this case in chocolate. And so we want to retain those and that we will continue to invest into 2021. So between the fact that COVID cost will subside between the fact that in Q2, we will be lapping lower energy spending. I think you will see an algorithm that in terms of EBIT and EPS expansion should be in line with expectations for next year. Don't expect the same material impact that we are heading in the second part of the year in terms of working media into next year. As A, we will be lapping a lower Q2. And B, we will have other labors into the P&L, including COVID costs that will subside, to be able to fund these incremental investments. By realities, the more we can retain those share gains, the better even in a context where maybe categories will be slightly impacted by a potential recession.
David Palmer: Very, very helpful. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: You're very welcome, David.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you. I think with that's no further questions.
Operator: Okay. And there are no further questions. At this time, I would like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Thank you, Angela. Well, thank you for connecting. As you can see, we had a good, solid third quarter. We feel good about the where the fourth quarter is heading and how we will close the year. We've given you a first flavor of what 2021 looks like, which we also feel pretty good about. And obviously in the next call, we will give you the guidance for the year. If that is possible, because you never know what happens in these COVID situations. Thank you for your interest. And thank you for your questions. And if there's anything else, feel free to connect Andrei or Chef, we can give you more information. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Mondelez International Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelez' management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to hand the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations from Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the Company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. As we discuss our results today, unless noted as reported, we'll be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures, which adjust for certain items included in our GAAP results. In addition, we provide our year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis, unless otherwise noted. You can find the comparable GAAP measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of our presentation. In today's call, Dirk will provide a business update then Luca will take you through the financials and our outlook. We will then close with Q&A. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Shep. Let me start off by sharing an overview of our Q2 performance on Slide 4. Overall, we are pleased with our results, our business has been resilient, and our execution has been strong. Our first priority remains the safety and wellbeing of our colleagues and our communities as we navigate COVID-19. Because there still are areas of high risk, we are preparing the reopening or already have opened some of our offices around the world. And it is clear that the situation will remain volatile for at least the remainder of the year. Our second priority also remains business continuity. I am very proud of what our colleagues have and are doing to keep our operations running well. Here also, we need to remain vigilant because with the growing number of cases, the risk of business disruption continues to exist around the world. Our overall results for Q2 are good. Despite the fact that COVID has impacted various markets in quite different ways. Our portfolio of trusted brands as well as excellent execution have helped us to weather the high volatility reassuring us that our business fundamentals are solid. Particularly our execution in supply chain as well as our commercial operations have been superior in a very challenging environment. For instance, today, approximately 90% of our plants are running in line or above historical performance. Although we had already good market share momentum going into the crisis, this combination of the strength of our brands and our superior execution have helped to drive unprecedented gains. While the business environment globally remains very volatile, our strategy has proven to be a strength in these difficult circumstances, so we don't see a need to make changes, but we do see opportunities to double down and accelerate certain areas. For instance, due to our current momentum, some overall cost savings and our market share momentum, we are increasing investments in our brands in H2. That virtuous cycle of investment in our brand is an anchor stone of our strategy. Looking at the second half, we expect to see volatility continuing, but we are well positioned for several reasons. Overall snacking tends to be a very resilient category, even in times of recession, meaning we are generally in the right categories. Our brands are some of the most preferred brands in our categories, both local and global. Our geographical footprint is diversified, meaning that while COVID might impact one location, others might be doing better. And finally, our people are responding very well with agility and resilience, and our local-first culture is an advantage in this environment where decision-making needs to be fast and made with the local consumers in mind. Switching to Slide 5. Despite serious challenges caused by COVID effects on trade channels and consumers, we delivered solid results across the board, giving us confidence for sequential improvement in the second half as well as confidence to maintain the course of the strategy we announced almost two years ago. Our revenue growth was 0.7% in Q2 and is 3.7% for the first half. I consider this pretty good given that during the quarter, at one stage or another, every country and many trade channels were in lockdown. There are parts of our business that have slowed down significantly, such as the gum category, world travel retail, away-from-home and the traditional trade channel in some key emerging markets. At the same time, the grocery business in most of the world is well above normal trend. The combination of these two extremes give an almost 1% growth as an average, which we feel good about given the circumstances. Emerging markets were more affected than developed markets and declined in Q2. The good news is that they showed a sequential improvement during the quarter, and they exited the quarter with growth. We are maintaining or gaining share in markets, representing around 85% of our revenues in year-to-date 2020. This is driven by a number of key reasons. We are seeing consumers turning to brands and products they trust. We have many of these trusted brands around the world. Within our category, there is also a shift to segments that are better fit for at-home consumption. So we are stronger in these segments like tablets versus pralines or bars in chocolate. And our supply chain has kept functioning quite well throughout a shortage of labor or lockdowns providing us with a competitive advantage. Our adjusted EPS grew 16.1% in Q2 or 8% for the first half. Luca will provide the details, but despite the extra COVID-related costs, our operating income fell only marginally. Thanks to some offsetting cost-containment activities. We generated very strong cash flow. In the first half, free cash flow was $1.1 billion, and we raised our quarterly dividend by 11%. Transitioning to Slide 6. As mentioned, our long-term strategy does not change. But seeing our current momentum, we are accelerating some initiatives which will allow us to emerge even stronger from this crisis. As it relates to growth strategies, we are planning a significant increase in investments behind working media in the second half, capitalizing on the strength and demand for our brands and built on our increased market share. We are also making adjustment to some of our advertising copy and campaigns to make them more relevant in the current context. Seeing the fact that the consumer is driven more to our core offerings, it is an ideal moment to simplify our portfolio as well as our innovation pipeline to focus on our value-driving core. So we are removing 25% of SKUs which will simplify our supply chain, reduce our cost and inventories and increase our sales and our customer service. With the consumer probably focusing more on value, we are amplifying and accelerating our efforts on revenue growth management, and we believe there is significant potential to capitalize on the increase in e-commerce, particularly with many first timers buying their groceries online. In execution, we were always very cost conscious, but we're taking a fresh look at cost opportunities, reducing in areas like travel and office costs. Costs also benefits from a smaller number of projects and initiatives as well as the reduction of our inventory levels. Out of an abundance of caution, we've decided to only invest CapEx this year in essential projects. And we are accelerating a number of key supply chain initiatives which are aimed at improving our efficiency. Finally, all of these changes are enabled and underpinned by the continued evolution of our culture. Our local-first approach is enabling agile decision-making and adaptation in market. We also see we can evolve the way our people work, helping them with a better balance of life-work. For instance, going forward, we see more people working more time from home. Some of the changes due to COVID will be permanent. So we are redeploying resources to the areas with the highest return opportunities and areas that will be critical post COVID, as an example, e-commerce. Now moving to Slide 7. Despite the current volatile and unpredictable environment, we believe ESG is as important as ever, if not more so, and we remain committed to making progress in this space. In terms of social impact, we have now made cash and in-kind donations of more than $25 million related to COVID-19, through product donations, but also cash support as actions by brands and teams to donate PPE and other essential items. Our responsibility, the communities we operate in has also been highlighted by the recent attention on the racial justice and equality movement. Without question, there is no place for racism in our company or in our society, and it's critically important that we, along with other companies, show measurable action in helping to redress some of the injustices that exist in our society. My leadership colleagues and I have spent time listening to our employee resource groups and colleagues across the business. We've heard that colleagues want actions that are sustainable, impactful and generally make a difference. We want to build on our historical efforts in this area, and so we've organized ourselves across three pillars: colleagues, culture and communities. In our supply chain, we continue to advance our work on creating a sustainable supply of critical ingredients. One of the biggest challenges in this space is deforestation, and the result impact or the resulting impact on CO2. This quarter, we have launched as part of the Consumer Goods Forum, the Forest Positive Coalition with other CPG companies encouraging our suppliers to be more transparent on the land used to grow our ingredients. And finally, we are on track to meet our 2025 goal of 100% recyclable-ready packaging. I am proud of the fact that we've been continuing to work on these critical long-term ESG topics throughout this crisis. And with that, I hand it over to Luca.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk, and good afternoon. Second quarter performance was solid in terms of growth, share gains, earnings and cash flow given the circumstances. We delivered positive revenue growth through a combination of resilient categories and superior execution despite facing significant disruptions and operating restrictions from the crisis. Our developed market continued to perform well, with strength in North America and Europe mass retail, confirming elevated momentum as seen in Q1. Emerging markets were significantly impacted by broad lockdowns, especially during April and into May. Despite this dynamic, we are doing well on a relative basis compared to peers as we are gaining share. I would like to unpack our topline cadence to give you some context of how we ended the quarter, as that might be more indicative than the pure Q2 number. Prior to COVID, we were seeing strong momentum in both developed and emerging markets, and that was both due to snacks categories, momentum and share gains. Once we move into late March and for the month of April, we saw significant divergence between developed and emerging. In developed markets, we saw a spike in consumption. And despite some challenges, our ability to operate was still okay. On the flip side, we enforced lockdowns and curfews in emerging markets. We encountered significant operating restrictions. These markets were most impacted in April with double-digit topline declines as high percentage of outlets were inaccessible to consumers and to us. As a result, total revenue declined low-single digits in April. As we moved into May, things began to improve. And in June, our emerging market turned positive and posted low single-digit growth. We expect this trend of improving growth to continue into July as the majority of these markets are on better footing. We also expect strong demand in North America and Europe mass retail, albeit not as elevated as in H1, but total company is trending better in July than in Q2. Turning to Slide 11. You can see that Q2 revenue growth was driven by positive volume and pricing. This comes despite some significant mix headwinds presented by lower revenue from world travel retail and gum. Biscuits is seeing elevated demand and led growth at more than 9%. Chocolate declined slightly, but this includes three points of headwinds from world travel retail. In addition, chocolate was also impacted by lockdowns in emerging markets, mostly India. It is worth noting that India was nearly flat in May and posted positive growth in June. Gum and candy declined double digit, primarily driven by gum as it skews toward away-from-home consumption and convenience. This channel has seen significantly reduced traffic during the crisis. Turning to category and share highlights on Page 12. Consistent execution, preferred brands and our investments in brands and capabilities continue to drive strong share results. Year-to-date, we have held or gained share in 85% of our revenue base, and our overall share is as high as it has ever been. Biscuits and chocolate drove the overall outcome. More specifically, we gained share in the latest three month period across a number of our biggest markets including U.S. biscuits, Europe, with U.K. and Russia and France standing out; in EMEA, China and Vietnam biscuits, but also Australia, New Zealand and India chocolate; in Latin America, we saw some improvement in Brazil chocolate and powder beverage share, along with Mexico. Our categories held up relatively well with the exception of gum. However, it is important to note that year-to-date category growth of 4.5% doesn't reflect unmeasured channels, such as convenience and world travel retail or the lag effect of some emerging market readings. Now let's review our profitability performance on Slide 13. As expected, our estimated COVID-related costs during the second quarter were more than $100 million, including over time, protective equipment, frontline bonuses, incremental logistics costs and lower cost absorption in emerging markets. Ex this cost, gross profit would have shown solid growth in line with last year's growth rate. In fact, volume leverage in both North America and Europe as well as cost containment efforts across the business enabled us to offset much of this on a gross profit basis as it declined less than $10 million versus previous year. Operating income declined 3.8% for Q2 due to the decline in gross margin, which was partially offset by lower A&C and higher overhead due to COVID as well as the other line impacted by some legal accruals. We continue to expect COVID-related costs in the second half, however, we believe improved leverage and cost mitigation efforts will more than offset these dynamics as we progress through the second half. Especially in Q4, with Q3 still somewhat impacted. Moving to regional performance on Slide 14. North America grew 11% driven by strong share gains and elevated biscuit consumption. Our DSD network continued to demonstrate its value in keeping shelf stock and enabling significant share gains. Gum was down double-digits. North America operating income increased by more than 20%. North America will continue to grow above the historical rates, but we expect lower growth than Q2 as we move throughout the year. Europe revenue declined 1.2% in the quarter. Headwinds from world travel retail, which was a drag of 2.5 percentage points as well as gum and the instant consumption channels, drove this dynamic. We saw strength and good execution in several key markets, including mass retail which grew high-single digits, and in chocolate, where we posted significant share gains in the U.K., in France, in Russia and Benelux. Although we expect continued challenges in world travel retail, we are more constructive on the state of convenience and traditional trade, which are expected to be much less of a headwind in the second half. We saw improved exit rate in June and good growth into July. Overall, we expect EU to return to growth in Q3, unless there is a material COVID relapse. Adjusted OI dollars declined as a result of significant COVID costs and unfavorable mix. These results should improve as we progress through the second half of the year. AMEA declined 3.1% with conditions that vary greatly by market. China continued to recover, growing double-digits. Southeast Asia grew mid-single digits. India declined double-digit due to significant lockdowns and store closures in April and May before it turning to mid single-digit growth in June. As we move into the second half, and based on the dynamics we see today, we are expecting this improvement to continue, unless there are additional shutdowns in key markets. AMEA operating income dollars declined by approximately 5%, due primarily to lower-than-typical volume leverage and additional COVID-related expenses. AMEA executed well on cost containment actions. Latin America decreased 11% due to traditional trade disruptions in most of the key markets, while Argentina posted growth due to inflation-driven pricing. Ex Argentina, Latin America declined by 15%. Mexico declined low-double digits due to a significant decline in gum and candy. In Brazil, we declined high-single digits due to significant disruptions in traditional trade. Our Western Andean countries, which were among the most impacted by COVID, also declined. We did see improving share trends in several notable markets. Adjusted OI dollars in Latin America declined by 78%, primarily due to headwinds associated with negative mix, under absorption and an accrual for a legal-related matter that accounted for one third of the decline versus previous year. We expect the environment in Latin America to remain challenging in the second half given the restrictions in place in most markets and the impact that those restrictions are having on economic growth. We remain focused on what we can control, which is executing our plans and driving better share performance. Now turning to earnings per share on Slide 18. Q2 EPS grew 16%. Operating gains in the quarter were impacted by COVID costs, which were north of $100 million which means more than $0.07 impact. I'll now move on to our free cash flow on Slide 19. We delivered free cash flow of $1.1 billion in the first half. Strong working capital discipline was a big driver as we improved our cash conversion cycle by eight days. We also had deferred tax payment for more than $200 million, which will mostly reverse in the second half as well as lower CapEx and cash restructuring. Our priorities for the remainder of the year stay clear, and we will continue to be disciplined. I wanted to provide some thoughts on our joint ventures, specifically our participation in the successful IPO of JDE Peet's. Prior to transaction, we exchanged our JV investments for an investment in JDE Peet's. JDE Peet's then went public for 31.50 per share at the end of May. The stock now trades at around 38 per share, which places the value of our stake at approximately $5 billion. This was a great result as it provides more flexibility and a public bar for this financial investment. Moving to Slide 22. As previously disclosed, due to the COVID pandemic, visibility remains limited at this time in a number of key markets. As a result, we are not providing a full-year financial outlook. However, we continue to expect the following for 2020. An effective tax rate in the low- to mid-20s; adjusted interest expense of approximately $380 million; and we now expect exchange translation to negatively impact our reported revenue by 3% and EPS by $0.05 based on current market rate. Although we're not providing full-year guidance at this time, I wanted to share some thoughts regarding how the second half will play out. We expect improving conditions in many markets that experienced significant store closures in late Q1 and Q2. In-home consumption is expected to be at elevated levels, which is helpful in developed markets such as North America. And we expect to make critical investments behind our brands to continue to drive momentum on a relative basis. On the flip side, we expect the negative impact to continue in some emerging markets, mostly in Latin America. World travel retail is expected to continue its negative trend. And although there is no way to know exactly how the pandemic will evolve, there will always be a potential for a second wave of shutdowns. In aggregate, we expect positive revenue and the sequential improvement in the third quarter based on what we see through month one of Q3. With that, let's open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi. Thank you, and good afternoon, everybody. Two for me, if I can. I wanted to first touch on your share gains. Some of these gains, I think, are due to your North America supply chain, which obviously is quite advantaged and some perhaps due to your competitor struggles globally. But you did highlight some brand strength, other positive factors in your prepared remarks. So just as you think about your expectations for market share in the back half of the year, can you walk us through what you think some of the more sustainable drivers are. I'm guessing higher marketing spend is one of them. And maybe what drivers could back off a little bit versus the first half.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Ken. Yes, sure, with pleasure. If I maybe explain where are the share gains happening and then go a little bit into the drivers and then in what we think will happen. First of all, as we said in the presentation, we've gained share in 85% of our revenue base, so it's very broad-based. It is in biscuits. It's in chocolate. It's across the geographies, I would say, almost in every single market around the world and certainly not important markets. We see significant market share increase. For instance, biscuits China, biscuits U.S., biscuits in France, but also chocolate in the UK, chocolate Australia, chocolate India. And we also see it across smaller categories. So it's very widespread. And on top of it, we see that it's our global and our local brands. It's not just one brand. It's across our brand. And one of the interesting factors that our penetration of our brand is increasing overall, and also that we see some very good repeat of those new users. So what is the reason? I think fundamentally, during the COVID crisis there, there are three. First of all, as you alluded to, we have had a very good performing supply chain around to market. You could sort of say that not only in the U.S., but in other markets, we increased our share of the distribution points. Not so much because we increased our distribution, but customer service level and our on-shelf availability was better than our competition. And so for instance, in the U.S. or in other markets around the world, DSD is a key advantage. The other one is that we usually have sort of the strongest brands in our categories around the world. And consumers have been going back to the brands they know and trust. And so an Oreo, as an example, or a Milka or some of the other local brands that we have, have clear consumer trust. And we see that's why we see all of them increasing their share also. And then within snacking, if you look at it sort of category by category, we are in those segments within the categories that are benefiting from at-home consumption. For instance, tablets in chocolate do better than bars or better than pralines. And in biscuits, it's your more traditional biscuits that is a segment where the consumer is going to. I would say these are the three big drivers. When will they go away? Well, it's difficult to say. Supply chain, I assume that everybody is catching up on their supply chain. Although with what we are seeing in the U.S. and some other places around the world, having your supply chain perform is not as simple as it might sound. I do think that this trend to go to bigger brands and more known brands is here to stay for a while. And then the mix with the in-home consumption, I think that's going to last for a while, too. We are now clearly talking about this change to our lives continuing well into 2021. I would also like to point out that we have momentum before the crisis. We were already increasing our market share before this started. And so underlying, there is a fundamental share increase that was taking place. I also think the repeat rates of our brands of the new users, that's important to notice. And then I talked about that increase in working media with significant increases in the second half of the year, which should also give a good pull on our brand. And then I think what we're doing with our business, simplifying everything, eliminating SKUs, going to fewer innovations, all that will give us even more strength in execution. So overall, I'm pretty optimistic. I think that a big part of this market share will stick.
Kenneth Goldman: That's helpful. Thank you. And then quickly on my follow-up, speaking of the higher marketing spending, you talked about in the third quarter I know you're not giving guidance today, but I wanted to poke it a little bit into what you were talking about to make sure I understood. You talked about better revenue into the third quarter, and you've talked about some simplification of the business. But you've also talked about ramping up your marketing spending, like I said. So just trying to get a sense among all these factors and maybe some that I'm missing. Is it reasonable to expect improved operating income in the third quarter as well in addition to better revenue? And the reason I'm asking is The Street's modeling an increase year-on-year in your third quarter EBIT. Is this reasonable given what you know right now? Or is it really just too early to say?
Luca Zaramella: I can maybe Ill
Dirk Van de Put: Maybe Luca, you want to take this one? Yes.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, I'll. Welcome back Ken. Nice to have you again on
Kenneth Goldman: It's good to be back. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Look, I believe it is a little bit premature to give you a precise number here, but we gave you a few indications in the prepared remarks for Q3 enough to simply said, we expect North America to continue with increased momentum. Certainly, we are not going to see as high of a number as we saw in Q2. Having 11% topline was fairly exceptional and 20-plus percent OI. Europe is expected to return to growth overall despite world travel retail. And I would expect, for sure, better profitability and better leverage. Some of the COVID costs will subside. AMEA as well is expected to return to growth in Q2 in Q3. And there should be, again, lower COVID cost and better volume outcomes. Latin America is, quite frankly, expected to meaningfully improve, particularly on the OI line into Q3, but we are not going to see necessarily a positive year-on-year profit. So I would say that overall topline for Mondelez in Q3 is expected to be better than Q2. As we look at July, we see good numbers coming in at this point in time. But obviously, I have to make a disclosure here, which is that is absent a material relapse or issue in one of the biggest market or in more than one. As far as bottom line is concerned, I think there will be a sequential improvement in Q3 from where we see today. Whether it will be all the way to bright, I am not sure as there will still be some COVID-related cost and all the actions we are putting in place actually will come into full fruition in Q4. So you will see some improvements in Q3, but you will see even more in Q4 from what we see today.
Kenneth Goldman: That's helpful. Thanks so much.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks very much. Dirk, with some concern over economic recession in some key emerging markets, can you remind us of, I guess, Mondelez ability to manage through these sorts of macro events in terms of down trading, unit pricing and such. And the reason I ask is with global category growth year-to-date up around 4.5% and Mondelez holding or gaining share in 85% of categories. I guess, what realistically would hold Mondelez back at this stage from delivering at least 3% organic growth for the year, even if global category growth slows a bit from here, let's say, due to some recession?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, I can  first of all, good to hear you, Andrew. And yes, I can certainly explain that a little bit better. First of all, as it relates to that 4.5% growth in categories, those are the measured categories. And as we, for instance, explained world travel retail is not included in the measured channels and some of the foodservice and so on. So we think that overall, the category growth is not the 4.5% seen that those are the channels that are more severely affected by COVID. As it relates to our categories and our strategy in the recession, I would say that, first of all, we look back at history, and the history has shown that over biscuits and chocolate tend to be quite durable in a downturn in developed markets, but also in emerging markets. And in fact, biscuits, in general, are not affected by the recession, and actually sometimes accelerated during the recession because, again, there is this switch to more in-home consumption which biscuits benefit from. Chocolate is a little bit more of a mixed picture. Some markets, it went down. Some markets, it went up. But overall, I would say it's also quite resilient with a very fast recovery as the recession starts to fade away. Candy was solid, very little change, and it's gum that suffers in a recession in our case, as we currently are seeing, but that's more driven by the fact that gum is an on-the-go product and that a lot of these channels have been closed. But also in a recession since, again, there's more in-home consumption, gum suffers. As it relates to the price points, I think we've done a good job around the world. I'm thinking India or Brazil or Mexico of overall, making our products quite affordable and covering all the price points. And I think we are set up now to really play in the different segments that you will see. Another thing, I think, that's important in our categories as it relates to a recession, is that private label penetration, particularly in emerging markets, is very limited compared to other food categories. So let's say that we were expecting the categories to grow about 3% pre-crisis. It maybe that they slowed down slightly. But I think together with our market share gains and the opportunities that we have as it relates to adjacencies to our categories, we should be able to get to that level as you were talking about. I also think internally, we are stronger. We have invested more in our brands. I think our brands today are stronger than they were two, three years ago. We are modernizing our portfolio. We have communications that are more effective. Execution is good. In the past, our execution was maybe sometimes not as great. Now supplies in North America is an example for us. And so I don't see us as a company not being able to deal with the recession. I think we can enter it with a position of strength as it relates to execution and being present. And so I believe that overall, we have work to do, don't get me wrong. For instance, we are working quite hard on what we call revenue growth management to make sure that we get the right price points completely squared away. A lot of price pack architecture, understanding what will happen in the different channels, so all the business units are hard at work to prepare for that. But I do think that we are set up to do well. And if we can keep the momentum going on our market share, I would agree with you. I don't see a reason why we cannot deliver against our long-term algorithm.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you so much.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey. Good afternoon, guys.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Dara.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi.
Dara Mohsenian: So clearly strong organic sales growth in the U.S. in the quarter, can you unpack how much of that was true sort of underlying demand at retail? Was there any retailer inventory build? Or was this more strong retail sales growth? And just the sustainability of that sales growth going forward given it look like U.S. trend slowed a bit sequentially in the scattered data towards the end of the quarter would be helpful.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Maybe I'll
Dirk Van de Put: Okay.
Luca Zaramella: No, go on Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Well, I would say that the reason of the increased sales in the U.S. is driven by the Biscuit segment, and the Biscuit segment is heavily influenced by in-home consumption. And as long as the consumer will be more at-home and more consuming at-home, I think we will see an increase in our sales in the U.S. versus previous year. Of course, in the beginning, at the start of the crisis, there was some  a little bit of pantry loading, but that is out of the equation now. So what we are seeing now is continued consumption, I would say. And I would expect that sort of foreseeable future, not a change in that in-home consumption phenomenon. Now to be clear, gum is a contrary of that. It's very negatively impacted by that in-home consumption. It skews out-of-home, it's on-the-go consumption. And so that's going to be lower during the crisis. As it relates to the trade, if anything, I would say that the trade inventories at the moment are low because it has been difficult to keep up with demand. We significantly have reduced our assortment of SKUs just to provide a good customer service. And so if anything, I would say as our demand would slowdown a little bit, that will give us an opportunity to bring the trade stocks back in line with where they should be. So from my perspective, I feel pretty strong, certainly about Q3 and Q4 in U.S., I don't really expect, it might slowdown a little bit, but were still in high single-digit growth rates, to my opinion, which is much better than it was in the past. Luca, go ahead.
Luca Zaramella: No. I second all the points you made. And to be  by transparent as we usually are, where we can be  trade stock is lower in the U.S. than it used to be. And it is not the only place where we have lower trade stock. And just to give you another data point, you're absolutely right, that there was a little bit of a slowdown in consumption, but as we look at some of the numbers we have for July, it feels like there is still opportunities for us to grow as Dirk says in the high single-digit territory. So we feel good about what we see. As Dirk pointed out, it is true that gum is a little bit on a downtrend at the moment, but I would also say that it is sequentially improving. And the last point I'd like to make is, particularly in candies like Swedish Fish and Sour Patch, we are seeing quite a bit of growth at the moment as well. So all is pointing in the direction of continued momentum, albeit it might not be the 11% that you saw in Q2, might be a little bit lower.
Dara Mohsenian: Great. Thanks guys. It's very helpful.
Operator: And the next question is from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Baumgartner: Good afternoon. Thanks for the question.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, John.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, John.
John Baumgartner: Dirk or I guess, Luca  how are you doing? I guess what aspect of your revenue growth story over time is that penetration rates across emerging markets are still low and the white space opportunity can be still fairly impactful. So in the context of the fallout from COVID, to what extent is that kind of creating delays against the plan to enter new points of distribution or causing you to reprioritize your growth drivers over the next year or so?
Dirk Van de Put: At this stage, it doesn't feel to us that we need to reprioritize. We feel that a lot of the slowdown that you've seen in emerging markets has really gone directly related to the COVID crisis, and the fact that consumers were already locked down or distributors couldn't operate or the stores were closed. And as we open up the channels, we will see through which levels we go back. If I would take India as an example, India, of course, in April was not that great. I mean May was back to flat versus last year, and in June, started to show a low single-digit growth versus last year. In July, they will be higher than that. Will India go back to double-digit growth in the coming months? Maybe not, but if India delivers us a 6%, 7%, 8% topline growth, that's more than enough for us to keep on going on our plan. We were planning to expand our distribution in India for the year in hundred thousand stores or more. We probably had to slow that down a little bit during the COVID crisis, but we are planning to pick it right up where we left it off and keep on growing. At this stage  and India is an example for what we see in other countries. So for me at this stage, there is no reason to change our strategy. We might have, at this stage, maybe a quarter of delay, but we will try to catch up as much as we can. And certainly for 2021, we are planning to keep on going in the direction that we had set.
John Baumgartner: Thanks, Dirk. Thanks for your time.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Christopher Growe: Hi, good afternoon.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Chris.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Chris.
Christopher Growe: Hi, guys. I just had two quick questions sort of related, but I'm just curious, we know that the gum category was a pretty significant detractor from the quarter, the world travel retail and away-from-home. Can you say how much of those were dragging on revenue in the quarter? And then, I guess somewhat related, I'm curious if you look at  you defined the COVID costs, you also I think have indicated there's been some benefits from leverage and some of your own expense control to overcome that. Where would net COVID costs come off of the quarter, if you were to kind of put that against the savings you realized in the quarter? Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. I'll start and then
Dirk Van de Put: I think that sounds one for you, Luca.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. I'll take these. So Chris, I think you know that gum is around about 7% of our revenue and there was a material decline in Q2. It was in the tune of, I would say, 35%, 40% in total, depending on the market. It is somewhat driven by share, but 80% of it is due to market, quite frankly. The market is really being impacted by all these shutdowns. And we are told that it is very difficult to do with the mask as well in certain places. So we saw a little bit of an issue in that market. Having said that, as we look at July, we see it coming better. I called it out in the U.S., but it is also in other markets. I can tell you one notable one for us is, is China. In Latin America though, we still see a bit of a continued challenge particularly in Mexico and Andean. Then world travel retail, it is give or take, $0.25 billion business for the year and it was nearly zero in Q2. We expect it to improve particularly towards Q4, but it was a material drag. We called out in the prepared remarks, both the impact on Europe and chocolate, and it is 2.5, 3 points of a drag both on Europe, which declined 1% plus. So you can do the math of how much Europe grew, excluding world travel retail. And the same on chocolate that was almost flat, but it would have been much better. So as we look forward, as I said, we feel quite good about Europe in Q3. Europe was another one that was impacted a little bit by trade and stock in Q2 as well. So we see that coming a little bit back in Q3. And importantly in chocolate, across the board, we see a quite solid category growth at this point and share as well. The biggest differential in chocolate is going to be India coming back. And as I said, India closed the quarter in June in good growth territory. And as we look at July specifically, India is quite solid. So we would expect India to be in a good growth territory in Q3. So that gives you a little bit a sense of these headwinds and how they impacted the quarter for us.
Christopher Growe: That was great.
Luca Zaramella: On the COVID
Christopher Growe: Yes. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: So the COVID costs, look we had more than $100 million in the GP line, and we have another $20 million, $25 million in the overhead line. So I would call it for lack of a better number, $130 million plus of an impact. We did cut travel, clearly, but the biggest upside both in terms of switching from non-working media to working media, other promotional spending items, some cost containment actions that we are taking in our factories. They had an impact that if I had to guess it would be around about $20 million in Q2. The big upside for all these actions is going to come in the second part of the year and specifically in Q4. I think you will see in Q4 this cost savings being meaningful and total profit being materially better than it is today or in Q3 for that matter. Both because this will come to fruition also because the COVID-related cost in Q4 will subside in our current outlook. So we will see what those costs are exactly, but that's the  how we see things at the moment.
Christopher Growe: Okay. That was very good color. Thank you for that.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Chris.
Operator: You have the next question from Bryan Spillane, again with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hey. Good afternoon, everyone.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Bryan.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Hi. So I just wanted to go back to  I think it might be related to John Baumgartner's question. But Dirk, you  in the prepared remarks, you talked about SKU reduction and also, I guess a slowing of some of the new product introduction. So just wanted to know a) is that more of a near-term response? Would the SKU reduction at all in the near-term create any kind of drag on revenues? But then more kind of longer term, how does that square with the presentation you made at CAGNY, where you talked about channel expansion, adjacent categories as part of the growth agenda. So just trying to square a kind of SKU reduction and fewer new product introductions with how that sort of relates to the growth  you've presented back at CAGNY.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, in a nutshell, it's all part of the same thinking. The way I would try to explain it is that if you look at our business, we have an opportunity to simplify our business and my experience in many other consumer goods companies is that in general, what has happened over the years is that people are chasing growth. And as a consequence, they keep on launching new products. And that gives you a short-term benefit. But at the certain stage, you need to clean that up. You need to look at your SKUs. You need to take a look at your innovation pipeline, and sometimes also at your brands and say, can these be simpler. But it's always a big discussion because the teams feel uncomfortable doing it. Although if you maintain the same shelf space, and I've done it several times in my career, what you will see is that not only do your sales increase because now the best selling items get more space. Your supply chain costs go down because of longer runs, less changeover, less inventory, less waste, and it also has a big benefit on your cash. So it's a good exercise to do. Just to think about us having thousands of SKUs, and every year, a few thousands of innovation projects, a lot of small ones, and to be frank it's  we were looking for a reason to break this chain because we do believe there is a much better way to do this. The reason why we want to do it now, we want to reaccelerate it now is that, I would say, the stars have lined up. The clients want great customer service. They want a cleaner shelf. They want to make sure that they can serve their customers. And we have the same initiative. So we were already obliged in this crisis to work with a much smaller set of SKUs in order to make sure that the key SKUs are on the shelf. And what do we see? Our sales are better, the shelf looks cleaner, and we get some benefits from it. So we're kind of pushing through using the opportunity to say, this is the moment we do it. Those 25% SKUs represent less than 2% of our sales. And I think we will see no effect from taking them out. Now it's not in one go. This takes a while. It's going to run over a few months. And we probably  out of those 25% of SKUs, somewhere at the beginning of next year. That doesn't mean that we will not do channel expansion and adjacency. The 25% is net. It means that we will launch a number of new items, particularly focused on price pack architecture to hit those price points that we need in specific channels and specific sizes for channels, or we needed because of the revenue growth management that we are applying. And we also will launch a number of items in adjacencies. So the 25% is net of all that. So I see it as part of the same strategy, and I'm really looking forward to be at the other end of this because I think we will have a much cleaner SKU portfolio, a much cleaner innovation portfolio, and hopefully, we can also clean up a few brands, so that we're lean as a company at the end of this.
Bryan Spillane: That's great. Thanks for the clarity, Dirk. It really ties it together. Thanks again.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good afternoon, everyone.
Luca Zaramella: Hi.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi, Dirk. So a couple of questions for me. Firstly, you called out the negative mix impact of, I think, minus 2.6% this time. Could you help us understand what was driving that and whether that headwind is expected to continue into the second half? And then my second question is just around the e-commerce dynamics. As we think about the U.S., Europe and China, how fast is e-commerce breaking out in each of those areas? And do you expect that to continue? Thank you. And I'll pass it on.
Dirk Van de Put: Maybe Luca, you do the first one on the mix and I'll do e-commerce.
Luca Zaramella: Absolutely. Let's do that. Let's team up here. So on the negative mix impact, 100% of it is attributable to two categories, I would say, world travel retail, which is a business that has quite good margins. We sell predominantly Toblerone there, which is a great brand with quite solid gross margin, and that's the number one driver. And the other one is the gum category that, as I called out before, it declined 35%, 40%. I said about world travel retail that it was almost zero in the quarter, so I expect an improvement, particularly in Q4 around that business. And equally for gum, I expect a material improvement, particularly as we exit the year. I'm not sure it will improve dramatically in Q3. But certainly, as the situation stabilizes and trade starts to be open particularly in emerging markets, I mean traditional trade. We expect to see a gradual improvement compared to the current declines in gum. So the mix situation should improve throughout the year. And it has always been a fairly neutral number for us, I would say, as some emerging markets have a little bit of lower margins than some of the developed markets. And I was happy we were keeping it in control quite well. Obviously, gum and world travel retail are a little bit of a driver at this point in time.
Dirk Van de Put: And then to link in with e-commerce. So the number on e-commerce are a growth of 91% in Q2, so e-commerce last year was about 3% of our net revenue. In Q1 of this year, it was 3.5%, and in Q2, it's 6%. The biggest increase we saw was in the U.S., close to 200% increase. And that was driven by the fact that people that already shopped online bought more online, but also a significant amount of first timers that started to buy their groceries online. And so the penetration of last year of e-commerce went from 4% to 9%. So we do expect that e-commerce will remain a large part of our U.S. business after the crisis. The growth rates are high across all platforms, click and collect and delivery. And also our market share we gained, for instance, about four points of market share in biscuits online. And so we had already a good momentum before the crisis, and we've doubled down. Of course in click and collect, since we had a very strong performance of our DSD operation and since they picked the products out of the store that has helped our performance. As we go to Europe, we're talking about growth in UK and France, which was 100% and 50%, respectively, so also very, very strong growth. And China, where e-commerce is already 18% of our sales, we had a growth of 20%, which is consistent with the growth that we saw in 2019. The penetration there is already very high compared to our other markets around the world. In fact, if I reflect on e-commerce, I think we've got good momentum. We are increasing our market shares. We have some PPA gaps. We cannot yet always offer the consumer the sizes at the prices that they want. So we will continue to launch e-commerce specific packs, which is a little bit more difficult in click and collect. And we are also further investing in people and in infrastructure. So overall, we see very strong momentum in e-commerce.
Alexia Howard: Wonderful. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hello and good evening folks.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Jason.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Jason.
Jason English: Thank you so much for squeezing in. I very much appreciated. I wanted to come back to the productivity comments, and it sounds like you have a lot of initiatives under way. Obviously cutting 25% of SKUs and the impacts on your supply chain can be quite robust. I think your productivity has been tracking south of 2%, net productivity fell up to 2% of COGS the last year or two. A) Is that right? And b) as we think about the sort of run rate into the fourth quarter, where do you think that figure's going to fall by the time we hit the fourth quarter.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Maybe I'll comment on this, and then Dirk can chip in. I think you got the number on about right. There have been quarters where the number has been a little bit higher, quarters where the number has been a little bit lower. And remember, the impact that is due to what we call supply chain reinvention is a little bit lower than it has been in the past. We count on volume leverage above all to get our productivities stepping up. We count on other small changes that we're going to make in some places and bigger one and others. And we count on this concept of continuous improvement. We have a new leader in supply chain, and she has developed quite a bit of a strategy. And I think we have what it takes to continue to deliver profit through productivity. To your point, obviously, when you look at some of the numbers across the board, you can realize that productivity in Latin America this quarter wasn't great because of clear volume declines. And if you talk about productivities, including COVID costs, productivities haven't been great in Q2 overall as we had to incur additional cost. You will see an improvement in Q3. And in Q4, you will see a full effect of COVID costs coming down quite a bit. And also on the flip side, you will see material cost savings that we are about to implement, and we have, for some part already implemented in terms of tightening the belt, not only in the supply chain, but also in the overhead area, so all of this should come to maximum fruition in Q4.
Jason English: Okay. I guess what I was really angling at was it sounds like you're going to have a very large productivity year in 2021. Because if you hit the run rate in 4Q, that's a modest spillover. And it sounds like some of these initiatives. You're not even going to have fully impacted until you bleed into the early next year. So I'm going to try one more time to come back at that number. That legacy sort of 2%, what do you think it might look like next year in context of all these initiatives?
Luca Zaramella: Look, it should be better than quite honestly, than that number. That is the expectation, obviously. Having said that, we don't know exactly how Q3 and Q4 will play out, imagine about 2021. But do we expect by lapping some of these extra COVID costs and the fact that, as you pointed out correctly, we are having a spillover impact into next year of all these cost savings. Do we expect the benefit? Yes, absolutely. I think the counter to that is, in some cases, a little bit of more inflation around certain cost areas. But overall, the simple straight answer is, do we expect that the productivities next year? At this point, I would say so.
Jason English: Yes. Thank you very much.
Luca Zaramella: You're welcome, Jason.
Operator: And your final question is from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead sir.
David Palmer: Thanks. And thanks for your earlier comments on Europe. It sounds like the trade shipment timing and the travel channel each hurt the second quarter organic revenue. You made also a comment. I think it was an answer to a question that you would get back to growth in the third quarter. Is that because of the shift in retail inventory? Or is there other consumer or channel trends that are giving you confidence into the second half in Europe?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. I would say that in Europe, if you exclude because for historical reasons, we've always added world travel retail into our European numbers. And so the number you've always seen includes world travel retail. Now world travel retail in this quarter is virtually zero because there was the duty free shops were closed. If you take that out, Europe was already growing low single-digit but it was growing. The reason why it was not higher than low single-digit is that they have a number of other channels, particularly foodservice, and impulse, so convenience, which are about 20% together with world travel retail of their sales, they were affected by the lockdowns and the consumer not being out and about. Europe is going back to normal, better than what we're seeing in North America. So we are seeing gradually those two channels coming back. We're even expecting world travel retail to start showing a little bit of sales in Q3. So that's really the effect we're talking about and why we feel that Europe will show positive numbers, including world travel retail going forward.
David Palmer: And then just on products line  go ahead. Sorry, Luca.
Luca Zaramella: And if I may maybe add one thing. I think the other thing that is more predominant now is our share gains and share gains are expanding in Europe in the latest region. So we see a benefit coming out of share and chocolate consumption as we look at Q3 is going to be quite good. So as Dirk said, there is a little bit of trade stock repiping, there is a little bit of an improvement in all these channels that created a headwind in Q3. But importantly, the underlying consumption in the rest of the business, due mostly to share, and I would say also solid category is improving in Q3 from where we sit today.
David Palmer: And I think you just touched on it a little bit. I'm just wondering about the profit or the leverage line to this organic revenue. You said COVID costs and mix headwinds leading to that negative 11 or how much are those headwinds going away into the second half for that segment? Or do you expect that this topline growth will lead to a bottom line growth as well?
Luca Zaramella: In relative terms, the supply chain in Europe has been the most impacted by COVID extra costs. You will still see an impact in Q3. And so profit will be better in Q3. Again, it won't be all the way to bright. You will see a much better profit number again from where we sit today and what we see into Q4 at this point in Q4. So there is a material cost. We have multiple plants that serve multiple countries in Europe. So logistically, it is more difficult for people to get into the plant as they come, in some cases across the borders. And it is more difficult as there was in some places, a little bit of higher absenteeism that we still see to a certain extent. And importantly, some of the cost that we saw to protect all our people have been for one reason or the other a little bit higher than Europe, and so you will still see an impact in Q3.
David Palmer: Got it. Thank you very much.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, David.
Operator: And there are no further questions in queue at this time. I would like to turn the call back to our speakers for closing remarks.
Dirk Van de Put: Well, thank you for connecting. And I think I can wrap it up by saying, from our perspective, it was a solid Q2, particularly seeing the circumstances that we faced around the world. We exited the quarter with very good momentum, and we see a confirmation of that momentum in July. We have the fuel to invest in our growth within our P&L for the second half, and so we feel very confident that we will exit 2020 with some strength and are heading for a great 2021 also. So thank you again, and looking forward to talk to you in the coming quarters.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Mondelez International First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Todays call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Id now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations from Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website, mondelezinternational.com/investors. During this call, well make forward-looking statements about the Companys performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. As we discuss our results today, unless note as reported, well be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures, which adjust for certain items included in our GAAP results. In addition, we provide our year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis, unless otherwise noted. You can find the comparable GAAP measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. Before I speak to the agenda, I would like to remind everyone that we have an upcoming investor call on May 8 to coincide with our annual Snacking Made Right report. Both Dirk and our Chief Impact Officer, Chris McGrath will discuss sustainability and wellbeing. Theyll talk more about our approach, targets and progress on this call as well as answer your questions on those topics. In todays call, Dirk will provide a business update. Then Luca will take you through the financials and our outlook. Well close with Q&A. With that, Ill now turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Thanks, Shep, and hello, everybody. Let me begin by saying thank you to our colleagues for all that they are doing during this unprecedented human crisis in our factories, our facilities, our distribution network and our sales force. Our teams are working night and day to keep the food supply chain going. Our greatest asset is our people. Theyre determined and dedicated. Theyre courageous and they do love our consumers. Because of them, we have delivered outstanding results in exceptional circumstances. Id also like to take the opportunity to wish everybody else all the best at this difficult time, our investors, our business partners and clients and of course, our consumers. The challenges we face are unlike anything weve seen before, but we firmly believe really merged stronger from this. In turning to Slide 5, we have clear priorities for managing the volatile environment that is caused by this pandemic. First, we are supporting our colleagues. Their wellbeing is our highest concern. Weve put in place strict health protocols including temperature screening, social distancing, mass clearing, and the mandatory work from home policy for everyone who can and weve provided frontline employees with enhanced benefit. We extended sickly for anyone who contracts the virus and in markets like the U.S., we announced increased hourly pay and bonuses for frontline workers. Were also supporting our communities. In March, we announced the program to donate $15 million in cash and products to COVID relief. And in fact, weve already exceeded our original plan by $5 million. The recipients included the Red Cross organizations in the United States, Italy, Switzerland and the Philippines, the National Health Service trust in UK, and food banks across Latin America to name a few. In addition, our themes have responded to local needs with creative solutions. For instance, in the UK and Slovakia, we redeployed our 3D printers to create parts for face masks used by frontline care workers. And in several markets, we started making hand sanitizers. Im very proud of our response and believe that we are doing the right thing. Our next priority, of course, is business continuity. Our supply chain has been resilient, and weve delivered consistent service to our customers. Case Fill rates, in fact, are at better-than-average levels. Weve seen an increase in demand in developed markets, and weve met it by focusing on the most important SKUs. Our strong relationship with our suppliers have helped us maintain critical raw materials and packaging supplies. And we have worked with local governments to keep our factories open during lockdowns. Weve also maintained our cost discipline and managed cash appropriately. Weve made adjustment to spending like more tailored promotions, and in A&C to just focus on working media. Were reducing non-critical capital expenditure, and are maintaining strict control over working capital and inventory. And we are also closely monitoring foreign exchange markets and adjusting where necessary. Under these circumstances, we are preserving capital and liquidity. Weve taken opportunities to increase liquidity through extensions to our credit facilities, and weve also stopped our share buybacks in March. We refinanced short-term debt also at attractive levels. Overall, our priority is clearly to emerge stronger from this. We are confident that we can do that because before the epidemic took hold, our strategy was working well. We are also better positioned than ever to handle a situation like this, given the consumer focus and the locally oriented organizational structure weve put in place recently. We are now accelerating a number of strategic initiatives, and continuing to invest in our brands and capabilities to remain the preferred choice of our customers and our consumers. In turning to Slide 6, we executed well in the first quarter, even as the virus was spreading. Organic net revenue growth was 6.4% driven by developed markets performing strongly in March. Overall, the first two months of the quarter were in line with last years results showing strong top and bottom line growth. The exception, of course, was China that showed a significant slowdown in February. But then in March, China started to come back quickly, thanks to our local first approach, which puts the decision rights and the accountability where they are almost  where they are the most needed. Also, North America and Europe became strong drivers. Consumers not only stocked up but also consumed more of their trusted brands and including some new consumers entering into our brands. Execution was strong for our Easter business, and our teams were very agile in meeting that increased demand. And our supply chain stayed strong and was resilient. At the same time, emerging markets started to experience disruptions. Sometimes we had quite abrupt lockdowns that made sales and distribution more difficult. Because of the lockdowns, we also saw a decreased offtake in the traditional trade. And these lockdowns sometimes made it even difficult to produce because our people could not reach the factories. Despite these difficulties and the headwinds, we will continue to see that the long-term prospects of emerging markets remain attractive. Our emerging market footprint is a differentiator and is a key part of our long-term growth strategy. A few other channels also performed less well due to COVID. Our world travel retail business dropped significantly, and also away-from-home was impacted. All this the reduction in traditional trade and the away-from-home hit gum and candy, which is sold more often in away-from-home channels. We also incurred higher costs to keep clients supplied. The mix changed due to higher demand for larger family packs, for instance. Our supply chain cost also rose because we had to hire temporary workers, we had to increase compensation and saw costs for distribution increase, and we did see some currency impacts in emerging markets. So far in April, what we see is that where we have the freedom to operate, we are doing quite well. In developed markets, we continue to see elevated demand, though not at the same level as in March. And in emerging markets, we do have clear headwinds driven by lockdowns and potential economic downturns. We also expect those cost headwinds to continue because we will continue to invest in additional health and safety measures to protect our people. We will continue to see higher personnel and distribution costs. The mix will continue to be a factor, and we will see the ongoing impact of ForEx. All this makes it difficult to forecast what will happen. But overall, we do expect to come out of this stronger with increased market share. Now to Slide 7. Despite this challenging environment, I think we can be proud of what we have achieved. Since September 2018, we have increased investment in our brands, both in terms of quantity but also quality and ROI. As a consequence, we saw record share levels in Q1. We held or gained share in 80% of our markets. Biscuits, which is around 45% of revenue, has seen the biggest spike in demand due to COVID-19, and that also is a category where we saw share increase the most. Overall, just to give a few examples. In the U.S., our Biscuit brands, Oreo, belVita, Ritz, Triscuit and Wheat Thins out-posted mid-teens growth or more in the first quarter, which drove share gains of 2.5 points in the last reading. In China, we saw share gains of 7 points in the latest reading. And in the UK, we saw gains of 1.5 points over the Easter period. While dynamics were different by market, global snacking categories were strong. We also saw strong momentum in our categories, especially in biscuits and chocolate, but less so in gum and candy. On Slide 8, as stated, we expect headwinds in the second quarter, but we remain very positive about our longer-term prospects. We are convinced we will emerge stronger because we are the market leaders in resilient categories and have an unrivaled portfolio of global and local brands. Were seeing consumers snacking more. They are looking for that moment of comfort offered by biscuits and chocolate in todays stressful circumstances. In particular, our trusted brands and our taste of the nation brands bring a sense of normalcy, and we can give the consumer that normalcy with our brands around the world. So since we have a unique setup, thanks to our brands, also our organization and scale, we are convinced our categories will continue to present significant opportunities. Were also focused on operational excellence. We will keep manufacturing, shipping and delivering despite the many headwinds around the world. Our powerful direct store distribution in the U.S. to our deep-rooted local distribution in emerging markets will make sure that our products will continue to be available for consumers. Were also managing our costs in order to be able to invest to win. So we are fully planning to continue to increase support for our brands and capitalize on the recent share gains as we are focused on long-term sustainable growth. At the same time, we will double down on driving efficiency by accelerating simplification initiatives, increasing our agility and very strong cost controls. And lastly, we have liquidity and balance sheet strength because we further strengthened our balance sheet and the liquidity so that we can make sure that we can handle the fluid situation no matter what. So let me turn to our strategy on Slide 9. We will continue to focus on our three strategic priorities and our long-term financial algorithm. Although we will take opportunities to make short-term tactical shifts as required. We are convinced our strategy is the right one, and its proving to be a plus in the current situation. Our local-first approach with strong local business unit empowerment and an efficient supply chain is giving us speed and reliability. Our organization has gone through a lot of change, and we have developed more agility, so we were able to adapt quickly to the new circumstances. Our local brands are showing a resurgence driven by consumers going back to a feeling of comfort and trust in familiar products. And as you know, a big chunk of our portfolio are local brands. Were also taking the opportunity to accelerate certain initiatives. In growth, we are adjusting our marketing and innovation projects by increasing our spend on working media and at the same time, simplifying our portfolio. In addition, we see opportunities in both revenue management and in e-commerce, where we can capitalize on increased demand from at-home shopping. On execution, well increase our supply chain efficiency while continue to reduce our cost basis. We are also streamlining the amount of projects and activities here. And in culture, well build on the agility weve seen in the organization to further enhance our ways of working. Turning to Slide 10, we remain committed to our people and communities for the long-term, and believe our sustainability initiatives are as important as ever. Companies need to be doing the right thing. And due to this crisis, the consumer will become even more conscious about the fragility of our planet. So our focus is on protecting our ecosystem; we are caring for our people, weve made donations to support our communities; weve increased credit support to our suppliers and our distributors to help them weather the crisis; and were determined to continue to deliver on our environmental and social goals. And on May 8, as Shep mentioned, we will have a special investor session to highlight our ESG targets and plans. We invite you all to join the call. And with that, I will hand it over to Luca.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk, and good afternoon. Before getting into our financial results, I would like to echo Dirks comment when it comes to thanking our people and teams across this company. Im really proud of how everyone in the organization has come together in the face of this situation and brought their resolve, energy and creativity to help us navigate challenges and finding solutions. With respect to results, we have some performance the first quarter on both the top and bottom line. Our revenue grew by 6.4% and will supported by the expansion in each one of our four regions, with particular strength in North America and Europe. We also delivered record share growth performance throughout the quarter, due to a combination of supply chain and sales execution as well as recognized quality of our global and local brands. These factors enabled us to grow share by 50 basis points on a year-to-date basis, and 1 point in the latest reading, or hold or gained share in 80% of our revenue base. Our revenue growth driven by favorable volume and pricing dynamics enabled us to post solid profit dollar and EPS growth despite some significant COVID related costs. In addition to turning in a good P&L performance, we also took an opportunity out of an abundance of caution to further strengthen our balance sheet position and liquidity profile. On Slide 13, you can see we performed well across all our key metrics. Importantly, we generated significant profit dollar growth with volume leverage that offset extra costs related to COVID. This allowed us to invest more A&C in the quarter. Moving to Slide 14. We saw our top line results driven by an acceleration in our developed market, which grew more than 7%. These markets were performing well through February before step up in March due to increase in-home consumption. This trend has extended into April, though at a less elevated rate and predominantly in North America, as Europes positive impact in retail is offset by headwinds in our whole travel retail business. Emerging market growth was 4.5%, or 2.4% when excluding Argentina. Similar to developed markets and leading China aside, this set of countries was performing very well and in line with our expectations for the first two months of the quarter before strict lockdowns in late March began to have a material impact on traditional trade. China was a bright spot, as the team did an outstanding job and demonstrated resilience in order to not only bounce back from COVID-related headwinds, but actually post low single-digit growth for the entire quarter. Overall, the potential of emerging markets remains unchanged, and we will continue to invest appropriately to maximize long-term growth opportunities in these markets. Biscuit is performing extremely well, given the advantaged position and trusted brands that we have, predominantly in developed markets. Chocolate overall was positive, but not impacted by some emerging market lockdowns, particularly India and our travel retail business. Overall, notwithstanding some COVID-related headwinds, we were very happy with our chocolate performance in Q1. Now lets review our profitability on Slide 15. We increased gross profit by nearly 6% in Q1. Strong volume in developed markets was partially offset by roughly flat volume mix in emerging markets, primarily as a result of COVID disruptions. Pricing was positive across both developed and emerging market, and in all of our four regions. Additional costs associated with overtime, frontline workforce bonuses and customer service and logistics tempered gross profit results. Operating income grew nearly 6%, as high A&C and front line expenses were partially offset by cost reduction programs and volume mix gains. Moving to regional performance on Slide 16. North America grew 13.4% driven by strong share gains and COVID-related consumption. Biscuits growth was broad based across both global and local brands. Oreo, belVita, Ritz, Triscuit and Wheat Thins out-posted mid-teens growth or more. Strong execution in manufacturing, our robust DSD network and alternative channel growth in cloud value and e-commerce were critical factors in achieving this performance. Although the quarter was strong, we did see softer results in Gum, given its impose nature and the lag in convenience relative to other channels as well as some share losses in Gum. The North American region grew operating income by more than 20% as significant volume leverage more than offset additional labor and distribution costs. Europe executed well in the quarter with revenue growth of 4.3%. Strong sales, supply chain and brand execution resulted in a largely volume-driven growth quarter. The UK, Germany and Italy all grew mid-single digits, while Russia continued its momentum with high single growth behind strong volumes and share gains. Our Easter season was successful with flat year-over-year growth, which is outstanding given the shorter Easter season and COVID-related challenges. Importantly, we believe the early sell-out data suggests share gains. On the flip side, we did experience some headwinds related to the convenience channels, mostly in World Travel Retail and Gum. Adjusted OI dollar declined slightly due to a more difficult compare related to commodity cost pipeline, which we expected and we mentioned to you last quarter as well as some higher A&C costs and some COVID-related costs. AMEA grew 2.2% with some different dynamics across the region. A number of markets, such as India and Southeast Asia saw significant disruptions late in the quarter related to strict lockdowns that caused widespread traditional trade closures as well as some difficulties to operate. In fact, both India and Southeast Asia were slightly positive for the quarter. China recovered quite well from the lockdown and grew low single digits in the quarter behind strong Biscuit results. Australia and New Zealand delivered a good performance with mid-single-digit growth behind strong Easter execution and share gains in chocolate. Overall, and on the positive side, AMEA is posting a very good performance on shares with widespread gains. AMEA operating income dollars declined by approximately 8% due primarily to lower-than-typical volumes and leverage in addition to extra costs related to COVID. Latin America grew 7% due primarily to inflation driven growth in Argentina. Revenue was flat when excluding Argentina. Mexico grew slightly behind solid Biscuit performance. And although the market decline in Gum and Candy, we grew share. In Brazil, we were flat. Biscuits and candy were solid, while the powder beverage category continued to decline. We took actions in Q1 around new marketing communication and product formulation but it is very early stages. Our Western Andean countries were at the harvest in the region by COVID. An aggressive lockdown had a significant impact on the traditional trade, which is most of the business in this country cluster. Adjusted OI dollars in Latin America declined by 3.5%, primarily due to headwinds associated with negative mix as well as the impact of currency. Turning to EPS on Slide 20. Q1 EPS grew nearly 11%. This increase primarily reflected operating gains driven by revenue growth. Clearly, we saw the impact of COVID in the top line as well as in additional expenses to keep the operations running at the right levels. Moving forward, we expect costs related to labor, customer service and logistics to increase, and we expect a negative mix impact. Our teams are working to find offset. However, we expect the net effect on earnings to be significant in terms of additional costs as we look at Q2 and into the second half. Ill now move on to our free cash flow results on Slide 21. We delivered free cash flow of $70 million, which was in line with our plans and included some discrete indirect tax payments. We are maintaining strong rigor around both working capital and our own cash management. We have clear priorities for the remainder of the year, which include protecting critical reducing non-critical items. Optimizing discretionary cash spending and aligning restructuring initiatives to new needs in this operating environment. Moving to Page 22. We returned $1.1 billion to our shareholders in the first quarter. As a cautionary measure, we made the decision to suspend our share buyback program. There is no change to our long or short-term dividend policy. Although we maintain  although we may adjust tactics to reduce non-critical uses of cash and maximize liquidity, our focus and prioritization of investing in our business is unchanged. While on capital allocation, I wanted to make mention of our acquisition of Give & Go for approximately $1.2 billion, which closed on April 1. This growth platform is a leader in the large and fast-growing in-store bakery channel with fully finished fresh products. This category has been growing mid-single digit over the past several years, and thats been gaining square footage in stores, and it is a demand driver. We are excited about the opportunity to further grow this platform, and cross-sell with some of our traditional brands. Although the acquisition did not close until early April, the business performed well in Q1. Let me take a moment to address an area that I know is on the mind of investors across all of their portfolio companies which is balance sheet trends and liquidity. We feel very good about the strength and flexibility of our balance sheet. We have ample liquidity with approximately $9.5 billion of committed and mostly undrawn credit facilities. In addition, we have opened a low-cost access to that capital market. This includes commercial paper or the recent $1 billion in debt that we issued earlier this month at favorable rates. Let me underscore that we are committed to maintaining our investment-grade status and access to Tier 2 commercial paper. As you saw from our release earlier, we are no longer providing a financial outlook for the full year 2020. The outlook for the balance of the year depends heavily on the expected impact of COVID-19 and the duration of the staying at home orders across regions. Both of which remained uncertain, limiting our ability to forecast with precision. A few additional points I would like to make related to our outlook and year. Our near focus is on all of our people and those that play a key role across our manufacturing, distribution and sales function. We are seeing incremental costs and cannot predict what new headwinds might emerge as a result of COVID crisis. We will make decisions to protect our people and come out of this situation stronger. Given the circumstances, quarterly earnings will obviously be less of a priority, but our long-term strategy and focus around investing in our business and driving balanced profitable growth has not changed. Although, were not providing full year guidance at this time, I wanted to share some thoughts regarding tailwinds and headwinds from the second quarter. With respect to tailwind, we expect continued positive impact from increase in-home consumption and expandable consumption in developed markets, especially in this case. We are also taking some actions to mitigate costs across the business, which means taking a fresh look at the entire business and looking for additional opportunities that do not impact our revenue-generating investment. We also expect some tailwinds from optimizing A&C investment, which means the timing is likely to shift in certain cases from Q2 to the second half. In terms of expected headwinds, we expect the negative impact that we saw in late March and through April to continue in emerging markets as it relates to traditional trade closures. World travel retail, which is a few hundred million dollar business, is expected to see significant declines. Our Gum category, which is consumed more than our other categories out-of-home and is the most impose in nature, is expected to see material declines. And we expect higher costs to drive our current operation and support the continuity of business during the crisis. Currency impact is greater now than earlier this year. As we stand today, it would decrease full year net revenue growth by approximately 4%  5% and adjusted EPS by approximately $0.10. We will continue to monitor the situation and keep you updated as appropriate. Our long-term growth algorithm is unchanged. As Dirk said earlier, we will continue to run this business for mid to long-term sustainable growth, which means we are investing to win in the market by delivering share gains to drive profit dollars and to return capital to our shareholders. Ill now turn it over to Dirk for some closing comments.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Luca. As we look to the next weeks and months, we are clear about our priority, are: first interest is in taking care of our people, keeping them protected and being a good partner to customers and suppliers by taking care of our ecosystem. As stated, while we may see headwinds in short-term in emerging markets, our long-term emerging market opportunities remain significant, so we will stay the course. Our priority is to ensure routes to market remain intact so we can recover immediately the minute that markets emerge from lockdown. We are prepared to ride the wave of increased demand in our developed markets, and well focus on ensuring our supply chain remains strong to fulfill the increased demand. The current environment is dynamic, and every day brings new challenges, so we will continue to be agile and act with speed to deal with them. And even if we see headwinds in the second quarter, we have everything we need to emerge stronger and faster. And as such, well continue to invest in our brands, our customers and our people. With that, I will turn to Shep to open the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks very much everybody. Dirk, to start off, you talked a number of times about looking to emerge from all of this in a stronger position. I was hoping you could expand a bit on that. Its clear market shares took a big step forward. And it seems like scale, brand strength, supply chain have all been pretty clear advantages at this stage. But I guess, should we anticipate some additional investment as the year progresses, if there are opportunities to do so. And if so, what form might those take, whether its advertising, go-to-market investments and such. That would be helpful. And then just I have a quick follow-up.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Thank you, Andrew. I would say, first of all, we were entering this crisis unlike in the past from a position of strength, and our strategy was working. We saw good growth in January and February and we had a recipe that was working for us, and we are trying to get back to the recipe as soon as we possibly can and we get this behind us. You pointed out a few things there, categories. If you go back to past crisis, particularly Biscuits, but also Chocolate tend to do quite well. Gum and Candy, a little bit less, but also meals, cheese in these circumstances are not that much affected and sometimes see increased consumption as you, for instance, can see right now with Biscuits. While we are the global market leader, we still have significant headroom to grow and you saw the results of this quarter, and I think that will still be a big possibility for us to keep on increasing our market share, particularly in circumstances where some of the more local or smaller competition might have a slightly hardest time than we do. I think we have the right set up with the local teams, changing the structure that we did. We saw in China  3%-plus growth in China in the first quarter is excellent work by our team. And that is through the fact that they made the decisions right away and they were on the ball, and could make things happen without having to pass a lot things. And then, I think we still have the opportunity to go wider with our categories, both organically and with our brands, and we can go also inorganically. Maybe this period offers an opportunity, just as we have recently done with perfect  done with Perfect Snacks and Give & Go. There is a number of other things I think that we are working on. Execution has been excellent for us. We are reducing investment in the second quarter and trying to increase our investment in the third and the fourth quarter, which would mean over the year that probably we will not increase our investment. But at least keep it stable and have a significant increase, when things are back to normal in the second half of the year of our investments and see some return to growth as soon as we can, or continuation of growth depending on what happens in the second quarter. So, I think, all that are reasons for us that we believe that we can emerge from this stronger, and we are accompanying all that, as Luca said, with strong focus on costs, which allow us to do that extra investment in the second half and absorb some of the headwinds that we will be facing. So, I think those are some of the reasons  the main reasons why we believe that we can come out of this stronger, and thats really our focus.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. Thank you for that. And then, just a quick one maybe, just if you could, a quick walk around just some of the key emerging markets. They are not all created equal, and how long you maybe see it taking in some of these key markets to get back to a more normalized consumption pattern obviously with the best information we have today? Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So, first of all, I think, as you know, we have strong positions. We have a clear strategy in these markets and we have strong local management, which is critical in these times. If you start to group our emerging markets, overall they are about, lets call it, 37% of our net revenue. But if you look at the groups within that, I think its important to sort of separate them and understand a little bit whats going on. So, first one is China. China is over 10% of our emerging markets. We saw low single-digit growth in Q1. We had a strong bounce back. We had significant share gains. And while maybe the categories Biscuits and Gum or not quite back to where they were before the crisis, through that market share gain, we are doing quite well, and we see the market recovering gradually. India is another important market for us, of course, also 10% of our emerging markets, a significant closures of the traditional trade at the moment, which is about 75% of our revenues. There is clear, some short-term impact, but we expect sequential easing of restrictions. We have very strong distribution system. Weve got products that are across all price points with a strong presence in low unit price points. So, I think, the return there will be fast, plus we can still grow by increasing our distribution and going into adjacencies. And then, the last one there, Southeast Asia is really into a similar position as India. So that cluster, I would say, China is already kind of back in India, Southeast Asia will go fast. Second cluster is Eastern and Central Europe, not that heavily affected in the first quarter. There will be more lockdown restrictions in the first half of April, but overall, traditional trade is only about 20% of revenues there. We have a strong team. We did also have strong share gains, and we have a very good branding strategy. So we think this part will not be as heavily affected and we will be back to normal quite strongly. And then, switching to Latin America, Mexico, which is  those European markets are more than 20% of our emerging markets. And then Mexico, we think that we have a macro environment thats soft, but operations are continuing to run well. Theyre related to the crisis, and we see a deeper contraction. But we have strong consistent trackers and we think we will come back fast. So, I would say, about two-thirds of our emerging markets we feel pretty good about. And then the others, thats where we have much stronger traditional trade. Im talking about Argentina, Brazil, Middle East and Africa and WACAM. I think those will take a little bit more time. There is a dynamic of traditional trade that is closed with some devaluation, so that it will need to be some pricing. Its only one-third of our emerging markets, but that really remains somewhat challenged and it will probably take us six to nine months to return here. So, thats a quick tour about  around our emerging markets. I hope it was helpful. But I think its important to group it in different clusters, because theyre not all created equal.
Andrew Lazar: Yes. Thanks very much.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Your next question is from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, guys. Hope everyone is doing well in this environment.
Dirk Van de Put: Hey, Dara.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, I hope the same
Dara Mohsenian: First, in developed markets where youve seen the demand strength, can you discuss how much of the increased demand may be more consumer pantry loading versus actual increased consumption and based on the research you mentioned how sticky higher consumption levels might be going forward when social distancing ends? And then, in emerging markets, all the comments around duration were helpful. Can you give us a bit more clarity on if Q2 in aggregate looks like the March sales decline that you guys outlined in the low single-digit decline. Obviously there are various puts and takes by region, but just trying to get a bit more clarity specifically on expectations for Q2 relative to what we saw in March in the emerging markets region? Thanks.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Im sure that Luca will want to jump in certainly on the second question, but if he wants to, on the first question, were not in the same location today, we are all at home. So its a little bit less fluid. So, in the U.S., I would say, yes, there was an original pantry loading in our categories and you would see in Biscuits growth that would approach 30%. And then in the weeks after we saw that come down to high-single digit. First, low double-digit, now high single-digit. Weve been interviewing consumers around the world and we can say that its clear there is increased snacking. And theres three basic reasons for that as we saw. The first one is that there is a lot of out-of-home consumption that has now shifted to in-home. And in-home, there is more grazing, more continuous eating, and snacking takes up a much bigger role, particularly Biscuits. The snacking categories that consumers tell us they are eating more is cheese, so Philadelphia is benefiting also, is fruit and veggies, is biscuits and some salted snacks. So, thats the one reason. The second reason is that sharing a snack with your kids as everybody sort of cooked up in the house brings back a feeling of normalcy of togetherness calming everybody down, and we see them quote that as a big reason. And the third one is that there is some more experimenting going on. We see consumers  new consumers entering our brands. So, for brands like Oreo and Ritz, that was somewhere between 15% to 20%, but in some of our other brands like Fig Newtons or Nutter Butter, its over 40% new consumers. So its clear that the consumption is going up. The penetration is going up, and thats what we currently are seeing. And I believe, as long as we are in this uncertain situation, and as long as we are not having the same out-of-home consumption, our categories, particularly Biscuits, but also Chocolate will benefit from that. By the way, what I quoted here on the U.S., we see the same in Europe 50% of consumers there also say that they are increasing their snacking more occasions and more quantity, and particularly Biscuits, but also Chocolates has seen quite an increase there. So thats a little bit on that consumption that were seeing in developed markets. And maybe, switch to emerging markets, I dont know, Luca, if you want to take that one?
Luca Zaramella: All right. I can go if you prefer. Yes. Well, maybe we can  you start, and then Ill complement and Ill answer the Q2 part of the question.
Dirk Van de Put: So, from an emerging markets perspective, what were seeing is that, in March, the effect was driven by some of the very serious and severe lockdowns that started to happen in places like India, the Philippines, Malaysia. And then, they shifted gradually into Latin America and into places like South Africa. They  of course, since our business is more in the traditional trade there, the effect has been bigger because the consumers dont go through those stores, our sales force and distribution trucks are not always allowed to go there, and the owners often close their stores. Thats starting to come back so April for sure we will see that effect. And I think that in May, we will start to see a significant easing of that situation, and then in June, we will gradually be back to normal. We are all set up to make sure that our route to market is intact. So weve been working very closely with our distributors to make sure that theyre ready to go and that they are in business and surviving, and we are planning to immediately go back. And even in the tough circumstances, the situation, for instance, in India at the beginning was much more severe than it is now. Were certainly not back to selling what we were selling before, but weve improved quite a bit already. So I would say its still a tough April, May improving, and I think June, we should see some return close to normal situation as it relates to visiting and selling into these channels. Luca?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. And thereon Q2, I think, as you said yourself, there are clearly several puts and takes. Certainly in the last part of Q1 in March, and those will expand into Q2, and there is a page in the presentation in the prepared remarks where we discussed several factors as key drivers. How each one will play out going forward? It is quite difficult to predict at this point in time, and there could be both positive and negative impact affecting our quarterly earnings. At this point, quite frankly, we see the acceleration of our Q2 top line versus Q1, given that as Dirk highlighted, the impact of emerging markets was partial in Q1, and it is going to its full expand certainly in April and most likely into part of May. We also see some places that while supply chain is keeping up quite well, particularly in the U.S., and we are very proud with that, there are situations around the world where we have some capacity constraints, and one would be certain places in Europe in Biscuit, but might be potentially some capacity related issues. As we said very clearly, one of the elements that is coming up in Q2 is also the fact that we see higher cost to drive the business. But on the flip side, were working quite intensely to find out any opportunities. We are not going to invest in places where we clearly are capacity constrained or where the demand pickup is very high, but has the exact intention is to go back in the second part of the year and actually spent the same amount of money that we had planned in our original plan. In this time of uncertainties again, it is difficult to make predictions, but we have to do certainties. As we said, we want to stay true to our strategy. We will continue to invest for growth. What Dirk said about more traditional brands being picked up by consumers these days as never before give us an opening to be able to introduce in a stable way. These brands seem to be referred to our  all of our consumers, and we want to take that opportunity very, very seriously. We also, as I said, are looking at all costs, and both tactically and structurally, we are making decisions that will affect the cost structure going forward trying to offset some of the cost implications that we clearly see in part of Q1. We will see more in Q2, and potentially some of that will stay also going forward.
Dara Mohsenian: Great. Thats very helpful. Thanks.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Dara.
Operator: Your next question is from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hey. Good afternoon, everyone.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Bryan.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: So, I just  I had one question. In the conversation so far, there has been a lot of focus on how the lockdowns are affecting your business in emerging markets right now, and maybe how it affected in developed markets, almost in a positive way? But I guess, as we get through this that we end up potentially with the recession in a period of elevated unemployment. Could you just talk about how that factors into sort of a recovery to normalcy? Do you have the flexibility to sort of adjust price points or do things to affect affordability? Just trying to understand how a recession potentially affects the ability to kind of get back to normal.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So, probably the points to make here, and of course its difficult to estimate because this is a very particular type of recession. We dont quite know how were going  how fast and how were going to get out of it. So we base a little bit our learnings on past recessions. So, our categories are durable, and they are not that much affected by these recessions weve seen in the past, and Im talking largely about Biscuit and Chocolate. And in past recessions, they were affected, but they didnt go down in a major way. I would also say, our products are affordable and they are skewed to in-home consumption. And as we discussed before, this is really a recession whereby in-home consumption is benefiting from it. Even our chocolate, which is largely tablet chocolate, its not like bar chocolate is largely in-home consumption. So I think we benefit from that. And then, also private label, which in other categories does well. Private label is penetration in our categories is quite low. Although gum is not our biggest part of our business, weve seen in past recessions that that is usually affected and we see that already. So our estimates at the moment was that before all this started that our categories with grew 3% globally. We think that its reasonable to assume that they may slow down to 2%, 2.5%, but we feel that we should try to make that up by gaining share. And as the recent periods showed that has been possible for us. The reason why we think we can do so good in share is that we are entering this in a position of strength. I believe weve done well in investing in the last two years in our brands, they are stronger than in the previous year. Hence, the market share increased, the portfolios modernized, our communications are much more effective. We have seen in the past, wherein recessions we went in trying to protect in the first place, the bottom line in cutting investments, in brands and capability, that is not the right approach. Because that results in share loss and volume decline. So there is  we will try to play a much finer balance here between top line and bottom line going forward. And I think some of the issues weve had in the past as it relates to execution, North America comes to mind two years ago. We dont have that at the moment, and Im particularly happy to see what weve done recently in these months in North America or how China has come back. And I think execution is a strength for us. Now having said all that, we are making some adjustments that will make it easier for us during the recession. We are reducing our portfolio in the number of SKUs and also the number of innovation initiatives. We are working very hard on the right-pack sizes is doing, what we call, PPA on one hand to get the price points right in emerging markets. But on the other hand also, they have the right at-home facts. We are already looking at investments in overheads and going through all our ZBB pillars again and doing an extra round of savings there. We are doing the same in our supply chain and we are looking for efficiencies as it relates in our ways of working since the crisis showed that we can work in different ways. And maybe we dont need all the offices that we currently have around the world. So there is a major effort going  taking place as it relates to the costs in the business. So having said all that, I think that, yes, there will be a recession. Its going to be different by country. Some countries have seen devaluations where we will need to price more. Other countries, we are already set up well, and its really about getting in front of the consumer and communicating. So, its a mixed bag, but we feel confident that we have the right recipe to get through the recession in a relatively strong and fast way.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Maybe just one thing I would add to that, it is  Bryan. I just step back and you look at the broader strategy we had at CAGNY. We still see tremendous opportunities in emerging markets in terms of distribution route-to-market adjacencies. And I think, on the other side, there could be organic and inorganic opportunities as well. So, we are looking at everything and trying to be ready for maybe challenging times, but we believe we can emerge even stronger in those markets.
Bryan Spillane: All right, thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Bryan.
Operator: Your next question is from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thank you for the question.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Robert.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Robert.
Robert Moskow: I want to know about your developed markets sales in 2Q. And any  it looks like the sales trends are going to remain very strong because of at-home consumption. Have you done any math to figure out how much the first quarter benefited from one-time pantry loading? And maybe that can help us figure out how to think about North America sales growth in 2Q and maybe even Europe. I understand the emerging market guidance, I guess, but Im not sure how much to decelerate developed markets in 2Q.
Luca Zaramella: So maybe Ill start, and then, Dirk, yes, sorry  do you want to go, Dirk?
Dirk Van de Put: No, no, no. Go ahead, Luca. No problem.
Luca Zaramella: I think, on the specific question on how much youre going to see into Q2, again, we see heightened consumption in North America and in some parts of Europe, I think, look, the simple way to answer this question is, before the breakout of COVID, our categories were a little bit north of 3%. And on top of that, we were gaining share. I think, both on positive and negatives, what you see as a difference versus the three category  the 3% plus category and the share gains is the difference that is attributable to COVID. And I would leave it there, high level because it is quite frankly very difficult to understand what would have happened otherwise. I mean, this is literally very different than we could have expected  any one of us. I think, on the other side, I would also tell you, when I look at January and February, those were great months for us. And in developing markets, in places like India as one example, we saw exactly the same trends as last year. Clearly, with the exception of China that got impacted earlier. So, its very difficult for us to tell you what it would have been, but the reference point that I would have, if I had to make an educated guess is, 3% categories and share gains in line with what you saw in Q4 last year, to give you a little bit of the consumption understanding.
Robert Moskow: Okay, thanks. A quick follow-up. You mentioned higher cost to drive the operations in 2Q. Can you help us quantify your overall COVID cost increases for the year, and how much it will be higher in 2Q versus 1Q?
Luca Zaramella: Look, again, this is  the reason why we didnt give guidance is because we dont have visibility on some of these elements and particularly on the duration of the crisis, and some of the costs are related to unutilized assets or under-absorption, which clearly is a little bit of an element that will play-out in Q2. Just for reference, the extra COVID cost in Q1 was around about $40 million to $50 million, most likely closer to $50 million than $40 million, and all of these excludes the volume impact of COVID. So, purely cost in Q1, we had $40 million to $50 million. In Q2, we are going to see quite a bit of a pickup. And the reason being that, particularly in emerging markets, there is a lockdown that is impacting our sales force, there are standard cost, we continue seeing the extra bonuses that we are paying to the sales force and to people that operate in our factories. There is a higher level of absenteeism. And in some places, there is a little bit of temporary labor that we need. And in some cases, there is also lower output. So, I had in mind the number, but again it is very preliminary. We are trying to manage it down, and most importantly what you have to assume is that on top of that cost there will be a series of initiatives on the side that will try to minimize costs where it doesnt really matter in Q2 to spend with intention again to potentially reinvest some of those savings in the second part of the year.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thanks very much.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Robert
Operator: Your next question is from Steven Strycula with UBS.
Steven Strycula: Hi. Good afternoon. Luca, quick clarification, not to go back to Slide 6 too much. But I think what a lot of people are trying to feel out right now is the difference between deceleration in Q2 in sales versus decline on a year-over-year basis in sales. And then I think, what I am hearing is, given whats happening to developed markets, that should be able to  the math itself should be able to offset whats happening in EMs. That would be my quick clarification question. And then I have a more fundamental question for Dirk.
Luca Zaramella: Look, again, it is really tough for us to give you a number at this point in time. What we see  we have regular calls with the regions, every single week, and we go to business unit by business unit. There is quite a bit of volatility week to week. What I can tell you is that if you ask me an educated guess at this point in time, we see continuation of the U.S. quite strongly into April and into the second part of the quarter. But we see material declines in emerging markets that has come to a standstill. All-in-all, I would tell you, it might be negative. But there might be a situation where that impacting is minimized. If we can keep up the  with the demand supply, particularly in Europe and in the U.S. So at this point in time, youre not going to see a high number in Q2. As you saw in Q1, it could be potentially negative. I dont know exactly how much, I dont expect it to be materially negative, that maybe bring you a little bit of color.
Steven Strycula: Very helpful. And then Dirk, just wanted to think through a little bit more to maybe Andrew Lazars question about emerging markets. How do we think about given the managerial changes you guys have made in the marketplace, how those brand managers are thinking about managing the business on both maybe like a 3 to 12-month view? How are you thinking about driving price pack architecture in some of those regions? Are they resourcing themselves a little bit differently in this type of environment to gain share and how do you think about pricing? Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Yes, I think you got it right. So there is a number of changes that our marketing people need to go through. The first one is to understand the mindset of the consumers, and weve already started to adapt the communication surrounding our brands in different places around the world to give you an idea, what type of form that takes is in China, as everybody was at home. We started to realize that cooking with Oreo was something that they really like to do. So we switched our communication to cooking with Oreo, and it had a great effect on our sales. So we are doing a number of things as you can imagine there is a lot of links to helping communities and so on and Oreo around the world is about staying playful. So thats one. Make sure that what our brands communicate is linked to what is on the  in the minds of the consumer or on the mind of the consumer. The second one is to understand that, which price points we need to be, and thats a lot of work in PPA, promotions, different packs. And the packs might be smaller or bigger as I explained between stay-at-home or home consumption and on-the-go consumption. There also we need to make sure that we linked to the different opportunities that we saw with the local brands. So what weve seen is that certainly our local brands are getting an increased interest from consumers. I was explaining the inflow of new consumers into those brands. And so what weve also asked them to do is to make sure that we give a good boost to those local brands. This might be unique opportunity for us to make sure that we get even more traction there. And then the last thing that I would mention that is much more were doing, but this is a moment to really, what I would call it, attack the market, and be strong in the second half of the year. So between the cost savings that we are doing and then shifts within our marketing budgets, where we are shifting a lot of our investment to working media, we are hoping to see a significant increase of our media investment versus last year in the second half of the year, while keeping our P&L obviously within reason. And I think that could have a big effect on the consumer reaction in that second half. Maybe another thing that I would mention is that we are also using this opportunity to significantly reduce the number of SKUs to significant  we have always have had a lot of innovation projects, not always the most useful ones, I would say. So we are reducing significantly our innovation projects. So we are working on making our business simpler. So that gives you sort of the headlines I would say of what our marketing teams are working through at this stage in trying to adapt to this new situation and making sure that we really win in the second half of the year.
Steven Strycula: Thats great. Thanks
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Steven.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Yes. Hey, thanks.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi.
Steve Powers: Again, maybe just to build on that, that dialog, Dirk, and you walked around the emerging markets earlier. I think you did a good job of paying the path toward top line recovery if I understood you correctly. But I guess my question is, from a profitability perspective, does the anticipated improvement run in parallel to that top line recovery with the reabsorption of some underutilized costs or is it likely to come on a slightly further lag given some of those investment initiatives you just spoke to in response to Steve Stryculas question that the leaning in to win in the back half and beyond? Can you just give us a little perspective that would be great?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, yes, and Ill maybe give you my perspective on it, and then Luca, Im sure will jump in also. So the thinking is that we do not have to invest a lot in the second half  sorry, in the second quarter, because theres still a lot of channel restructurings and sales restrictions. And for the consumers that are at home, we told you that the consumption is there. So, and on top, we are complementing that with a severe or a serious effort on costs that weve launched immediately. The culmination of that will be shifting our investment to the second half and having a significant increase in our media spend. But at the same time, using those cost reductions, as we discussed to keep our bottom line, whether I would call within reason. I dont know. Its difficult for us to really forecast Q2. So its even more difficult to do H2. But to have a year that we come out and we are ready to enter 2021 where we have invested in our brands. They are strong. Weve increased our market share. Weve done that through the moves that I explained, and we have a reasonable bottom line for the year, so that we feel that 2021 can be a real winning year for us. Thats the thinking and weve been working through the numbers to make that happen. We accompany that. Some of the cost work were doing is  has to see with our supply chain, with some of our network opportunity. So you can imagine if you reduce your SKUs quite a lot, there is many benefits across the business for that. So some of the work also aims at keeping our supply chain costs under control so that our gross margins also benefit from that. So thats the thinking. Thats what were trying to achieve. Maybe Luca, you want to add a little bit to that?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. I think to your question about the level of under-utilization of some of the assets as the market resumes in emerging market, there might be potentially a lag. I would also tell you one thing though, it is clear at this point in time that some of the trade stock in some of the emerging market is quite low. And so I think there will be a phase as we resume business to normalcy in some of these markets where we will have to make more volume. I think I expect then consumption and expectations from consumers to grow steadily as the thing was going before. So there might be a situation where we actually are able to resume production and get back to some of the levels before crisis quite quickly. As Dick said, emerging markets for us are a little bit of a mixed bag. I would say, if I take China as one example, the fact that we were able to deliver, I think the number was 3%-plus in Q1, that was with volume. And the concept here is, if China is the example of what can happen, and we apply that model to everything, I think it can be very fast. Im afraid, there will be situations where that will be the case. Others where maybe it will take more time, but we dont see a huge lag and we dont see under-absorption as we enter the second part of the year or even as we talk about Q4.
Steve Powers: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good evening.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Chris.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Growe.
Chris Growe: Hi. Just a question for you, if I could, first will be around the second quarter outlook. Are you anticipating or incorporating some like pantry de-loading by consumers? So has the first quarter benefited unusually from this environment, pantry loading, and then we have some of the negative side of that, if you will in the second quarter. I know theres probably answer by country, but from a high level, Im curious how you see that?
Dirk Van de Put: At this stage, we do a lot of research. Weve invested quite a bit in talking to consumers and understanding. At this stage, we do not have the impression that the consumer is sitting on a huge pantry full of our cookies. Weve seen  through these interviews, weve seen some significant consumption. And so we are not necessarily thinking there will be an enormous pantry de-loading. Our products have a limited shelf life, not as limited as some other snacking products, but they are not good forever. So I think the consumer over the course of the second quarter, and certainly into the third quarter, will be inclined to  if they would have pantry stock, to consume it. So we are not expecting a massive effect on it.
Chris Growe: Okay. And then I have  go ahead. Im sorry.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, I will go ahead. I just want to make one clarification as Steve is exciting to ask. The comment I made about the top line as it relates to Q2, it was not only for emerging markets, it was for total Mondelez. When I said that might be slightly negative for Q2, but there is still a little bit of a level of uncertainty, and we dont know exactly how Q2 will pan out for the company. Sorry, Chris, go on.
Chris Growe: Thats okay. Thanks for that clarification. So just the second question will be in relation to the incremental pricing that you will need in the business to offset some of those currency induced cost inflation, if anything. Im just curious, does that start as quickly as the second quarter or you need to get again kind of these countries up and running before you start to implement pricing to start to offset some of the cost inflation?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Look, the reality is we are not necessarily going to face at least from a transaction standpoint the pressure right away. We have good coverage in some of  all our commodities. So actually went up during the crisis or are going up. And even in exchange rate we are covered quite a bit, and I would say also there are puts and takes. Imagine, we are also importing some staff from some of these markets that had been impacted by the valuation. So I think you can see expect that we are making decisions now to optimize independently from the pipeline that we have, the price realization and the volume implications of it. And so we are seeing some price increases already in some marketplaces. And in some cases, we are implementing, though we are following strictly some of the competitors. But the reality is, we have a little bit of time in terms of protecting our margins, and importantly, this is not about a pure line price increase. This is about what we call revenue growth management. And it will be a fine balance between getting productivities, creating the right price points for consumers and implementing the right actions in the marketplace through advertising, for instance, to ensure that volume is kept and scale is kept. We are working through those plans, literally as we speak. But again, you might expect that independently from corporates that we have, we might make some decisions in the second part of the year, in order to give a little bit of breathing room as we enter 2021.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you for that very much.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Awesome. Hey, good evening, guys.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Jason.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Jason.
Jason English: Hello, a couple of quick questions from me, if I can. We  and I apologize if I missed this. You mentioned EMs down 1% or so down low-single digit, sorry down low-single digits throughout the month of March. But I think you also said that it decelerated substantially in the late part of March and remains at that much weaker level through April. What is that weaker level?
Dirk Van de Put: Look, again, the  it really depends on a market-by-market. I give you one example. Take India, okay. India for us, as we have said is a great market. Obviously we all know the potential of that market. It is a $1 billion company for us. I would tell you that when the original lockdown was announced and by the way, there was an unofficial lockdown before that, the company went absolutely blank and it was impossible, given the fact that we have multiple plants to actually get people into the plant, and to have people from the distribution centers to be able to supply the distributors. And it was impossible to even get trucks. So the first phase of the crisis, we literally sold close to zero in that specific market. Today, I would say, we are recovering, and we are a little bit higher than half of the sales that we had last year on a more regular basis. So the situation is improving day by day, but these are the magnitude of the issues we are talking about. And again, the trade is absolutely empty. There is  so we have an opportunity as we go back to receive the pipeline, and we are absolutely right. And you can also imagine that given the strength of that market, we want to do exactly what we did in China. And so the recovery curve might be very close to China in that market. There are other markets like WACOM, where we sell predominantly through traditional trade and distributors where gum is an important part of the business and so is candy. That market again has been materially declining in the last few weeks. I think again, it can go back to normalcy, but it will take some time. So it is really a mixed bag and it is impossible for me to give you a number that is exactly in Q2 for emerging markets. Also that matter for the totality of the company.
Jason English: Okay, okay. Well, I appreciate the effort on it. One more question. Ill pass it on. I imagine that many people are going to interpret your withdrawals guidance as an indication that the numbers you had put out there before are no longer achievable, that youre likely to earn something much less. As we run through  sort of the puts and takes the pros and cons, the balance feels, well, its  just add a little more balanced. Ive got some tailwinds in DMs, I got some headwinds in EMs. Ive got some cost pressure, but you got cost cuts, Ive got promotional retraction. All these that are the offsets. Is it reasonable to assume that the numbers that were out there before at constant currency are indeed unachievable or is it just at the range of outcomes now? So why that you dont want to pin yourself down?
Dirk Van de Put: I think it is really the latter. Let me give you a little bit of a perspective of where its from  in terms of that. First of all, we are saying nothing around the year. So, saying nothing is saying nothing, its not saying something and not wanting to say. It is really, we dont know at this point in time. But lets step back for a second, the first quarter was 6.5%. I told you that Q2 might be moderately negative. The average of the two quarters might be  I dont know, 3% or so. And again, Im guessing at this point, I dont know how long it will take to recover the situation in the second part. But I also told you that there might be a situation where we had to refill the trade. Now I think that is the top line as far as I see it. So there might be  may be a scenario where we might be close to the original guidance we gave you, which was 3%-plus. Now I dont expect it to be the 4 or plus percent that we saw in some quarters last year quite frankly. On the bottom line, I think the situation is different. The situation is the following. There are multiple puts and takes. The number one element that comes into play in Q2, and in the second part of the year is the ongoing extra running costs. I think if you take Q2, there will be, as we said very explicitly, some extra cost that we will incur. Now all these costs, most likely will not stay in the second part of the year, some of those will subside, some of those will stay. I think our job is to make sure that between cost savings and between incremental pricing, we create that space into the P&L to be able to invest and to offset part of this cost. So thats the framework we have in mind. I think again the idea for us is, how do we make all the developing markets, which are the most impacted, recovering with the shape of the curve that we saw in China. Thats the challenge we have today. And we believe we will have to invest some money in the second part of the year, as we have said particularly in working media, to ensure that we protect our franchises and we protect all the share gains that we are seeing. We are winning in this environment. I mean the share gains that were seeing at this point in time, I havent seen never  suddenly in Mondelez and those share gains, it is our job to protect and potentially to expand going forward. That I believe the name of the game for us.
Jason English: Understood. Thank you very much.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Jason.
Operator: And your final question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Good evening, everyone.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Alexa.
Luca Zaramella: Hi.
Alexia Howard: Hi Dirk, thank you for the question. So, just a couple of quick ones from me. Firstly, should we be concerned about European Chocolates in the upcoming couple of quarters? Are you able to give us a rough idea of how much on what proportion of that business is tied to on-the-go impulse type purchases that might be at risk in this kind of environment, where were not on-the-go. And then the follow-up question is really, you talked a lot about these share gains in China and that potentially being a patterns of what youd like to see in other emerging markets. Were the competitors somehow compromised? What  was it just that you were able to outspend them with a particular channel dynamic? Can you just give us a little bit more on the case study of what happened that was quite successful there? Thank you, and thanks for the question.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, thank you. So Chocolate is doing quite well. Globally in the markets where we play Chocolate is growing at almost double-digit and where it grew mid-single digit in 2019, so Chocolate is also benefiting. Now there are channels, like we mentioned, the World Travel Retail and some of the away-from-home channels, i.e foodservice that are affected by this. But those channels are minor. So in Europe, for instance, 75% of our business is in the retail channel, so benefiting from that growth. Second data point is Easter. We were obviously quite worried about Easter. Easter is a big season for us, and the Chocolate category performed quite well again in the markets where we play. And the growth in the last period, which is the Easter period, the growth was double-digit for the category. And that takes into account the fact that Easter came earlier. So the Easter promotional period was shorter. You had the whole issue with the pandemic, which means less travel, less celebration with family and friends, which is very important. The gifting is very important. And we had the supply chains, which were affected by this. Our teams did an excellent job to get our sales in stores in strong ways, and we delivered record share gains. So in the UK, which is our largest Easter market, we gained over 4 points of share and we now have more than 50% of the Easter period. And even in Australia, where retails  where we already have very high market share, we gained another 2.5 points during the Easter period. So Easter in the end, we started promoting a little bit earlier, because we were worried that it might not sell-out, but in the end, it did quite well. But because of that promotion, I would say, year-on-year, the Easter period itself deducting the cost of promotion or so is the same as last year, which is an exceptional performance, taking into account all the factors that I said. So we feel pretty good about the Chocolates. Its a strength. There are areas, as I said, that are minor that are affecting us, but we are still seeing quite solid growth as a company, taking into account even those two channels that we virtually are seeing no sales at the moment. So while where we are, its growing 8%, sometimes double-digit, for the company, its growing close to about 3% if you deduct those channels that I was talking about. The reason why I think our Chocolate is doing well is that were largely in tablets. And tablets are more home consumption than on-the-go consumption. They are family consumption, they are sharing, and those are all important in these circumstances. So I hope that gives you an idea on Chocolate. The second question, I must admit that I forgot the second question, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: China. It was the China...
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, China, China, yes.
Alexia Howard: Yes. With the competitors, what happened?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So the China situation I think is an effect of a number of things. First of all, our Chinese team took it upon themselves to say that they were not going to let this pandemic affect their performance for the year. And thats no matter what they were going to deliver the year. And so they went into this with an incredible vengeance, and they were absolutely convinced that they could do whatever they needed to do. So we had situations where there was no delivery trucks where our people loaded the products in their own cars and drove themselves to the stores to deliver. And so the first element is an incredible drive and passion by our Chinese team to make this happen. The second thing, which we see really around the world is that in these situations, consumers are going back to the brands they trust. They want to go to brands that have the image of being high quality that they really sort of have a respect relationship with an Oreo as an example or Pacific have that for us in China. And so we see a shift of consumers abandoning the lesser quality brands that they treat with a little bit more suspicious  suspicion shifting into the higher quality brand. And theres a real shift in the Chinese market towards quality. So those for me are the two big reasons that we were able to, in the last period, we gained 7 points of market share. So we do want to now keep on growing on that momentum. I think the consumer is helping us. And we now need to follow-up very quickly. Gum is a little bit less. Were doing very well. Were also gaining quite some market share in Gum, but thats the category which is more on-the-go consumption. And that in China up to recently were still quite affected. People do not  did not go out that much. The Chinese team tells me that that is changing quite rapidly. Restaurants are open again and so on. But Gum is going a little bit slower, but there also we see the same sort of gains that we are seeing in the Biscuit market for us.
Alexia Howard: Perfect. Thank you so much. Appreciate it, and good luck with the second quarter.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Alexia.
Dirk Van de Put: I think thats it, Shep?
Shep Dunlap: Yes, thats it.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Well, thank you so much for taking some extra time. We went an hour-and-a-half. But in these circumstances, I think that is appropriate. I hope we were able to explain you as much as we could, how we feel about the business and what we are expecting. We of course would prefer to give you a bit more guidance, but it doesnt feel like its prudent at this stage. There is too many variations at play. But we are convinced of one thing that we will do well seeing the circumstances, and we have a lot of strengths to build on and we are convinced that we will come out of this much stronger and much better than before this crisis. Thank you, and talk to you later.
Shep Dunlap: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Mondelez International Fourth Quarter 2019 Year End Earnings Conference Call. Todays call is scheduled to last about 1 hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Id now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations of Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides which are available on our website, mondelezinternational.com/investors. During this call, well make forward-looking statements about the companys performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. As we discuss our results today, unless noted  as reported, well be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures, which adjust for certain items included in our GAAP results. In addition, we provide our year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis unless otherwise noted. You can find the comparable GAAP measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. In todays call, Dirk will give you an overview of our results as well as a progress update against our strategic priorities. Then Luca will take you through the financials and our outlook. Well close with Q&A. And with that, Ill now turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Shep, and good afternoon, everybody. I will start off on Slide 4, called delivering long-term shareholder value creation. 2019 was a great year for Mondelez International. It was the first full year under our new consumer centric growth strategy. And we delivered strong results on the top and the bottom line, while generating significant free cash flow. Our solid execution and targeted investments in both our global and local brands enabled us to meet or exceed all of our financial targets for the year. These results give us increasing conviction that our strategy will create a sustained momentum in our business, allowing us to deliver on our long-term financial targets in the years to come. Switching to Slide 5, recapping the year, here are a few highlights. We delivered organic net revenue growth of 4.1%, which was broad based across geographies and brands, and was driven by both volume and pricing. In terms of geographies, emerging markets growth was strong, growing mid-single digit in ex-Argentina and driven primarily by key geographies like China, Russia and India, but also by emerging high growth markets in Southeast Asia. Developed markets showed robust growth with both Europe and North America performing well, delivering share gains and driving category growth. Overall, the results reflect the quality of our brand portfolio with our unique combination of both global and local brands benefiting from increased and targeted investments throughout the year. Our adjusted EPS growth was more than 8% for the year, and we are pleased with our full year free cash flow generation of about $3 billion, which was well ahead of our outlook. Switching to Slide 6, our strategy is now well embedded in the business. In the past 12 months, weve made great strides in implementing it across the different business units. The rollout of the new strategy was reinforced by our new way of incentivizing our teams, assuring that everybodys clear on what is important. At its core, we are constantly trying to be more consumer centric using our new and unique understanding of consumers around the world to develop a more effective and a more consistent approach to marketing. And as a consequence, growth in our global brands has accelerated further, while our local brand growth is now very close to overall category growth. Weve also invested in further growth in non-grocery channels like discounters, e-commerce and convenience, as well as in expanding our distribution in fast-growing, developing markets like China, India and Russia. As it relates to innovation, we are becoming more agile and faster trying many new ideas, and in fact, rolling out fewer initiatives, but with bigger success. We are clear to that strategy only succeeds with outstanding execution. And while we still have a long way to go, I credit a big part of our results to better execution in our commercial as well as our supply chain operations. North America supply chain in 2019 definitely showed significant improvement. Our European teams executed against the seasonal opportunity like Easter and Christmas better than in recent years and our teams in India and China reached the highest level of execution in store as well as in the plants. However, the opportunity to constantly improve our execution remains significant, as our recent struggles with our supply chain in Brazil would indicate. As it relates to our operating costs while we are in the first place trying to leverage volume growth to a lower delivered cost per ton. We still see significant opportunity to optimize many other cost areas. While more and better marketing as well as strongly improved execution have driven our 2019 results, a shift in mindset around the company, also has had an important impact. The most important part of the shift was driven by our local first approach, basically empowering local business units to make the right choices for their consumers and their clients. This empowerment has led to clearer accountability and faster decision-making and was reinforced by focused incentives. I am proud of how the teams have embraced this new culture and really believe that this model has great potential for the future. While we are talking about culture, Id also like to mention a change in the leadership of our Latin American region. We are announcing today that Gustavo Valle will join us as Region President, Latin America, effective February 1st. Gustavo comes from Danone, where hes held numerous positions around the globe. In his last role, he was leading the global dairy and plant based division. Earlier in his career, he managed the Argentina and Brazilian business, and brings with him significant experience in the volatile economies of Latin America. I look forward to working with Gustavo again. Switching to Slide 7. While we are excited about our financial results and prospects in todays world, any consumer business needs to have as strong as social and environmental agenda as a financial agenda. Our own employees as well as our consumers demand it and customers, investors and other stakeholders expect it. So, Im happy to say that in 2019, we have made great progress in embedding our purpose to empower people to snack right. We announced the new sustainable snacking strategy with new goals and stronger commitments. In cocoa, our biggest commodity, we are committing to sourcing the equivalent of 100% of the cocoa we need for our chocolate brands through our Cocoa Life program by 2025. Today, I am proud to share that weve achieved 63% by the end of 2019 and increased from 43% in 2018 and with a clear roadmap for the remainder. Earlier this year, we joined other major companies in renewing our commitment to the Paris climate accord and have set our path towards further reduction in carbon emissions. Looking towards the consumer, were focused on making the packaging for all our products 100% recyclable by 2025. And by the end of 2019, we are already at 92% with some interesting trials underway to unlock the remaining 8% of that journey. Finally, as it relates to the mindful enjoyment of our products, we are committed to increasing our mix of portion controlled packs to 20% of our total revenues. Were well underway with 15% already sold in such formats. We know that our future growth and success as a company depends on ensuring people and planet thrive, and we are committed to tracking and reporting on our progress and impact transparently along the way. I look forward to sharing more with you in 2020. and with that, I will now hand it over to Luca.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk and good afternoon. on the slide 9, is our financial performance for both quarter four and full year. We ended 2019 strongly, continuing the momentum were created since the beginning of our new strategic plan. This is the case as this relates to organic top-line growth that translated into earnings growth and free cash flow. We believe these outcomes to be high quality. revenue growth was broad-based by region, global and local brands and in terms of developed and emerging markets. As a matter of fact, 12 out of the 13 business units delivered growth in 2019. importantly, there was a good balance of volume and pricing, both of which are important. Volume allowing us to leverage the great infrastructure we have created with much work over the last few years and pricing to drive value. This balance results in top-line drove attractive profit dollar growth while enabling reinvestments in our brands. in Q4 and throughout 2019, we also made significant investments in area like Europe and AMEA to further support our brands and broader growth initiatives as well as in the biscuits category, North America and certain markets in Latin America. These investments were in line with our original plan and a bit higher in certain areas and delivered unexpected returns and share gains. Turning to slide 10. overall, we grew 4.1% in both Q4 and in 2019. We deliver strong volume and pricing led growth in virtually all key emerging markets like China, India, Southeast Asia, Russia, Mexico and Africa. In aggregate, emerging markets grew approximately 8% for both the year and the quarter. excluding inflation-driven growth in Argentina, emerging markets grew 6% for the year. These results support our conviction that our emerging market footprint is a competitive advantage and the investments we have been making in 2019 and previous years are paying off. Developed markets also delivered solid results for the year and quarter with revenue growth of approximately 2%, driven by improved results out of both Europe and North America. We share gains in both regions. as we said in previous calls, particularly in Europe, these results were aided by longer Easter season and the milder summer than 2018. now, lets review our profitability performance on slide 11. We increased gross profit by 4% for the full year and 4.4% in Q4. This gross profit dollar increase enabled a step-up in growth investments, focused on working media and route-to-market capabilities. We also drove solid OI dollar improvement with volume leverage, pricing and cost savings partially offset by growth investments. Moving to regional performance sounds like 12 for the full year. Europe executed very well for the year with 3.7% revenue growth. These results include strong volume-driven growth in developed markets such as the UK and Germany, which grew mid-single digit as well as Russia, which posted double-digit growth for the full year behind strong volumes and share gains. We deliver consistent execution in chocolate and seasonals throughout the year and the strong execution resulted both in share gains, particularly in our chocolate business and good category growth. Adjusted OI dollars grew by almost 6% in spite of significant investment in areas like A&C. EU shows the full potential of our mobile as we drove solid volume-driven market growth, gained share and delivered strong gross profit progression that allowed for A&C step-up. AMEA grew 5.3%, showing continuous trend across much of the region. India grew double-digit behind another year of strong execution and investment. We continue to help drive the chocolate market, while making progress against our work plans of building a larger biscuit platform. China grew high-single digits for the year driven by strength in both biscuits and gum and great execution in both e-commerce as well as the offline channels. Southeast Asia grew mid-single digit with solid results in biscuits and chocolate. EMEA increased operating income dollars by more than 9% due to leverage from top line growth. This growth comes despite some significant investments in A&C and route-to-market. The limited OI growth in Q4 is entirely due to additional investments in A&C. And those were enabled by continued strong gross profit growth that we saw throughout the whole year. Again, our algorithm is working quite well in this region. Latin America grew 7.8%, due primarily to inflation driven growth in Argentina. Revenue increased 1.7% excluding Argentina. Mexico grew mid-single-digit driven by strong execution and share growth across most categories. In Brazil, we saw slight decline in revenue driven primarily by a reduction of trade stocks in powdered beverages, partially offset by lapping the general truckers strike in 2018. We are beginning to take actions in this category including the launch of new marketing communications and product formulations. Adjusted OI dollars in Latin America declined by approximately 6%, primarily due to volume losses in powdered beverages in Brazil along with some remaining supply chain costs from our planned transition. We do not expect material planned transitional costs to continue in 2020. For the quarter, the significant growth in OI is due to lapping some one-timers related to Forex contracts settled in last year and some legal cases, while we are reassured by the solidity of the business in Mexico and the Western Indian region, and dealing well with the volatility of Argentina, we recognize there is more work to do in Brazil. And the focus of Gustavo and team will be mostly on that. Finally, North America grew 2.2% for the full year and more than 3% in Q4, driven by improved volumes. We closed the year well and delivered strong share results in biscuit, with growth in a number of key brands including Oreo, Ritz and belVita. We continue to make investments in A&C and we are seeing our brands respond favorably, mainly when coupled with our excellent DSD execution. The North American region grow more than 6% for the year due to leverage, effective pricing and waste reduction, with additional A&C mostly in our biscuits brands. North America had strong gross profits delivered throughout the year and Q4 was no exception to that, but again, levers of A&C stepped up in Q4. Turning to categories highlights. Our three snacking categories continued to demonstrate attractive growth. With total category growth of 3.6% for the year, we did see a more normalized growth in our categories for Q4 at 2.8% and some of the tailwinds that helped Q2 and Q3, and longer Easter in Q2 and the milder summer in both Q2 and Q3 subsided in the last part of the year. However, we remain encouraged by the health of our categories and believe they can continue to sustain growth of around 3% over the long-term and this is what our long-term algorithm is predicated upon. There are a number of very significant areas, where we have drive the category growth in 2019, among those U.S. biscuit, where we continued to execute better marketing and execution at point of sales and where we draw both value and volume growth through DSD. UK, India and Russia chocolate, where our renewed marketing bundles on both global and local brands capital, coupled with sales excellence drove substantial value for the category. Overall, we have or gained share in 75% of our business in 2019, which reflect the progress on our broader strategy of volume and share improvement. Overall, our share were up for the year in aggregate, ending several years of share losses. And we ended the year on an improved trajectory. By category, our biscuit business grew 4.4%. Approximately 75% of our revenue grew or held share in this category including our U.S., China, Russia and India businesses. In chocolate, our business grew 5.8%. Approximately 85% of our revenue grew or held share, including the U.K., Australia and Russia. Gum and candy revenue grew slightly. About 35% of our revenue in this business gained or held share including strength in China and France gum and Russia candy. Now turning to EPS on Slide 18. Full year EPS grew more than 8%. This growth primarily reflected operating gains driven by strong revenue results, income from JV equity stakes despite some tax wins in quarter, and lower than expected interest expense driven by accelerated cash flow, focused balance sheet management and favorable rate environment. Ill now move on to our free cash flow results on Slide 19. We delivered full year free cash flow of $3 billion, which was about our outlook and nearly $200 million improvement over last year due to strong income, continued progress in our cash conversion cycle as well as lower cash restructuring and CapEx. On Page 20, we returned $3 billion to our shareholders for the full-year. This brings us to more than $24 billion in capital return since Mondelez was formed. Now let me provide some details around our outlook for 2020. At the high level, we expect an our own algorithm year for 2020 in terms of our financial outlook. We expect organic net revenue growth of 3% plus. This is predicated on our view of category growth of approximately 3%, some share gains and revenue growth driven by both volume and pricing. We expect adjusted EPS in the high-single-digit range. This outlook implies continue growth of gross profit dollars and volume leverage. It also reflects another step-up in investments levels primarily in A&C and sales capabilities. To continue to support sustainable and high quality growth as well as some cost savings to fund incremental investments. With respect to free cash flow, we are expecting approximately $3 billion. They call this outlook includes additional cash tax impact resulting from the U.S. tax reform. In this outlook we also expect our 2020 adjusted effective tax rate to be in the low-to-mid-20s and interest expense of approximately $380 million. Although we do not provide a quarterly outlook on a key metrics, it is important to know that the following items in terms of phasing will impact 2020; both Easter and Chinese New Year for earlier this year when compared to 2019. In terms of year-over-year comparisons, our commodity pipeline is relatively more unfavorable in the first part of the year versus the second part of the year, especially in the first quarter and we have covered most of the key commodities for 2020. We also feel good about overall levels of pricing in the plan. With that, lets open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Good evening everybody.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi Andrew.
Luca Zaramella: Hi Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi. Just two for me. First, Id say obviously Mondelez had a much stronger than initially plan 2019 especially on organic sales growth. Company is looking for 3% plus in 2020, which is the long-term algorithm as you said, though obviously a deceleration from the 4% plus you showed in 2019. I was hoping you could talk a bit to this in terms of where or whether youre building in some conservatism there? Or if theres really something more specific behind it, whether its, as you said, lapping a longer Easter and a hotter summer and things of that nature? And then Ive got a follow-up.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Yes, I think 2019 was a good year for us. Weve just went through the numbers, not only because of the numbers, but I think also that it was sort of the first confirmation that our strategys working. This was the first year, full year with the new strategy for us. We saw a number of signs that we think will continue next year, like the volume growth, like solid gross profit and OI dollar growth, market share gains, continue cost discipline. It was, as you alluded, helped by later Easter season, which gives us work time in store and also that we left the very hot summer of 2018 in Europe in 2019. So we can see now the markets in the last quarter, where the categories were more than 2.8%, not around the 4% that they were in the middle of the year. I think the unlock that we have, we will continue to work those out, put the consumer first, keep on focusing on our execution and keep on increasing our investments and keep on improving our marketing activating our local brand, so all of that will continue next year. And also what we have done as it relates to our responsibilities and goals and better alignment of our incentives, were making a few more tweaks this year. And we have a number of issues that we need to solve, in the first place, Brazil supply chain, which is growing better, but also we have to pay attention to China for instance. So all that, for us we are saying the markets or the categories we think will be around 3%, we see ourselves increasing our market share, and so we call it the 3% plus in line with our long-term algorithm. And its the beginning of the year, we are always very thoughtful as we set our targets and well see how the first quarter goes. But at this stage, we feel that its certainly not in our book slow down from this year, we continue as we are, but we do believe that the categories will be a little bit less than they were last year, because of the reasons that I said. I think apart from the two watchouts that I mentioned, we see nothing at this stage that would particularly preoccupy us for the start of the year. So overall I would say, for us its continued to strategy as we are. Yes, the numbers are a little bit less than they were in 2019, but that was largely driven by the structure of how things came about in 2019 and 2020 is a continuation of where we are.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Thanks very much. Ill leave it there.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Lane with BOA.
Brian Lane: Hey, good afternoon, everyone.
Dirk Van de Put: Hey, Brian.
Luca Zaramella: Hey, Brian.
Brian Lane: Hi. So I guess, I wanted to pick up just on the expectation for incremental investment for 2020, so maybe just a couple of points around that. First, if you can kind of maybe size what the incremental investment in 2020 would be relative to what it was in 2019. And then I guess is were thinking about the sources of that, would we  would it sort of suggest that youd have gross profit, dollar growth growing faster than operating profit growth because theres going to be some incremental investment in A&C, or am I not thinking about that correctly?
Dirk Van de Put: No, I think youre  well, its  youre thinking about it correctly, but let me start from the start. And so in 2019, our extra investment was about $150 million, largely focused on more A&C route-to-market as R&D. And were going to be in the same ballpark in 2020 as extra investment. In 2019, we had plans that extra investment would have an impact on earnings. I dont know if you remember, we said we would be sort of around mid-single digit earnings. But then during the year, our sales came in better as expected. We generated more gross profits. And in the end, we were ending the year on an 8% EPS increase. However, we had Brazil that affected us in a way. And in fact, our gross profit could have grown more and we would have hoped to invest more in 2019. So in 2020, the extra gross profit that were adding is slightly higher than we did in 2019 in dollars. And were flowing, lets say, 40% of that roughly into A&C and the other investment areas. So its similar to what it was last year, but we dont have the negative effect of Brazil, and thats why we can continue with that algorithm and deliver high-single digit EPS growth.
Brian Lane: Thats helpful. And then just in terms of where geographically the spend is going to be, could you just maybe give us a little bit of color on kind of maybe where you emphasized the extra spend in 2019, and kind of where the incremental pieces going in 2020? And Ill leave it there. Thanks.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. It goes largely to  first of all, the two sources or the two destinations of the money is one in extra marketing and media investment, to be very specific, its all in media. And the second part is in distribution expansion. So the extra media investment is a little bit across the board. In most countries, its different level that we do that, but the idea is to continue increasing our media pressure. As it relates to the route-to-market that is more concentrated in the emerging markets, the Indias, the Chinas, the Russias, where we still have a huge opportunity to increase our distribution. I would also like to add that, as it relates to those media investments, not only our rate increasing, the overall spend on A&C, but within that A&C we are shifting more into media. So we are increasing our working media spent largely through digital. And then also we constantly are trying to increase our ROI, which increased about 12% in 2019 on our media spend. So, and on top of that, we have restructured our agency. So we also think that our non-media spend will have higher efficiency and higher quality. So all that together, we have the effect of the higher investment, but also that re-shifting which has a pretty big effect on our media pressure. So thats a little bit how it all comes together.
Brian Lane: Thats great. Thank you for that color.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay.
Operator: We will take our next question from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey guys.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi.
Dara Mohsenian: Obviously some pretty strong results in terms of organic sales growth in 2019, but within that we saw a really solid acceleration in volume growth. So Id love to hear a bit of a state of the union now that the full year results are in, what drove that in your mind, how sustainable that volume of pickup is going forward? You mentioned both volume mix and pricing will be up next year, is one a bigger driver of that organic sales growth than the other. And then secondly on Brazil, have the supply chain issues  are those now been resolved and theyre behind you? And maybe just give us a little more of an update on how youre managing the powdered beverage business, and if we should expect sequential improvement in the first half of the year versus the back half of last year, do those strategies take longer to play out? Thanks.
Luca Zaramella: Okay. Ill start and maybe, Dirk will cover a little bit, Brazil. So, as to volume, clearly, we like what we have seen. We like that top-line growth is coming mostly through a good balance of both volume and pricing. We believe that balance is quite important, because it allows us to create value in the marketplace, but at the same time, to have the leverage that we need for our algorithm to really fully work. It is pretty much across the board, maybe looking at the numbers you might say it is a little bit less in emerging markets, but when you strip out Argentina, you really see a good balance of volume and pricing even in emerging markets. We keep on investing on our franchises, route-to-market in quality of our brands. And so we expect that to continue and we will always try to strike the right balance between pricing and volume. So, I dont think Q4 was a material exception through the rest of the year. I think the only one that came back in terms of volume growth in the second part of the year is North America. That is executing quite well behind biscuit, both in terms of marketing and I would say in terms of the execution. So, I think we will continue seeing that as we continue investing in our franchises. In Brazil, quite frankly, the supply chain issue is for the most part behind us, but there is more work to be done. And on PBs, I dont know, Dirk, if you want to comment a bit on  specifically on what were doing and how we see that progressing in 2020?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Yes. So, the PB market is starting to recuperate a little bit, but still not that great. And on top of that Tang, our brands, which was the leading brands was having some shared challenges. So what  and as a result of that, we saw some destocking of PBs in the trade, because there was less demand for it. So, what were doing is, we are launching a new bundle on Tang, going a little bit back to what Tang was in the past. We had probably drifted a little bit too much into new variety, new flavor and so on, and more bringing it back to how Tang can really play a role in the daily beverage choice of kids in the family and how it contributes to that. We are increasing our investments. Were launching a new campaign. Were launching, of course, a number of new flavors, but overall, its a bit too early to say whats going to happen. We are in the middle of the season of Brazil at the moment, but thats what were doing on a powdered beverages.
Luca Zaramella: In terms of comparison, the second part of the year will be easier in terms of top-line, because we started the destocking of PBs in the second part. So, I think thats maybe, the way you have to think about how it will phase out throughout the year.
Dara Mohsenian: Great. Thanks guys.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dara.
Operator: Our next question is from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John Baumgartner: Good afternoon. Thanks for the question.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi.
Luca Zaramella: Hi.
John Baumgartner: Dirk, I wanted to dig a little bit into the local brands. and I guess first off, could you maybe, ballpark what percentage of the revenue base there, its already been activated with the increased investments and of the brands that have not been activated, how are you thinking about the phasing of the investment uptick between 2020, maybe 2021 at this point?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. so, the local brands, I would roughly say about 45% of our portfolio is global brands, about 45% is local brands that we want to activate. And then about 10% is a brand that we do not want to activate and largely run there for cash. Of those local brands, those 45%, most of them have been activated; I wouldnt say yet with the optimal media spend yet. So thats where we want to increase it. But the ones that we have been able to increase media and reposition them and give them sort of a new purpose that has worked really well for us. So, one of the most striking examples would be Jubilee in Russia, which is a legacy biscuit brand, which was kind of dormant and weve revamped it, and its now showing double-digit growth and a strong market share increase. And we see that with a number of brands, LU in Europe, and we see that with a number of brands around the world. So, I wouldnt say that its  within that 45%, that part was not activated than other parts was activated now. But overall, the local brands are growing 3.2% versus the global brands, but the local brands are now getting very close to category growth and we really want them to be in line with category growth and global brands clearly need to be above that, thats the way we think about it.
John Baumgartner: Okay. And then just to follow up on that, where you had increased the investment in those local brands, Im curious how your competitors are responding. Are you seeing them generally staying rationale in terms of pricing and kind of following your lead, doubling down on marketing and innovation of their own? Just where are the observations there so far in terms of the competitive dynamics?
Dirk Van de Put: Well, we tried to avoid to run price promotions and so on, on the local brands. So, the reaction there has been, I mean, I wouldnt say, within in a price war as I think about it around the world. Yes. as we move some of these local brands and sometimes we move them more into the sustainability direction and things like that, yes, there is a reaction of competition trying to do the same. But I think overall, thats very good for the category, because that will help the consumer increase its interest in our category. So, were not against it, I think its a good movement overall.
John Baumgartner: Great. Thank you for your time.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay.
Operator: Well take our next question from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: Hi, good evening.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Chris.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. I just had a question if I could ask first, and I dont think youve addressed it yet. but just, Im curious what rate of inflation you expect for this year and then related to that, youve talked about some pricing, you have some cost savings coming through. Is it pricing that mostly offsets cost inflation for the year or will you need some  maybe, your simplified growth savings offset some of that as well?
Luca Zaramella: So, I think when you look at the last couple of years, we have seen quite a bit of inflation pressure, mostly around I would say transportation costs, labor costs, and I would add Forex to that, clearly with the dollar strengthening, there was a big inflation component that touched to that. Commodities were a little bit more favorable than the last five years, over the last couple of years I would say, as we move forward, we see a little bit more normal inflation pressure around labor and clearly, there are differences around the world, there are economies like India, where labor inflation is quite high; but overall for the company it is a little bit lower in that area. But clearly, we see a little bit more of a commodity-driven inflation, particularly around cocoa, dairy is another one, and packaging costs as well. So all in all, we expect commodities, forex and inflation to be in 2020 in the ballpark of what we have seen in 2019. And so we expect obviously to price that away. In the short-term, I think we do as a company a good job in putting in place good coverage strategy. And so we are never hand-to-mouth in terms of some of these commodities or even some packaging inflation can be covered well through those instruments. And so in the short-term, we will always try to strike the best balance between our volume, our pricing and our inflation. In the long-term or in the medium-term, we really want to price it away. I cant give you the exact number in terms of pricing. We dont guide to a breakdown between, what we say in terms of revenue and volume and pricing. But I think it is fair to say I dont see dynamics changing dramatically into 2020. What were doing in terms of productivity and cost saving initiatives, reality is what we would like to do is for that money to be half reinvested back into the business and fund A&C and route-to-market investments, and there has to be dropped to the bottom line. So thats the way we think. We see productivity and cost saving initiatives to be the real upside to margin and stepped up investments.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you for that. And I have just one other quick question, which would be and I think that  I think that gets classified under the route-to-market investments, but youve had an expansion of distribution in some of the faster growth channels. Youve talked about the U.S., the club stores and discount stores. I think thats also occurring in the emerging market. Just curious, is that an incremental investment level for you? Is that costing more than part of your investment in 2020 as well? And should we see that be a contributor to revenue growth?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. We are  if I would summarize what we did in 2019, which we are largely repeating in 2020, maybe, even increasing a little bit in the developed markets that would be particularly around seasonals that we tried to have a better and stronger in store presence. And then also going into the  what we call the alternative growth channels in U.S. that would be convenient for instance, and put a bit more manpower, a bit more investment in there  in the emerging markets, it largely has to see with physical distribution opening more distribution centers, having more trucks on the road, putting more coolers in the stores in India; but also in China for instance, it means going into third tier cities, setting up sales teams there and starting to cover these cities. So for instance, in China, weve added about 140,000 new stores this year and we are planning to continue that into the 2020. So, it does help our revenue clearly, I mean weve seen a well above category growth in China and we are seeing very strong double-digit growth in India. And we are counting that our distribution expansion is helping us. and at the same time in the developed markets, we want to continue that shift into more seasonals and more alternative growth channels, which also will help our revenue growth.
Operator: Well take our next question from Steve Strycula with UBS.
Steve Strycula: Hi, good afternoon.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Steve.
Steve Strycula: Good, Dirk. A quick question for you to kick off. As you think about the outlook for 2020 in your guidance for 3% plus growth. How should we think about how you evaluated macro considerations, whether it be  whats kind of unfolding in front of us in China right now, or even with some of the other multinational companies has cited with macro softness in select countries across South America. I know that youve called out discrete issues for the powdered beverage category, but love to hear your view on those two macro situations and have a quick follow-up for Luca.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. So, if I start with maybe, the developed markets, if we see a little bit of a pullback in developed markets, which we dont see at the moment, to be honest, we see some very vibrant growth in Europe and in the U.S. So, its clearly not visible for us, but I would say, our snacking categories are a little bit more resilient if there would be a pullback in the economy than other FMCG categories. Trade tensions between the U.S. and others are really not currently impacting us. Brexit, I would say is a risk, although I dont see it in 2020, but if there would be no deal near the end of the year, that would be possibly a disruptor. But we  I assume at this stage that well find the deal and that it will be a relatively smooth transition. in the emerging markets and I know that some of our colleagues are seeing different impacts there. We are not feeling an impact in India or in China, but we would probably be a bit more cautious around the projections for Latin America. Obviously, we have high inflationary environment in Argentina, which we are largely managing to protect our scale and our absolute profit generation as well as our cash flow in the country. And we do know and we see it of course, that there is more volatility in emerging markets, but we feel that the growth opportunities far outweigh the risks of that. You have to also take into account that snacking behavior and snacking demand is still growing very fast in these markets and theres still a lot of runway there. And then I would overall say that our categories are showing an acceleration into 2019. We are forecasting them at 3%, which is our long-term expectation for our categories. We dont see that at the moment as being risk, because we believe that there is still a lot of opportunity for consumers to keep on snacking more. And for instance, our study we recently did about the state of snacking clearly showed that the behavior is on the uptick. So overall, I would say we cannot confirm some of the other impressions that youve heard from some of our colleagues. We feel pretty good about what were seeing around the world.
Steve Strycula: Thanks. Very helpful. And then quick question for Luca. Did I miss in your prepared remarks for fiscal 2020 guidance, what the EBIT dollar outlook would be on a constant currency basis to kind of get to the algorithm youre on EPS?
Luca Zaramella: Look, we purposely didnt go there necessarily. We gave you enough elements; I think we have commented a bit on what type of gross profit growth it sees for the year. Obviously, we expect gross profit to be the source of funding for A&C and route-to-market. The long-term algorithm implies a strong mid single-digit OI growth. And again, I think in 2020, if you do the math, we should be around about there. We believe, in the end, the way we are running the business, which is we want to have volume growth. We want to have a shared gain, simplifying a category growth that is projected and exiting the last year, it was 2.8%, so around about three. I think that gives us together with cost savings and investments in the business, the ability for us, by not even counting much on below the OI or the EBIT line items gives us the ability to achieve the high-single digit EPS that is part of the guidance we gave for 2020. And importantly, the $3 billion plus of free cash flow that is our long-term guidance for cash.
Dirk Van de Put: Steve, just before we switch to the next question. Did your question also consider the Coronavirus in China? Was that, because I largely talked about the economies that we see around the world, but maybe its also good that I comment a little bit on China and the Coronavirus situation for us. So, quickly China is about $1 billion net revenue country for us, so about 4.5%. We had a very strong 2019 and it contributed to our growth. We do believe there will be an impact on our Q1 revenue, but its really too early to quantify for us at this point. We are monitoring the situation closely and well update you, if in case there is something that we need to report. The outbreak has come during Chinese New Year, which is a time of high consumption. Our sell-in was in line with expectations, was quite good. We now have to see in the coming weeks what has happened with the sell-out during Chinese New Year. The other thing that is happening is that, normally today our factories, we have four factories in China, two of our factories, they are in a region where we normally would have started up our factories again. The government  the local government has asked to keep our factories closed for another 10 year  sorry, its 10 days, in order to not have too much of a risk with the infection. And we also have voluntarily put some travel restrictions to our own people to travel less within China and also for our global people to travel less to China. But overall, I would like to point out that we do believe that this could have a short-term impact, but long-term we continue to be very convinced for the outlook of the Chinese market for us.
Steve Strycula: Great. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey folks, thanks for squeezing me in, much appreciate it. And happy belated New Year.
Luca Zaramella: Hi.
Jason English: Two things for me, for first, congrats on a row  on a solid year, its great to see the momentum, particularly on your core business, biscuits and chocolate performing quite nicely. The gum and confection side though continues to relinquish on market share side. Can you touch on what, if any plans you have to resuscitate that business? So thats question one. And then second question, in the context of overall, the business is doing pretty solid with the portfolio you have. Can you also then touch on your strategic ambitions? As we think about M&A and some of the investments that you have out there, the potential to monetize and the potential to reallocate some of those to build your portfolio in new areas. Just update us on your broader thought process on strategic direction. Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay, well. Maybe Ill talk about gum and candy, and Luca, can talk a little bit about our M&A and strategic investment. So there is a clear distinction this year in 2019 between gum and candy. On gum, what has changed or not changed is the fact that we are doing very well in emerging markets, where we are gaining shares in our gum business. We have year-to-date very good revenue growth, we gained shares particularly in China, which is our second biggest gum market in the world and in Brazil we are gaining share. It is clearly not the strongest category in those markets, but it is positive growth for the category and positive share for us in emerging markets. We continue to be challenged in developed markets. Largely in the U.S., Europe is in a  were clearly seeing a better situation, but its  its the U.S. that continues to be very difficult for us. The category is displaying now low growth, but its growing, but we are still losing some share. And we have some fundamental category challenges and we have some brand challenges. I would say that, on our major brand Trident, things are quite okay. Its in the smaller brands, which we are gradually, I would say, flush out of the system, thats what is causing this continued share loss for us. As it relates to candy, I would say, the reason why candy was not as vibrant this year was largely due to the U.S. market where we had capacity issue. That capacity issue is now solved and we expect a much better 2020 for our candy business in the U.S. I would say that as we look at the future plans for gum, its a difficult situation for us, because gum is very profitable and gives a scale in key markets. So its not something that we can just sort of shift the side. We are working on a number of initiatives to address that share decline. First of all, as I said strengthening our core brands like Stride in China or Trident in the U.S., improving quality, changing the positioning, improving the positioning, we are doing expansion into means that of course doesnt solve our gum problem, but that does reinforce the brand. And we are having very good results with that, in for instance, France, with Hollywood. And then we have started to launch a number of new experiences, new reasons to chew, particularly in Brazil and we are also seeing some very good traction on that. So we have the first sort of test and learn as it relates to renew the initiatives on gum and we have to see how theyll span-out in 2020. So maybe Luca you can talk about the M&A.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. May be lets start with the coffee and I will start by saying that the JVs are performing well and are very attractive, but at this point in time, in terms of what we have always described as a financial investment and so there would be a point in time where we will exit those investments. They are good investments. They continue to perform quite strongly. We had a good earnings growth related to them in 2019 and we are expecting solid earnings throughout into 2020. The category itself continue to be attractive. I think in the past we commented a bit into, you know how much we would welcome an IPO of JDE. I think that would establish a public mark for that investment. We believe that eventually will improve our value over all as Mondelez as it is a good asset. And I think it will allow you guys to do a proper some of the part analysis for Mondelez by a way of  a subway or for that. I would say also that JDE is truly a great company, still quite a bit of untapped potential, its a compelling growth story as a company and it is a little bit more than, than roster ground. I think it is a company that has a big presence in premium segments through what we call instant coffee and on-demand as well as a professional presence in terms of, away from home and servicing other occasions than in Hong Kong. So Im just  we feel quite good about those. Having said that, the timing of the exit as we always said will depend upon how much potential we still see in those companies and an appropriate use of funds which potentially is better M&A and assets that we like in the snacking landscape globally. We will remain disciplined in terms of M&A and we have discussed that our preference at this point in time is on both times. We are looking at premium wellbeing areas, adjacencies and trying to fill some of the portfolio gaps we have both geographically and category wise in some places around the world. So we believe that by staying disciplined, we will have the ability to fill some of these gaps and step up even more  our growth rate on the top line and on earnings as well.
Jason English: Great. Thank you so much.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Jason.
Operator: We take our final question from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow: Good afternoon everyone. I just have two quick questions. One is on the investment, at what point do they become self funding? I know theyve had good returns, but how do you think about the years in which they will just kind of be a virtuous cycle? And the second question I have is in Europe, what has the utilization rates been in the facilities and where are they now and where they look to be visit. It seems like thats part of the opportunity that you guys continue to leverage over time as you get more volume through it as operating leverage? And Ill leave it with those two.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Maybe Ill talk about the investments and then Luca can talk about the operating leverage.
Luca Zaramella: Yes.
Dirk Van de Put: So when the investments become self funding, I think its still a little bit of way for us. We feel that we have potential to drive the categories around the world and we see good reaction, good return on investment still. And so as we are trying to develop a long-term algorithm that is repeatable year-after-year. at this stage, it feels that the algorithm allows us to keep on adding more investments every year and hopefully, that translates into strong facilities. And so I would say at a certain stage, some extra investments will not generate more growth. And then we have to start questioning it, but at this stage you see its working really well for us.
Luca Zaramella: So it is self-funding, I mean for the algorithm to work and for us to be able to deliver upon the promise of share growth, high-single-digit EPS and $3 billion of cash flow. That algorithm itself includes a level of investment, which is factored in, and it is allowing us to hit on all those numbers. I think in the end, the measure of success for us is whether we will be able to deliver share gains consistently. And the second one is, if we increase our volume consistently, all of that came to fruition in 2019.
Dirk Van de Put: Then the second part of the question, there was a little bit of a disturbance in the line. Could you repeat it maybe?
Luca Zaramella: I think I got it. It was about...
Ken Zaslow: Yes. On the European side, it seems like you keep on getting margin expansion utilization. Basically the assets have been put together through acquisitions. As you keep on getting leverage and do some restructuring a little bit. It sounds like the utilization rates should continue to increase. Where have they been? Where are they? And where are they going I guess is kind of what Im thinking?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Look, I think in general terms we dont comment on capacity utilization by result. I think thats  that will be a bit of too much of a comment I will say. Look, we have invested quite a bit in terms of both creating a more nimble and a more flexible organization, both in overheads and infrastructure, its not only legacy site. We invested in brand new sites in Europe. And Europe I remind you is a little bit more than continental Europe or UK. It is also Russia in our case. So I would characterize the old status of the facilities in Europe quite good. It can be further optimized but we still have available capacity in terms of continuing, growing the big blockbuster brands that we have. Milka is one example, Cadbury, Oreo but also the local brands and I think thats what were working on.
Ken Zaslow: Great. Thank you very much.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Well in conclusion I would say that 2019 was a major step forward for the company and it was the first full year of executing our new strategy. Weve successfully launched and driven this more consumer centric approach to get growth across organization and as a result, we are building an effective Local First Culture that is delivering. We are a good finish to the year with broad-based revenue growth and strong earnings and cash flow. And the momentum weve created across our brands and our geographies this past year reinforces our confidence that we have in our strategy, our people, and our ability to execute. Theres certainly more work to do, and a long way of opportunities is ahead of us, but we believe that the early success combines with the attractive category dynamics, and further targeted investment provides us greater confidence that we can deliver sustained long-term growth and attractive total returns. With that I would like to end the call. Thank you for assisting.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Mondelez International Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our Web site mondelezinternational.com/investors.During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements.As we discuss our results today, unless otherwise noted, we will be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures, which adjust for certain items included in our GAAP results. In addition, we provide our year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis unless otherwise noted. You can find the comparable GAAP measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation.In today's call, Dirk will give you an overview of our results, as well as progress update against our strategic priorities, then, Luca will take you through the financials and our outlook. We'll close with Q&A.With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Shep, and good afternoon everybody. We are pleased to report another quarter of strong top line growth, continuing the momentum of the first-half of the year. As you know, a year ago we launched our new strategy, which intended to accelerate our growth by focusing on the consumer, driving operational excellence, and building a winning growth culture. Today's results are proof that this strategy is working well, and that we're making progress against our goal to create attractive, long-term sustainable growth. So, let's take a look at the quarter in more detail.We reported revenue growth of 4.2% in the third quarter, which confirms the strength of our snacking fundamentals around the world, as well as the leadership role that our portfolio of global and local brands plays in snacking. The growth was high quality, and driven by a good balance of volume mix and pricing. It was also broad-based geographically. Our emerging markets grew 6.6% or 5% ex-Argentina, and we are encouraged by what we are seeing in markets such as Russia, India, China, as well as Southeast Asia. Our developed markets grew 2.9%. Europe reported strong volume-driven growth in key markets like Germany and the U.K. And in the U.S., we saw continued revenue growth and share gains, which was driven primarily by biscuits.Our strategy to invest more in our growth initiatives is paying off, resulting in solid operating income growth. Our adjusted EPS growth was 10% for the quarter, and we're also pleased with our year-to-date cash flow of $1.2 billion. As we look across our business units we're seeing evidence that our strategy is creating the basis for sustainable future growth. This is driven by a renewed focus on the consumer, which is informing everything we do, and it inspires and also motivates our teams. So while the entire organization is focused on driving top line growth, we remain true to our culture of cost discipline so that we can ensure that top line growth generates attractive OI dollar growth.This focus is leading to impactful growth initiatives across our business in key markets and key channels, as well as on our local and global brands. For instance, we're winning in growth channels in both developed and developing markets. In the U.S., this means capitalizing on growth opportunities like discount and club outlets. While in China we achieved new distribution milestones this quarter, we reached 1.5 million outlets with our biscuit products and one million outlets for our gum. And in ecommerce, another example, this means a continued global expansion through our partnerships with e-tailers and online platforms. Our reported growth in ecommerce for the quarter was 25%.Another area to highlight are our local jewels, local brands that are also contributing to our growth. A few examples that stood out in Q3 are the Jubilee biscuit brand in Russia, the iconic Prince Polo brand in Poland, and for instance, Biskuat in Indonesia. All these are performing well thanks to renewed investment and focus. A big priority for us this year has been to reinvigorate our marketing approach. One manifestation of that focus is what we call our new marketing playbook that gets to the root of what makes our brand special. Our intention is to drive clarity in brand positioning and consistency in execution. We've applied this playbook to many of our global brands, and we'll be rolling it out across more brands in the future.As a result of this renewed focus, we're seeing some good examples of brand equity campaigns that enhance our connection with consumers. In the U.K., for instance, where our growth was particularly strong this quarter, our latest edition of the Cadbury Dairy Milk Generosity campaign is performing really well. While we are driving growth, we remain very focused on our operational excellence. For instance, in marketing we've seen solid improvements in our return on investment in digital, while in our supply chain we continue to focus on productivity and process improvements. Good examples here would be the digitalization of our procurement function as well as the reduction of waste in our North American network.Around the world in our different business units, we are trying to reach best-in-class execution. In EMEA, for instance, we are leveraging our significant sales and distribution capability in key markets like India and Southeast Asia to win in seasonals. As an example, our seasonal gifting offerings performed well during the Hindu celebration of Rakhi in India, or as another example this year, Mid-Autumn mooncake season was particularly successful across Southeast Asia with Kinh Do and even Oreo-branded mooncakes selling really well. Local adaptations of our global brands or the success we're having with culturally relevant seasonal offerings underscore the power of our more locally oriented model.Another strong example of this is the work we are doing in China with our Stride gum brand. Here our approach is to personalize our marketing to Chinese consumers, and it is working well, helping us win with Gen Z consumers through mainly digital spend. Finally, we continue to make good progress with our more agile innovation approach and our SnackFutures initiative. Our focus is on emerging trends and technologies in wellbeing and premium products. As an example, we've recently reached an agreement with a key supplier to explore the use of cocoa fruit by introducing those parts of the fruit into the food chain that have thus far been discarded. A product using this ingredient was developed in record time and put into the market in a very limited distribution to see how it will perform.This sort of an approach is very different from the innovation approach that we had in the past. I'm also very proud of the progress we are continuing to make on our sustainable and mindful snacking strategies. Creating durable growth also means looking after our planet and the people who contribute and consume our products. This quarter, we were again recognized by the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, and improved our rating for environmental reporting. This is just one example of how we're brining to life our sustainable snacking strategy, which is our commitment to grow our business the right way.Another example is how we are using a new methodology focused on science-based targets to help us further reduce our end-to-end CO2 emissions. Finally, I want to mention the work we're doing to respond to the wellbeing needs of our consumers. We are working on offering the consumer the right snacks which can mean different things to different consumers. The options are ranging from smaller portion size formats, what you could call permissible indulgence, to better-for-you products which are made with authentic and simple ingredients or with a particular functional nutritional characteristic. A good proof point was our recent commitment in the U.K. to ensure that all our products that are made for parents to offer to their children are less than 100 calories per serving. I'm quite proud of this move, and know that we will have more to share in the future.And with that, I will hand it over to Luca.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Dirk, and good afternoon. As you can see on slide nine, we delivered strong performance across a number of key metrics. Our third quarter growth was notable for both its quality, which was broad-based, as well as for the balance of volume and pricing. During the quarter, we drove growth on a variety of fronts. We delivered strong results in three of four regions. Global brands grew mid single digits, while local brands continued to accelerate with growth in line with overall categories, and this growth was high quality, as it was driven by a balance of volume and pricing. Finally, this happened on the back of strong category growth, which we have driven.We also delivered solid increase in gross profit and OI dollars along with 10% EPS growth. Productivity and cost savings initiatives provided the fewer for approximately $85 million of business investments through the first three quarters. That was cleansing our brands, our go-to-market positions, and saves and marketing excellence for future years. Finally, Q3 marked another good quarter of free cash flow generation, which continues to be a key priority. We generated $1.2 billion through Q3, and are on target for a full-year outlook of $2.8 billion.Turning to slide 10, our scale, reach, and expertise in emerging markets are clear assets for our company. We continue to drive robust volume-driven grow in key countries like China, India, Southeast Asia, Russia, Mexico, and Africa. In aggregate, emerging markets grew approximately 7%, marking the fifth consecutive quarter of growth greater than 5%. Excluding inflation-driven growth in Argentina, emerging markets grew 5%. Developed markets also performed very well during the quarter with revenue growth of nearly 3% driven by strong volume-driven results out of Europe and North America, where we saw a combination of volume mix and pricing increases.Now, let's review our profitability performance on slide 11. In the third quarter, we increased gross profit by 2.6%, which in turn translated into solid OI dollar improvement with volume leverage, pricing, and cost savings, partially offsetting investments, primarily in route-to-market capabilities. It is important to note that our profitability results are consistent with our goal of higher quality and sustainable growth. When excluding Brazil, which is dealing with margin headwinds related to supply chain transition and powder beverage category weakness, our business is growing volume mix by more than 2%, growing gross profit dollars faster than revenues, enabling incremental investments across A&C and go-to-market, and growing operating income dollars faster than revenue on a year-to-date basis.Moving to regional performance on slide 12, Europe delivered another excellent quarter with 5% revenue growth. The U.K. was a standout with double-digit revenue growth in the quarter. Germany, Russia, and the rest of Eastern Europe also posted strong results. Europe continues to demonstrate sales and marketing excellence with particular strengths in our chocolate franchises, where all of our top brands deliver volume and revenue growth. Consistent with Q2, the Philadelphia business turn in very good results, driven by targeted investments, and great sales and marketing execution. Adjusted OI dollar grew by 6% in Europe due to robust sales and volume leverage, alongside ongoing investments, partially offset by higher A&C.AMEA grew 5.3%, showing continuous trends across much of the region. India grew double-digits behind strong execution, and an attractive market backdrop. We continue to perform well in chocolate, while building out a more meaningful biscuits business that represents a large opportunity for us. China grew just shy of 10%, driven by another well-executed quarter in both biscuit and gum. The team could show the power of our new local first commercial approach that empowers speed, agility, and consumer-centric decision-making. Southeast Asia grew mid-single digits with solid results in biscuits and chocolate. AMEA increased operating income dollars by 10% due to leverage from top line growth, partially offset by continued increases in investment in high growth potential markets.Latin America grew 4.3% due primarily to inflation-driven growth in Argentina. Revenue declined 1.5%, excluding Argentina. Mexico grew mid-single digits driven by strong execution in candy, while Brazil posted a decline, mostly due to softness in powder beverages driven by category decline and some share losses. We expect to see some volatility in this category in the coming quarters. Adjusted OI dollars in Latin America declined by approximately 13%, primarily due to volume losses in powder beverages, as well as the plant consolidation issues in Brazil that caused additional waste and logistical costs. We are continuing to work through these issues, and expect to see progress in Q4, though still somewhat wins on an absolute basis.Finally, North America grew 2.5% in Q3, led by another solid quarter in U.S. biscuits. We grew share in biscuits as Oreo, Ritz, and belVita, all delivered strong results. Improved commercial execution and innovation, share gains in alternative channels, and more consistency in supply chain help dye these results. We remain committed to sustaining our improved performance in the region. The North American region grew OI by almost 5% due to effective pricing and waste reduction with pricing and volume mix providing fuel for marketing investments.Let me spend a moment on categories highlights. Our three snacking categories continue to demonstrate some fundamentals, with total category growth of 4% on a year-to-date basis. We remain encouraged by the health of our categories, and believe they can continue to sustain growth of approximately 3% over the long-term. In many geographies, we were a key driver of the category growth. This includes areas such as U.S. and China biscuits, India, U.K., Russia, and Germany chocolate, and China gum. As we mentioned before, specifically chocolate is benefiting from a prolonged Easter season and the subsequent halo effect on overall consumption. These tailwinds accounts for almost one percentage points of overall category growth. Overall, we held or gain share in 65% of our business, which is consistent with our second quarter and evident of an improving trend over the past year. This resulted in overall flat shares for Mondelez.Our biscuits business grew 4.1%. Approximately 75% of our revenue grew or held share in this category, including our U.S., China, and India businesses. In chocolate, our business grew 6.4%, approximately 65% of our revenue grew or held share, including the U.K., Australia, and Russia. Gum and candy revenue grew slightly. About 35% of our revenue in this business gained or held share, including strengths in China, France, Brazil, and Russia gum.Now, turning to EPS on slide 18. Q3 EPS grew 10% in the quarter. This growth primarily reflected operating gains driven by strong revenue results income from the JV equity and the tax benefits in the quarter.I'll now move on to our free cash flow results on slide 19. We delivered year-to-date free cash flow of $1.2 billion, which is an improvement over the last years through Q3 due to continued progress in our cash conversion cycle, lower cash restructuring, and CapEx. We remain well-positioned to deliver on a full-year target, and feel good about our ability to make improvements over the coming years. I wanted to also mention that we continue to thoughtfully manage our balance sheet, and leverage, and cost of debt. In September, we raised approximately $2.5 billion in new financing at attractive rates to refinance debt matured in late October.Turning to capital deployment on the next slide, we have returned 2.3 billion to our shareholders through the first three quarters.Moving to our outlook, we are increasing our full-year organic net revenue growth expectations to 3.5% plus. This reflects our strong year-to-date results, which included the benefit of a longer Easter season. These dynamics do not extend into Q4, and as a result, we are not expecting Q4 growth at the same level as the first three quarters of the year.We are also increasing our outlook for adjusted EPS growth to 5% to 7%. As a reminder, in Q4 we expect to lap significant favorability in the equity income line related to our JDE investment due to the impact in Q4 of 2018 from an enacted tax rate reduction in the Netherlands. Please note that when estimating adjusted EPS we apply 5% to 7% outlook to the prior year basis of $2.42, then adjust for the expected impact of currency, which we anticipate to be circa $0.14. We expect underlying profit performance to be comparable with the profile so far, where volume leverage upsides and gross profit increases will be partially reinvested in growth initiatives. Additional geopolitical disruptions or other disruptive events, including the hard Brexit are not anticipated within this EPS outlook.We now expect to spend approximately $1.5 billion for the full-year on share repurchases as we acquire the perfect snack business, and then managing overall leverage thoughtfully. We repurchased a little over 200 million of shares in Q3 to bring our year-to-date amount to more than 1.1 billion, and continue to repurchase shares at current levels. We remain committed to returning meaningful capital to shareholders and share repurchases continue to be an important component of our capital return program. We will continue to operate with a disciplined approach which aims to optimize results for continuing shareholders and allows for flexibility based on market conditions. Finally, our free cash flow expectations remain unchanged.With that, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Good afternoon.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi, there. Two questions if I could. First, the updated full-year organic sales guidance of 3.5%-plus, as you mentioned, suggests perhaps a sequential deceleration in 4Q. Can you explain some of the puts and takes on that, particularly in light of the accelerated global category growth, I know you mentioned Easter, but wanted to know if there were some other things playing into that as well? And then second, Mondelez did discuss the challenges in Brazil on the supply chain last quarter. Feels like things maybe got a bit more challenging in 3Q. Could you talk about your visibility there, why you think you've got your arms around it, and perhaps you can parse out how much of the impact of third quarter was really supply chain versus some of the other headwinds in Brazil, like powdered beverages and such? Thanks very much.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Well, maybe I'll start with looking at the top line, and then maybe Luca can discuss Brazil. The first thing I would like to say is that the strategy is working well. We are pleased with our progress. We see good momentum in the business; we are delivering on and above our goals. Everything we put in motion a year ago about consumer-centric organization and increasing our speed, execution, and results, it's all working out probably faster than we expected. And in this quarter we saw some quality net revenue growth and also year-to-date as it relates to volume mix and price. The mix between developed markets and emerging markets or between global and local brands as the balance is there.And the category is strong, as you pointed out, Andrew. In many cases it's driven by us since we play -- we're a major player in the categories. And yes, we do have some challenges in Latin America, but otherwise our overall performance from net revenue through gross profit into OI is a very healthy equation, and it shows that the top line growth we're having combined with the cost discipline is working out for us. We did call up our full-year outlook to 3.5%-plus net revenue growth and an EPS of 5% to 7%. That means that, yes, we expect that Q4 will be a little bit lower. I would say, as you pointed out, Andrew, the first thing to keep in mind is the longer Easter season that we have this year, which will have an effect or lessen -- no affect in Q4, if I can say it like that.In Q3, we also lapped the heat wave we had last year in Europe which was beneficial to us, so that had a benefit. And so in Q4 we will not see any of these benefits. And overall we feel that our categories are somewhere between 3% to 4% growth, not fully the 4% that we saw in Q4. And we think that the categories will go back to a normal growth rate of around 3%-plus as we've been seeing all the time in reality. As it relates to 2020, we continue to see big opportunities for us to keep on driving the categories to improve our market share and increasing our investment in our brands, in our capabilities, but we have to remain a little bit mindful again about Brexit, which didn't happen this year, but it will have an affect or potential on the first quarter. We'll give you a full outlook on 2020 when we report the Q4 earnings, but I would say, yes, that's the way we're looking at Q4 right now.So, Luca, may be a bit on Brazil.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, let me maybe just start by saying that Brazil for us is a large and complex market. We have clearly a big portfolio in there that spans pretty much across all the categories that Mondelez competing globally. We have a good set of global and local brands. And as you say, entering Q3 we had a material negative impact that was anticipated for the most part, and this negative impact quite frankly explains the entirety of the profit shortfall that we had in LA in the quarter versus last year. As you said, the issues are two-fold. As we discussed in the last quarter, some plant closures caused transition issues. We ended up line startups that were delayed and we faced extra cost. We ended up scrapping more products than we wanted to. And in addition to that, we had some extra logistics cost. I would say this first issue accounts for pretty much half of the material profit gap we saw in the quarter in LA and in Brazil, as I said.And the second issue is about powdered beverages, which is a material category for us both in terms of top and bottom line. The category itself is quite challenged at the moment, and our shares of market are declining. The declining trend accelerated a bit in Q3 versus what we saw in the first part of the year. And that resulted in revenue and profit shortfalls, also compounded by the fact that in a declining category and share environment we had to take out some trade stock in the quarter. So we're working on both fronts. And we are making good progress and with our supply chain. But as we said very clearly in Q3, we will still have some impacts in Q4, but the issue should get materially better as we enter 2020.For PBs, the issue is a little bit more accentuated, and it will take some time for us to address both the category and the share decline dynamics. I would also like to take the opportunity that you provided with your question to reiterate a couple of things. Despite, as I said in my written remarks or recorded remarks, the materiality of the issues in Brazil, and the fact that we are lapping the highest gross margin in Q3 last year, our virtuous cycle is working. GP, NOI are both growing sort of 4% on a year-to-date basis. As I said, when you take out Brazil gross margins, NOI margins are both up on a year-to-date basis. We are delivering the volume leverage and SG&A leverage as we planned.We continue with cost discipline. I think you see in the quarter a good number for SG&A. That number includes an increase in A&C, but the embedded ZBB behaviors we have are delivering savings. And all of these quite frankly gives me confidence that the model is working, and that we will deliver on our long-term ambition to grow OI and GP more than revenue. So, not ideal what we saw in Brazil in the quarter, but in the big scheme of things when you strip it out I think the model is working and the long-term algorithm we have in mind is safeguarded.
Operator: And your next question is from Chris Growe from Stifel.
Chris Growe: Hi, good evening.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. I just had a first kind of high level question. As you think about the strategy and executing your new strategy and your playbook for the business, I'm just curious how that's developing sequentially, so maybe not quarter-by-quarter, but just like, are you moving on to different types of investments, have you made a lot of the initial investment you wanted to make, is this moving more now to marketing new products? Just trying to get a sense of how that's playing into this stronger revenue growth barring some of the unique things that occurred this quarter?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Maybe first of all it's a multiyear investment program. We are probably flowing less of our gross profit next year than this year into investments, but we want to keep on increasing our investment year-after-year. And this year, the investment was focused on an increase in our A&C, and increase in route-to-market investments, and to R&D, so innovation. So, Luca was talking about this virtuous cycle, which we want to continue. If I look at what that means for us going forward, I do not expect substantially these investments to change. We do have still areas of the world where we should be putting more and see investment in our brands, particularly the local brands which are accelerating, but they are yet not always on the right level of investment. We still have big route-to-market opportunities, if I think about China, India, where we have to go in third and fourth tier cities. And we for several years we want to be keep on investing, and you can imagine the same for places like Southeast Asia or Africa, where we need to keep on doing that.And then in R&D, we do want to continue to push on more agility and faster speed, and maybe a little bit less in the years to go forward than we did this year, but it's going to be largely the same three buckets that we are going to invest in. I would also say that apart from increasing our investment, we are also moving more of the investment within A&C into working media. And on top, we are trying to drive the ROI of our marketing spend. We've done things like consolidations of our agency, which drives value and gives us a more consistent quality globally, and we are also working quite hard on our point of sales execution investment, which we will continue next year. So, maybe a long answer to just point out where we are investing and the fact that we see that's continuing, it's working for us, and we feel that there's still a big upside in continuing to do so.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, I --
Chris Growe: Go ahead, Luca.
Luca Zaramella: I will comment for a second. All of this is contemplated in the mid single-digit guidance for OI growth that we gave you at Investor Day and the high single-digit EPS growth that again we gave you at Investor Day.
Chris Growe: Going forward. Thank you, guys. Okay. And just one other question, if I could, which is the pricing is coming through this year, would you say that is offsetting cost inflation? So, if we think about pricing net of costs, your -- that's sort of not a factor on the gross margin here, is that the right way to look at that?
Luca Zaramella: Yes, I think it is. I'm particularly pleased about the fact that our top line is in the quarter off volume enough pricing. I think it varies a little bit by region. Clearly, we see pricing more pronounced in emerging markets and in North America, where the inflationary pressure has been a little bit higher than in Europe. Europe growth is mostly driven by volume. I think you see AMEA with combined strong volume growth and pricing. I'm happy to report clearly that North America has returned to volume growth this quarter.So, overall, we really like the algorithm. It is more volume-driven in developed markets, where margins are higher, and emerging markets, in relative terms, we see a little bit less volume and more pricing which again we like. So, in the big scheme of things, it is quite balanced and it is offsetting the inflationary pressure. We see quite frankly, though, that is also because we covered our commodity and ForEx exposure quite well. So I don't want to hint to any pricing going into next year, but if we have to mark-to-market, our commodities and ForEx impact would be a little bit higher than what you see in the P&L at the moment.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you for the color. That was helpful.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Chris.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you.
Chris Growe: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good afternoon, guys.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi.
Luca Zaramella: Hi.
Dara Mohsenian: So first, just a clarification, Luca, on the Brazil issue, this just sounds like it'll linger in Q4, are you expecting a similar magnitude in Q4 relative to Q3, and then it's really next year when you start to see that drag dissipate? And then second, in the U.K., obviously very strong momentum in the quarter, double-digit revenue growth, can you give us a bit more detail on what drove that strength in terms of market share versus category growth? And some CPG companies have noticed a bit of slowdown around the Brexit uncertainty even though it didn't ultimately come to fruition this month. So, have you seen any impact there so far in Q4, expecting any deceleration going forward? Thanks.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, maybe I'll comment on Brazil, a little bit on the U.K., and the impacts in here. So, on Brazil, the biggest impact that's been, you know, actual highest in both Q2 and Q3 that will still be an impact in Q4, but the impact will be substantially lower. Importantly, as we enter next year, the supply chain related issues should be fully solved or almost entirely sold. I think we will still see some issues related to powder beverages and competitiveness of Mondelez in that category. Remember in Q1, it is summertime, and so there is a big consumption. So, there might still be some PB, our powder beverage related issues in Q1.In U.K., I think we are quite frankly heating on all cylinders, the chocolate category is up, it is on the back of a hot summer last year, and the fact that Q3 was quite hot. So, there was a market de-cap, but importantly we're gaining share. Dirk alluded clearly to, or actually said that in Q3 the execution of Cadbury Dairy Milk and the campaign with Cadbury Dairy Milk Generosity is working very well, and we have seen material share gains. So, we are executing quite well around chocolate, but I would also say, around biscuits, which is the other good category. So, we are very pleased with the execution in that market.
Dirk Van de Put: And I would add that at this stage we cannot talk about any slowdown as it relates to Brexit worries, as the numbers testified. So, we don't see -- at the moment we're preparing for it, of course, but we also believe that our categories, the snacking category is not necessarily going to go big swings up and down as consumer sentiment goes up and down. So, we hope that we will be a little bit protected from big consumer sentiment changes.
Dara Mohsenian: Great. Thanks, guys.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Goldman with JP Morgan.
Ken Goldman: Hey, good afternoon, everybody.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Ken.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Ken.
Ken Goldman: I wanted to -- I know you're not willing to talk about 2020 specifically yet, but you have bought Brexit a couple of times, and I just wanted to ask how you think about either including or excluding any potential impact from Brexit in your guidance, and some companies have said, "You know what, there's no way we can quantify it. So, when we think about the out years, we're just not going to even try." And other companies who said, "No, maybe we should bake in a little bit of risk into our guidance just in case." I am just trying to get a sense of where you guys are on that spectrum, if you even consider that yet?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, at a larger scale I would say you can say we are really in the first part where we cannot really quantify it, we don't know what type of Brexit it will be. And so, we have not included the larger effect of Brexit into our thinking, but we always include which we will also do for 2020 is the short-term Brexit disturbance that you could have at the borders, where we need to increase our inventories. We need to book more transportation. We need to stock up our raw materials and packaging, and so on. That we have always done, and that we will continue to do, and that's included in our forecast, but if we would be a hard for Brexit with a devaluation of the bounds and a big consumer reaction, that is not included for us.
Ken Goldman: Thank you. And then follow-up is, at Andrew Lazar's conference recently, you talked about Oreo's distribution, not being good enough in U.S. C-stores. I always thought, and I think you guys have always thought, it's a pretty big opportunity that is not necessarily being capitalized on now, but I didn't get a sense of what moves you're making necessarily to improve Oreo in C-stores, whether you're going to use your DSD system to gain distribution and so forth. I just wanted to get a better sense of sort of what the strategy, and maybe some of the tactics are along those lines?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, first of all, I can say that in the background, there's a lot of work going on as it relates to Oreo in C-stores. It takes a while, we have to test our approach, see if it works. So, next year, we're expecting to make bigger strides as it relates to that. Just to clarify, our DSD does not work in the C-store channel. Obviously it's a system that works in the supermarket channel for us. So, we are not planning at this stage to use our DSD system for that, but we do have the right route-to-market setup, and we are building up the right programs and relationships with the clients, and we're expecting that next year we will show some significant progress.
Luca Zaramella: And I think if you look at the market and share for C-stores, I think we are having not as high as the opportunities yet, but we are gaining sharing in C-stores in biscuits as well.
Ken Goldman: Great, thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Strycula with UBS.
Steve Strycula: Hi, good afternoon.
Luca Zaramella: Hi.
Steve Strycula: So, Luca, a quick cleanup question on the gross margin, excluding Brazil, I think last quarter, you called it out as a $25 million to $30 million profit drag to the line, how should we think about the context specific to Q3? And then I have a revenue question follow-up?
Luca Zaramella: I think it is round about the same number, it is in the ballpark. I think clearly one of the components as I called out it is in relation to PBs, powder beverages, and some de-stocking we had in that category. But when you look at all the numbers excluding Brazil, you really see that the shape of the P&L is good, and as I said, particularly on the year, now we're spending the fact that in Q3 will not be the highest gross margin last year, particularly on a year-to-date basis, you see that virtuous model predicated on volume growth coming into fruition.
Steve Strycula: Great. And then, Dirk, can you walk us through some of the bigger chocolate markets, where Mondelez entered the last few years, but not necessarily has scaled pretty big into specifically China and the U.S.? What's your latest thinking about what the near, medium, and long-term opportunity is for both those markets? Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, so both markets are a little bit the same for us. We entered largely from what I would say as an opportunistic approach, trying to carve out as big a niche as we can. That would lead to a market share somewhere between 1%, 2%, may be 3%, best case. We were always aware of that. I would say now that both markets have very significant players here in the U.S. and in China that we would be up against. So, we didn't want to have sort of a major strategy or a major approach. We wanted to just capture the opportunity that we have, largely using Oreo as a brand. So far we have captured what we were planning to get, but we are not planning on pushing that into other brands or a major chocolate approach. We feel that we have other opportunities around the world, which are more -- which are biggest, and give us a better return, and we want to focus on both first before we want to enter those two big chocolate markets around the world, or increase our presence in those two big chocolate markets in China and U.S.
Steve Strycula: Okay. Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Your next question is from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey, good evening, folks.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Jason.
Jason English: Jeez, we've covered a lot of ground so far. So I always wanted to -- I guess I'll bring us back to that gross margin question to build off of Steve's prior question. I appreciate that you are up against a larger year-on-year comp, but just looking back over history, your gross margins aren't made meaningfully different between the second quarter and third quarter. Yet this quarter, they sequentially fell by around 90 bips, but it sounds like a fairly comparable Brazil supply chain issue. I'm not trying to make a mountain out of a molehill here, but can you just help us understand a little bit more what the drivers are of that sequential step-down? And how many of them are durable in nature, and which ones may dissipate with time?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. I'm Luca. If you really look at percentages, I think on a year-to-date basis, we are under about 40%. I think we closed last year at 40.2%. So if we really want to dissect to the decimal points, yes, we are few decimal points behind. I don't think, Jason, there is anything structural besides Brazil. And Brazil again, as I dissect the issue, there is part of it that is going to persist to a certain extent into next year, and it is the powder beverage part of it. On supply chain, we should be fixed. I think as you look at all the components of the gross profit delivery, volume leverage is there. I think when you look at the volume mix that is 2%, that is a good number, I think that provides material leverage both into the GP line and the overhead line, and I think we see it coming into fruition.In terms of pricing, last year, we announced a couple of ways of pricing in the U.S. market, and I think as you look at the biscuit market specifically, you see volume and value going up. In that context, we are gaining share. I think in emerging markets, we clearly have the pricing discipline that is required. And quite frankly, it is a little bit more sophisticated than going out and announcing big price increases. It is leveraging the full array of pricing tools that we have, including previous optimization, promo intensity, price spec architecture, and as I answered before, if I look at the composition of the commodity and ForEx inflation, and the pricing, we have taken business unit by business unit, I think we did a good job in both emerging and developed markets. And productivity, it is a little bit lower than in the past years, not because gross productivity isn't there, it is there, but we are facing a little bit more inflation on the labor front and the logistics costs.So, as I dissect the gross margin components, and I take myself in a context where I say, "Okay, Brazil is a little bit of an outlier. Do I see us having material issues on price net of commodities, productivity, volume leverage?" The simple answer is "No." I think the one point is mostly attributable to Brazil, it is attributable to the fact that in Q3 last year, the number was higher than the rest of the year, 40% with Brazil embedded into the number, I don't think it is for us something that we should worry structurally about. I think, having said that, we need to continue working well on delivering volume on getting the productivities and pricing in line with inflation we see in the marketplace.
Jason English: Very well, thank you for the fair response. I appreciate it. I'll pass it on.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Jason.
Operator: Your next question is from David Palmer with Evercore ISI.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good evening.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, David.
Luca Zaramella: Hi.
David Palmer: Hi, Dirk. In the past, you've talked about that country level approach to management and one outcome would be that the local powder brands would be getting more marketing support, could you talk a little bit about that, and how's that going, are your country level managers spending more on those local brands as you had planned, and are you getting a return on that investment in terms of accelerated local brand growth? Any numbers on that would be helpful. And I have a quick follow-up.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, the short answer to your question is, yes, they are spending more on the local brands, and yes, we're getting a return on that, and also, we're seeing an acceleration of the growth. So if I look at our local brands, for instance, in '18 they would have grown around 1%, year-to-date '19, they're growing about 3.5%, and they were even higher in Q3. So we clearly see the effect on our brands and we feel that we're getting a good return. Of course, we want those local brands to grow in line with the markets and they're about there, but there is still we feel the opportunity to keep on investing more. An example would be a brand like Pacific in China, which is very local brand, which is adapted to local flavors, biscuit brands, and it also has a health and wellness connotation. So that plays well, we're revamping LU in Belgium and France. And there's a number of these brands around the world which we think we need to really offer a full portfolio to our consumers. And again, to answer your question, clearly, yes, we have seen very clearly an effect on our local brands and it's working well.
David Palmer: And related to that, I would have thought by now, there'd be more of those bolt-on takes like acquisitions around the world, beginning a wish list, as you get that country level approach, and they're seeing stuff that is more relevant for them in a country level, and then you'd be getting that wish list and would be building up by now and that inorganic growth would be becoming a bigger part of the story. Do you think that that could happen at some point that we start to see more and more bolt-ons as they look to add to the inventory of brands?
Luca Zaramella: Yes, yes. We are constantly evaluating, I would say largely in our bigger markets, what are the opportunities for us to do bolt-on acquisitions. Of course in the first place, we want to invest in our own local brands. But if we see a clear gap in the market and sorting the snacking landscape as we lay it out, and the brands fits their like differences this with recent acquisition of Perfect Snacks here in U.S., protein bar refrigerated largely based on nuts. That is something we don't have growing very fast. So, as we see these opportunities around the world, we are clearly engaging, we try to be disciplined. And so we only will do it when it makes financial sense for us and on top, we see a large runway towards becoming a significant brand. We do not want to buy brands that in the end will not be of significant volume and net revenue to make a difference for us, but yes, again the answer would be yes. And hopefully in the coming quarter, we will see the effect of that.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC.
Nik Modi: Thanks. Good evening, everyone.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi Nik.
Nik Modi: Dirk, maybe hi, how are you? Maybe you could just answer two quick ones. The first is just latest thinking on DSD, just wanted to get your latest state of the Union on that. And then the second is, really talking about the breakfast occasion, as well as savory snacking and kind of how your initiatives in those areas are working and what we should be expecting, if you have any big opportunities over the next few quarters? Thanks.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Maybe on the DSD, as we said in the past, we think DSD for us is a strength. It allows us to have a better customer service and a fuller presence, if I can call it like that in the store. And we've been very pleased with our performance of our DSD in U.S., and we've seen important market share gains and we're pushing the category. Obviously, the way we think about our DSD system is as we acquire some of these bolt-on brands, we're expecting to bring them over time onto our DSD system. And we've been testing that, we want to test very carefully and we do not want to do it overnight, but some of the tests we've been doing putting some of those new brands on our DSD system have been highly successful. And so as we go forward, you will start to see us putting things like campaigns on our DSD across the U.S., which will be a big boost to the test brand.So we remain very committed to DSD and we have a clear executional expectation of how DSD will perform for our current brands. But we also see a big opportunity to bring some of our new brands onto our DSD system. As it relates to the breakfast occasion, do you mind repeating what you were alluding to Nik because I didn't fully understand it?
Nik Modi: Yes. I'm just trying to get a sense; obviously those are two important opportunities of growth for the company. So just wanted to understand what your - how those businesses performed this quarter and are there any big initiatives that we should be looking at for the next few quarters?
Dirk Van de Put: Well, the brands that we are positioning on the breakfast occasion is belVita. BelVita is a biscuit that gives you a sort of a slow release of energy, gives you a four hour energy. It's a brand that's performing quite well and it's a mid-single digit growth at the moment, doing quite well particularly in the U.S. Our evolution for belVita is to offer it in more different forums going into a soft cake for instance, going potentially into bars and gradually expand the range of belVita to make it a fuller breakfast offering not only in U.S. but around the world and potentially also take the brand into mid-morning snacking, which could also be very interesting, and I think the brand has a credentials not only from a branding perspective, but also from the active ingredients to make that happen. That's really our focus for the breakfast occasion for us.
Nik Modi: Excellent. Thank you. Okay.
Operator: Your next question is from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi.
Robert Moskow: I just wanted to -- this year is characterized as one of reinvestment, so I think people are going to look at the SG&A decline as a percentage of sales as a sign that this quarter didn't get the reinvestment as you normally would give to the business, but then again, you've been very clear that ex-Brazil, there was a reinvestment and the model was working. So can you kind of confirm that this missteps in Brazil didn't result in any kind of lower spending elsewhere around the globe that you knew the profit was coming in weak in Brazil, but that maybe - you cut the spending a bit in Brazil, but not elsewhere. And then secondly, a question on powdered beverage is about $400 million in sales that was just my desk estimate here in Brazil.
Dirk Van de Put: So, to your first part of the question, we didn't comp anywhere. Our PB expenses are up materially in Q3 actually more than only year-to-date basis. So, we protected the A&C investment, as these said many times there are a couple of things to bear in mind there. The first one is we are also skewing more towards working media. So that number that on the face of which is high in terms of total A&C is even higher in terms of working media and in the quarter and on a year-to-date basis. And the second element that has to be kept in mind is that management -- certainly management sitting at this table, but also management sitting in the business unit is not getting any past four A&C reductions in terms of incentive. So, if we deliver profit in a quarter through copying A&C, the number is not going count in terms of incentive that we're going to get at the end of the year, and I think that is an important step forward for the past, and the last thing we are going to do is copy and see even in a context where maybe -- we're under a little bit of pressure from a profit delivery.In Brazil, we did comp some A&C, but it was due to the fact that, we clearly didn't see it working. So, we are not going to be blind and say, yes, let's spend whatever, and no matter what, but I want to reassure that front, we're not going to do anything that we will regret in the medium to long-term. The PB categories in Brazil, it is north of $300 million. As I said, the category is a little bit challenged. We have big brands in there namely, Tang and Clight, and the local brand, which is called Fresh. We are facing a capital pressure point, one it is CSDs are taking share from the category, and the second element -- and so the category is shrinking a bit, and the second element is we are getting pressure from more competitive propositions and low price point propositions for consumers. So we are working on both and there is a more comprehensive plan we have in place for our beverages which hopefully will bring some positives, but I think it will take a little bit of time for that plan to really be in full effect and bring the capital back up and our share back up.
Robert Moskow: Great, Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you. I think we can stop the questions here. We are at the top of the hour. So, to wrap it up, our third quarter results, particularly our top line performance demonstrates the continued strength of our core categories and the power of our unique local and global brand portfolio. Our new strategy focused on growth, execution and culture is continuing to drive engagement and results across our business units.We are encouraged by our early progress against our strategy. We're equally excited about the opportunities that we see ahead of us, particularly for next year, and to increase further the momentum for our company. We see that in the form of expansion into adjacencies, driving market share gains in our existing portfolio, or reinforcing the growth potential of our categories. Our focus going forward remains on continuing to execute against our strategy, and ensuring that the company is well-positioned for sustainable growth and attractive long-term shareholder value creation.Thank you for dialing in. Thank you for your interest in the company, and talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Mondelez International Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides which are available on our website mondelezinternational.com/investors.During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements.As we discuss our results today, unless otherwise noted, we will be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures which adjust for certain items included in our GAAP results. In addition we provide our year-over-year growth on a constant-currency basis unless otherwise noted. You can find the comparable GAAP measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation.In today's call Dirk will give you an overview of our results as well as progress update against our strategic priorities, then Luca will take you through the financials and our outlook. We'll close with Q&A.With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Shep, and good afternoon, everybody. Today, we're reporting strong second quarter results as our category leadership position and solid execution allows us to capitalize on strong snacking fundamentals in most of our key markets.Our first half performance demonstrates that our more consumer-centric approach and focus on our strategic priorities is working. We're delivering volume-driven topline growth, while driving earnings growth and improved cash flow generation. Given this performance we're raising our full year outlook for organic net revenue growth to 3% plus which Luca will discuss in more detail later in the call.As you can see on my first slide, it is clear that our unique position as a global snacking leader and our unique approach to growing our business is driving us forward. We have a strong portfolio of global and local brands combined with an advantaged manufacturing and distribution network.We have leading positions in both developed and emerging markets and we have talented and committed colleagues who are energized by the progress they are seeing. The combination of these advantages are helping to generate volume growth, which by virtue of our efficient operations, generates more fuel to further invest in expanding our topline as well as create long-term value for our shareholders.We create that value through our consumer-centric growth strategy a reminder of which is on Slide 5. Our long-term goal is to deliver attractive dollar profit increase driven by solid topline growth as well as free cash flow expansion by focusing our business on three clear priorities; first to accelerate topline growth, second to drive operational excellence, and third to build a winning growth culture.Turning to the financial results for the second quarter on the next slide. We delivered strong performance against many key metrics. Our topline growth accelerated to 4.6% underpinned by solid category performance improving share trends and volume growth.Our emerging markets grew 7.6% while developed markets showed 2.8% growth. Our adjusted operating income grew in line with revenue as volume leverage and cost savings were partly reinvested in strengthening our brands and capabilities for the future.We reported high single-digit adjusted EPS growth and free cash flow reached $581 million since the start of the year. We also continued to make great progress on living our purpose across the organization including through our sustainability agenda.To talk briefly about our geographies, revenue grew across all four of our regions and was underpinned by market share gains. Our North American business grew 2.5% led by strong U.S. Biscuits result. Our AMEA business grew 4.7% overall with strong growth in China and India. Our European business grew 3.9% boosted by the U.K., Germany, and Russia. And in Latin America, growth was 10.9% or 4.2% excluding Argentina.Let me share a little more detail on progress against our strategy turning to Slide 7. We committed to increasing and optimizing investment behind our brands both global and local and our channels in order to create a solid foundation for future growth.Year-to-date, we have driven a total increase in organic net revenue of over $500 million and an increase in adjusted operating income of almost $100 million on a constant-currency basis.This investment is helping us to maintain strong growth momentum in two of our biggest brands Oreo and Cadbury Dairy Milk, thanks in part to expansion of distribution in key markets and channels.At the same time, we are putting more emphasis than in the past on our local jewels. For example Nutter Butter, an iconic U.S. brand that celebrated its 50th anniversary this year is delivering double-digit growth thanks to fresh investments.We're also fueling channel expansion. We have continued to expand our rural distribution network in major markets like India. This will give us an even stronger competitive advantage in a market where we're already leaders.In Southeast Asia, further investment in modern and traditional trade has enabled us to accelerate our fast-growing chocolate business in countries like Indonesia resulting in double-digit growth and share gains. We continue to build our e-commerce business as well. Our global e-commerce reported net revenue grew more than 30% in the quarter, while our U.S. e-commerce business grew almost 80%. We also saw continued strong growth in markets like China, where partnerships with e-tailers are helping us gain share.Operational excellence remains critical to our success. I was particularly pleased to see our Easter execution this year. During a particularly important time for our chocolate business, we achieved best-in-class service levels in key markets across Europe. And when it comes to cost, we are continuing to exercise the muscle we've built over recent years.Cost discipline remains well embedded in our organization, thanks to zero-based budgeting and we are extending efforts to cut other unnecessary costs from our supply chain, including reducing waste in our U.S. manufacturing network. As we head into the second half of the year, our new commercial organization is operating well.Our focus is more local and increasingly consumer-centric leading to improved speed, execution and results. By way of example in changing our organizational structure in Europe, we've made our business planning process much more efficient with 40% fewer meetings required. This has increased the speed of decision-making and keeps our people focused on their growth initiatives.On the next slide, I want to talk about another important pillar of our growth strategy, the acquisition of brands that help us accelerate growth by entering -- excuse me -- into adjacencies in broader snacking or into more well-being oriented products. So far this year, we've already made investments through our SnackFutures unit in the paleo/vegan chocolate company Hu and in the prebiotics company Uplift Foods.As you will have seen, we've recently taken a majority stake in Perfect Snacks, the pioneer in refrigerated nutrition bars. A few reasons why we are so excited about this brand. The products have great well-being credentials and offer organic non-GMO protein-rich snacks, which are on-trend with consumers. The company is growing fast and had 2018 revenues of $70 million.We will operate Perfect Snacks as a separate business in order to nurture its culture and its spirit. And importantly, key members of the founding family, the Keith are keeping a significant minority stake and will continue to lead the company. While they remain a separate business, we will offer significant resources to expand distribution. The business is delivering very strong growth and we're excited about the potential with clear opportunities to expand this platform further.Finally, let's turn to our impact on the world around us and our consumers. Our company's purpose to empower consumers to snack right is also reflected in our broad corporate sustainability agenda. In the second quarter, we announced our sustainable and mindful snacking goals.As part of our sustainable snacking strategy, for example, we have committed to sourcing 100% of the cocoa for our chocolate through Cocoa Life and moving to 100% recyclable packaging by 2025. And in order to encourage mindful consumption by our consumers, we will include portion amounts and mindful snacking information on all packages globally by 2025.We're also committed to cutting carbon dioxide emissions from the energy used in manufacturing. To help us achieve that, we announced a partnership with Enel Green Power to purchase energy delivered through the grid from a solar energy farm in the U.S. This will help us reduce our global manufacturing emissions by around 5%. The feedback on these initiatives from consumers and governments have been positive and underscores the importance for us to continue to lead the way in creating a future, where people and the planet thrive.With that, I will hand over to Luca.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk, and good afternoon. As you can see on slide 11, we delivered strong performance across all our key metrics. The quarter includes broad-based revenue growth with balanced volume/mix and pricing, a solid increase in gross profit and high single EPS growth. Productivity and overhead savings provided the fuel for $50 million of business investments in the first half versus last year to drive sustainable growth. Finally, these good results translated into free cash flow of approximately $600 million year-to-date.Turning to slide 12. Our leading footprint in emerging markets remains a competitive advantage for us and help drive our strong topline growth in Q2. These markets grew approximately 8%, marking the fourth consecutive quarter of growth greater than 5%. Excluding inflation-driven growth in Argentina, emerging markets grew 5.4%.China, India, Southeast Asia, Russia and Mexico were among some of our business units that drove this growth with a nice balance of volume and price. Developed markets also posted good momentum in Q2 with nearly 3% organic net revenue growth, driven by strong results out of Europe and notable improvement in North America.Now let's review our profit performance on slide 13. In the second quarter, we increased gross profit by more than 4%. Productivity, volume leverage and pricing all contributed. And importantly, gross profit grew faster than revenues in three of four regions. We feel very good about our ability to convert additional volume and revenue into gross profit and investing this benefit to ignite a virtuous cycle.In Q2, this benefit was partially muted by some operational issues we've had in Brazil. I'll talk a bit more about those in a minute. Our gross profit increase translated into solid OI dollar expansion with volume leverage and cost savings offsetting a step up in investments in the areas of A&C route-to-market and innovation.Moving to regional performance on slide 14. Europe delivered an excellent quarter with 3.9% revenue growth, driven by strength in the U.K., Germany and Eastern Europe. Notably, strong in-store execution and marketing activations around Easter enabled a halo effect on our chocolate business and allowed us to exceed our sales expectations and gain market share while driving the category. Philadelphia also performed particularly well as our investments are driving growth.Adjusted OI dollars grew by 5% in Europe due to robust sales and volume leverage alongside ongoing cost discipline. We also invested in A&C and route-to-market in the quarter. AMEA grew 4.7% due to continued strength across much of the region. India delivered another quarter of double-digit growth fueled by strong market dynamics and great execution in both Chocolate and Biscuit.China grew double-digits driven by strong results in Biscuit. This includes a balance between global and local trends as both Oreo and Pacific delivered great results. Gum also had a standout quarter with strong growth as we continue to take share. South East Asia grew mid single-digits with solid results in Biscuits and Chocolate. AMEA increased operating income dollars by 5% due to operating gains, partially offset by additional investments in high-growth potential markets.Latin America grew 10.9% due in part to inflation-driven growth in Argentina and impact of lapping the trucker strike in Brazil last year. Growth excluding these items was low single-digits. Mexico delivered another mid single-digit increase driven by Graham. Adjusted OI dollars in Latin America declined by approximately 13%, primarily due to issues in Brazil during the quarter, surrounding the consolidation of four plants to two.Production delays and some service delivery issues impacted our gross profit. Our team in Brazil is working to address these issues and we expect improvements over the course of the second half, although there will be some headwinds also for Q3. Finally, North America grew 2.5% in Q2 led by solid results in the U.S. Biscuits business. We gained share in Biscuits as Oreo and belVita delivered strong results across multiple channels.We continue to improve service levels and in addition, our DSD execution is driving benefits. While we still have work to do to improve consistency, we are encouraged by this progress. The North American region grew OI by nearly 10% due to effective pricing, waste reduction and overall supply chain execution.Let me spend a moment on category highlights. Our three snacking categories continued to demonstrate great fundamentals with total category growth of 3.4% on a year-to-date basis. This builds off 2018 momentum and reinforces our confidence that we have shaped the portfolio in the right way to benefit from attractive categories and markets. We also know that in many cases, we have helped drive this category's strength through our investments and execution.A few examples include, U.S. Biscuits where Oreo and DSD are two key drivers or Easter execution around the world, but especially in the U.K. and Australia or in India where our distribution gains are helping chocolate to make its way into consumption habits throughout the country. Overall, we held or gained share in 65% of our business, which is an improvement over recent quarters.Our Biscuits business grew 3.6%. Approximately 70% of our revenue grew or held share in this category including our U.S., China and India business. In Chocolate, our business grew 6.6%. Approximately 65% of our revenue grew or held share including the U.K., Australia and Brazil. The execution around this season in many of our key chocolate countries was best-in-class. Gum & Candy revenue grew slightly. About 35% of our revenue in this business gained or held share including strength in China gum and Mexico candy.Now turning to EPS on slide 20. Q2 EPS grew 9%. This growth primarily reflected operating gains driven by strong revenue results as well as income from the JV equity investment and share repurchases. I'll now move on to our cash flow results on slide 21. We delivered year-to-date free cash flow of $581 million in line with our plans due to further working capital efficiencies. We are well positioned to deliver on our full year target.Turning to capital deployment on the next slide, we have returned $1.7 billion to our shareholders through the first half. Today, we announced an increase to our quarterly cash dividend of 10% consistent with our goal of dividend growth in excess of adjusted EPS.Moving to our outlook. We are increasing our full year organic net revenue growth expectations to 3% plus. This reflects our strong first half results, as well as our view that the fundamentals around our categories remain robust and that momentum will continue into the second half. But it also acknowledges that our year-to-date revenues, was positively affected by an exceptional execution in our Easter season. We are also increasing our outlook for EPS growth to approximately 5%.Let me spend a few words to explain some of the dynamics here. Our EPS delivery in the first half has been strong, but with respect to the second half, it is important to note that we lack two items. The first one is a tax favorability in Q3 last year related to the U.S. tax reform transition period. And the second is impact of lower tax rates in the Netherlands that benefited JDE in Q4 2018. Excluding these two items, our underlying profit performance should be comparable with the first half, where volume leverage upsides and gross profit increases will be partially reinvested in growth initiatives.Concerning our overall second half effective tax rate, it is important to note that it is expected to be in line with Q2. We are also updating our interest expense estimate to approximately $400 million. Additional geopolitical disruptions or other disruptive events including Brexit are not anticipated within this EPS outlook estimate. Finally, our free cash flow expectations are unchanged.With that, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Good afternoon, everyone. Just two questions from me.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Good afternoon. First, I guess just at a high level Dirk, with the strong first half curious where you see this as putting Mondelez in the scheme of its broader strategy? I guess, do you see the company as ahead of schedule to return to the stated long-term algorithm? And then second, guidance for 3% plus organic top line for the full year. As you mentioned, Luca suggested deceleration from call it the 4% level in the first half. Are there some discrete items to think through here particularly given category growth is running above 3%? Or is there also perhaps some conservatism being employed as well? Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Thanks for the question, Andrew. I will maybe reply to the first part and then Luca can take the second question. So yes, we are pleased with the performance in the first half. We feel that it's a confirmation of the strong fundamentals that we have, which as you see with our unique position as a global snacking leader, within the right categories, within the right geographies. We have the emerging markets, but also developed markets this quarter doing quite well. We feel that we are successfully executing against our strategy, which is good  giving good early results and share trends.We wanted to invest in our brands and our capability, which we are doing, and which we can probably increase a little bit for the year. And we know that that's not linear. Not all of the effects of that increased investment we will see this year. That's going to build up over time. And then, the whole change we want to drive in the company becoming more consumer-centric. We've changed our structure to business units, with a local-first approach changed the incentives all to improve speed and execution and results.And yes, I would say that, at this stage we feel that everything is going as planned and probably faster than we would have planned. And we feel that, the strategy we put in place and our execution against that strategy is positioning us in a situation where we think that creating sustainable long-term shareholder value is clear. And yeah, we feel pretty good about what's happening in the company at this stage. So maybe Luca, you can talk about the guidance?
Luca Zaramella: Yeah. Thank you, Andrew. I think when you look at the quality of the overall results it is I think fair to say that, probably all around this is one of the best, if not the best quarter since the formation of Mondelez. And clearly, that gives us the confidence in the outlook also going forward. So we remain quite optimistic on the outlook and we clearly anticipate, continued momentum in the second half. We have to acknowledge though that the first half was positively impacted by what we call the halo effect on a great Easter execution.As we look around, all the countries where we have a meaningful chocolate business and there are many. We clearly drove the category performance in Q2. And we have executed very well from I would say supply chain with the exception of Brazil which we called out as one exception to actually being able to sell in the marketplace not only our seasonal products, but also the regular lines. And as we look at Easter, we are very, very pleased. We did exceptionally well. And that is one of the reasons why maybe the second part of the year might be lower than the 4% growth rate that you have seen in the first half. But to be very precise, we didn't have any discrete items in Q2 for that matter in the first half. Yes, we are lapping the trucker strike last year in Brazil, but in the big scheme of things it's quite immaterial. It is 0.1 points of growth for total Mondelez.You didn't ask about profit, but maybe I'll spend a couple of words there as well. Again, we are very pleased with what we saw on the first half. Excluding Brazil, gross profit is really growing nicely and we see the virtuous cycle coming to fruition. We see volume leverage coming through, productivity effective pricing. I mean, look at the number we are posting for North America profit as one example. And we are using the upside to reinvest in the business.The second half, as far as profit goes, it will be comparable to what we have seen so far. But we also want to solidify our business through continued investment.And so there is a little bit more to come in terms of investments. And clearly, where we see momentum, may be will double down to make sure that we generate even more revenue.So may be, we are conservative. But I would say the, first half was exceptionally well as we executed around for instance, these drivers I called out.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good afternoon, everyone.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: So two questions for me, one just -- first one, in North America pricing was up a little bit more sequentially in the second quarter, than it was in the first quarter. And I think you said in the prepared remarks, that you also had share gains.So, I guess two things around that. Relative to this price increase that you took earlier in the year or late last year, has the share performance. And the brands responded to that pricing. May be better than you expected?And I guess, as we are thinking about, kind of the balance of the year, would you expect that level of pricing to hold up the balance of the year?
Luca Zaramella: Yeah. Maybe I'll start. And then, to give a little bit of more perspective on shares and brand dynamics, so I think that we led color -- a little bit of color there. So pricing, yes, it is sequentially better.And by the way, I think if you look across all the regions, it is a little bit sequentially better. So, it's not only a North American thing, I would say. But we announced price the second way, quite frankly, towards the end of last year and became partially into effect in Q1.So, it is kicking in, at its fullest in Q2. And that's why you see -- you see the benefit. Becoming a little bit more pronounced in Q2. As you said, the categories particularly in Biscuits are reacting well.When you dissect the category dynamics you see both, volume and pricing, being positive. And so, not really true that you can price and you're going to lose volume EPU.If you have good marketing bumbles. And f you support your franchises, that can lead to value and volume growth simultaneously, which is the case. And on top of that, we are driving share.
Dirk Van de Put: Yeah. And may be to add to that on the shares, so, yes, we are seeing that our Biscuits category is in very good shape. North America, and as you know, it's 80% of our business.We have outstanding results for brands like Oreo or belVita, which means that we are driving the category growth. We see the pricing come through as Luca was commenting, and as we are gaining share.We also are seeing clearly that we have the benefit now of DSD. We have excellent execution in DSD in this quarter. And the other thing that has been changing is the retailer de-stocking is slowing down.So overall, we feel that there is good momentum in the consumer -- or in the consumption of our brands. And we feel that this momentum is going to continue. May be on North America, which has been a discussion in the past, a little bit on the supply chain because that could throw us off on those share gains that I was talking about.We saw a very good quarter. We are lowering our waste. Our case fill rate is back to a reasonable level. There's more work to be done. But overall, we feel that we really are seeing good progress there.We also have to improve our predictability and the consistency of the supply-chain. That has been one of the issues. But again, now for a number of quarters that has been improved.And we are also focused overall in driving excellence in our core operating processes. So, we don't see anything in the internal functioning of the company that would throw us off to continue to gain share in North America.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, great. Thanks for that. And Luca, if I could just follow-up on, net interest expense. It's down for the year versus original. Is that a function of like refinancing or a movement in rates? Just trying to understand if there's more sensitivity to that, as we look forward?
Luca Zaramella: No. I don't think. I mean you probably -- and some of your colleagues in Q1. Year-to-date we are $180 million give or take in terms of interest cost. So I think it is going to be in the ballpark of $400 million. So, I think it was a little bit more of we wanted to be on the safe side.I think in the meantime interest cost have moved down. And particularly given the commercial paper program, we have we are capturing some benefit versus the original guidance. So, I don't see anything material changing in the interest environment going forward.And we will continue to do what we had done so far, which is really getting our interest cost over the last five years down to a very good level, considering the investment grade we have.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Bryan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good evening.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, good evening, Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. Thank you. I just had a question for you, first off on just the broader level of investment you're putting behind the business. And as we think about -- you gave some a good kind of forecast for the second half for profitability.And then unique factors to keep in mind, as you've outperformed, the first half are your investments even heavier the second half than they were in the first half, is the question?And then just to understand, how they're going emerging markets versus developed markets just to get a better sense of that please?
Dirk Van de Put: Yeah. So, we are trying to get ourselves into this virtuous cycle, whereby, we invest more and that investment is concentrated in three areas. One is A&C, the second one is route-to-market and the third one is R&D.And as we invest more, we want that to generate volume growth, together with some pricing. And that then, increases our gross profit dollars of which we reinvest part of it. And the other part flows down to the bottom-line.In 2019, our thinking here is to largely reinvest most of that gross profit in the business. We obviously are going to deliver on the OI increase we have for the year. But it -- this is really a year of trying to get momentum in our brands and protect them for the long-term. So if we have the opportunity in the second half, yes, we are planning to invest more.I would also like to say that it's not just a question of investments. What we are also doing is trying to optimize our spending. What that means is that we are paying a lot of attention to our ROI on our investment activities. We've implemented a new, what we call marketing playbook, which is working well for us. And we are also shifting more of the investment to working media. So the net effect of what we really are spending on media and online is more than the extra amount we are investing. It's a shift within that spending too.So the long answer to your question is, yes, we will -- we see this year as an investment. We are still growing our OI, but we want to catch as much as momentum as we can on our brands. And so with what we're seeing coming out in the next second half, we expect that we can do a little bit more.As it relates to emerging markets versus developed markets, I'd say at a high level what is happening is that the very good trend that we've seen in the emerging markets, which was now for the fourth quarter in a row were growth of above 5% continued. They were up 7.6%. And we have very good results in places like India, China, Southeast Asia, Eastern Europe.At this stage, we feel very good about these markets and we feel that we can continue to drive category development through increased distribution and more investment in the brands.Probably the biggest change came from developed markets versus the previous trend in this quarter, whereby, they now grew 2.8% almost 3%. That was driven, obviously, by the continued improvement in North America and a very strong Easter season in the U.K. and Ireland.So what I would say a good balance of volume and pricing was also clear for us in the developed markets and we expect -- we also saw as expanding our margins in those markets this quarter.So, overall, I would say very positive signs in both and nothing at this on the horizon that would throw us off except maybe from a Brexit or something like that. But we see the momentum in emerging and developed markets continuing.
Chris Growe: Okay thank you for that answer. There was a lot of good color. I just had a quick follow-on, which is in relation to the pricing that you achieved this quarter, would you -- could we call that a full run rate based on what you announced so far? Or is there more pricing still to come through that you've announced in the market rather than focus on something you may still announce for the business?
Luca Zaramella: Look I think Chris the -- I'm sensitive while talking about future pricing actions, and I don't want to signal anything. Just remember that we had some incremental pricing actions that took effect in the second part of last year. And in general terms what I would say is we have proven that we want to be disciplined in terms of pricing. Last year in the U.S., I think we were the first player to really move.So we will continue to be disciplined on pricing. We believe it is quintessential to the algorithm to support our franchises. So without talking about specifics, we see some places where there is inflation, where there is some commodity and cost pressures and we will take appropriate pricing actions as we see appropriate.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you very much.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Strycula with UBS.
Steve Strycula: Hi good afternoon. So Luca to start off, I appreciate the color on Brazil. Was hoping to get a little bit more insight as to dimensionalizing how much of a profit drag it was to segment or total company profitability. And how do we think about the recovery rate in the back half? Specifically is this weighing on your ability to fill customer service rates? Is it causing any distribution losses in Brazil? Color there would be helpful. And then I have a quick follow-up for Dirk.
Luca Zaramella: Yeah. So these operational issues in the quarter adversely impacted the gross profit line by I would say $20 million to $30 million. So it was a material impact. The simple facts are over the last couple of years at least Brazil has -- as an economy suffered quite a bit and the categories where we compete lost quite a bit of volume. So we really underwent a material change in the business. And we featured in the past Curitiba, which is one of the two plants. We have one in the south and the other one in the north as being very cost competitive.But the facts are we consolidated four plants down to these two plants and we had some executional issues. That translated first into inefficiencies in product that we had to scrap in the plant, but also in logistics related issues in terms of distribution inability to have the right product in the right place and also extra cost.The recovery rate, it is hard to give you a specific answer there. What I would say though is I don't think we would be fully solved by the end of Q3 and there might be improvements in Q4. I feel hopeful that there will be improvements in Q4, albeit I can't tell you exactly what they will be at this point in time.In the overall guidance we gave you, we consider all those things. And so we will provide an update clearly as we post Q3 and as we talk about Q4. But for the time being, I can't say that we would be fully solved by Q3 or Q4.
Steve Strycula: Thanks. And then for Dirk, we've seen a lot of the global multinational companies that are also showing very good organic sales growth, reinvest also back into the core business. So to the extent you had the ability to pull forward some of the investment spend that you're planning for maybe the start of early fiscal 2020 into this year. What are some of the priority country-category combinations that we can look for the business to maybe improve or may be even accelerate at the margin? Thanks.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Yes, I mean for us the emerging markets are very important. The reason being that we see that a lot of the snacking growth around the world will be coming from those markets. So for us to invest more in places like India, China, Southeast Asia, Eastern Europe and also Brazil those are the places where we would think about.At the same time, we do feel that we have very good momentum in North America and we have not necessarily been able to invest a lot more versus the past in North America. So we are planning also there to increase our investment. So that's the way I would describe it. It's about the emerging markets the ones I mentioned and then North America.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Kenneth.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Ken.
Ken Goldman: It seems -- at least it's a possibility of a hard Brexit taking place at this point. And I know you've spoken in the past about some of the preparation you've done to maybe mitigate the impact. Can you just update us on some of the steps you've taken since where do you stand with that? And I imagine it's far too difficult to have any level of certainty here but if you are any closer to being able to quantify some of the risks of a Brexit that would be helpful too?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, it's difficult to speculate. I can give you an indication of what we think the possible effects are of a Brexit, but to quantify that exactly is a little bit difficult since we do not know which shape or form Brexit will take.Having said that, the UK business is an important business for us. It's also one of our powerhouse businesses. It's a snacking powerhouse with a very strong presence in Chocolate, Biscuit and Candy. It's a market that is doing very well for us. It's very profitable and growing at a very good pace. And particularly this second quarter was a very good quarter for the UK.Like I said it's very difficult to speculate, but there's different forms of Brexit. And if there is a hard Brexit there will certainly be implications to our business. In the short-term, we are largely talking about supply-related issues. And in Q1 as we were preparing for a potential Brexit in March, we put in motion those plans.What does that mean? It means that we increased the level of raw materials we have in the country. We increased the number of warehousing space we have for finished products. We contract more distribution trucks and so we are ready to keep our products in distribution no matter what. We did that very well.In fact The TRADE called our preparation one of the best if not the best preparation for a potential Brexit and we are going to put that plan back in motion. We thought it would cover us very well on the short-term potential effects of disruption in the supply chain. However, there is also a risk that there could be inflation and a currency devaluation as a consequence of Brexit and those are effects that are much more difficult for us to estimate.And it would lead to a number of other changes that we needed to implement related to pricing, related to sourcing. Those are more of the longer-term effect. And as I said at this stage very difficult to exactly estimate what the quantitative effect will be.We are ready to deal with these challenges as you can imagine. We are running scenarios and we are ready to implement. We do believe that over the long-term this is a very strong market. It's a business that we want to protect and we are sure that if we have to deal with any short-term or even a little bit longer-term disruption that in the end we will be back stronger than before. As you might know we have a very significant production presence in the UK and we see ourselves capable in the end to supply the UK from the UK if need to.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks. I guess, I'll real quick I'll just build off of Ken's question and I've got an entirely separate question. The UK government in March announced a temporary -- well some sort of proposal for temporary relief in the situation of a hard Brexit on import tariffs for up to 12 months. So that would appear to imply to most food products. Do you believe that would be applicable to your business? And could that be a powerful mitigator of any sort of near-term disruption?
Luca Zaramella: Look we did quite an extensive analysis on these. We don't believe even after a temporary period there will be material tariff impacts in our business given the structure of our imports into the country. As Dirk said, we have a material presence in the UK to start with but also given what we bought and the shape and form of what we bought we don't believe there will be material ongoing tariff at this point in time based on what we know at this point.So I would say not only temporarily, but also in the long-term there will be most likely no material tariff impacts for us at this point in time. That's what we see. I think as Dirk said a hard Brexit will -- might hamper consumer confidence. There will be most likely an immediate currency devaluation on top of what we have seen these last couple of days. But we will also see potentially inflation running up into the countries and that might lead to a consumer situation. That might be detrimental not only to our business, but to the overall economy. So it's hard to say exactly what will happen, but that's really what we need to watch for. And that's how we want to take as a company a long-term stance making sure that we protect the business we have there which is quite a good business.
Jason English: Sure. That makes a lot of sense. Thank you. And then pivoting to my second line of question it's really around gross margins. I understand the Brazil math. It looks like it was somewhere in the magnitude of 30 to 50 basis point drag on GMs this quarter. But the lack of margin flow-through on the accelerating price growth is nonetheless a little bit surprising. Can you walk us through the puts and takes like where is productivity coming in? Where is inflation? Where is the reinvestment in product or expansion into other lower-margin verticals that could mix down? What are all those puts and takes that are holding back GMs?
Luca Zaramella: I would say -- and we are clearly not going to disclose gross margin or gross profit by region. But I can reassure you that, as I look at pretty much all P&Ls by category and business unit around the world, I can tell you that vast majority of those P&Ls make a lot of sense. You see broad-based growth and you see a nice balance of volume and pricing. The volume effect and the leverage that it provides to our supply chain is coming into effect and we see continued cost savings into costs and overheads.In some cases, clearly there are better outcomes than in others. But overall, I would say again as I look around the world, we are quite in a good place in terms of GP growth. I think on a year-to-date basis, we are 20 bps up in total company and again, when you add back the potential impact of Brazil and the fact that in terms of pure percentage margins places like Argentina are becoming a little bit more diluted than we have seen in the past.I think when you consider those two effects I think we can say we are quite pleased. You look at the OI growth in Q2 North America growing almost 10% OI. You look at EU and EMEA 5% after we made material investments in the A&C line. I think all-in-all, the algorithm as we envisaged in the first place is coming to fruition. It's not that we are not delivering the savings that volume leverage isn't there it is the fact that this specific quarter we had Latin America being an outlier.
Jason English: Okay. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Jason.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good evening.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, David.
David Palmer: Two quick ones for me as well. First on Chocolate, your Chocolate business was holding or gaining share. I think it was about 35% to 40% of its markets last year. And now those numbers look more like two-thirds of that business are holding or gaining share, so that's a nice improvement. Could you talk about the biggest factors that have really turned your market share trends in Chocolate around?
Luca Zaramella: Yes, yes. Well, we over-indexed in Easter and particularly in Europe. And so what you saw in the first quarter was that is kind of a normal trend in our business. Easter this year was not in the first quarter, but in the second quarter. Last year, it was in the first quarter. So you saw the difference. And in the second quarter, we had an excellent execution of Easter and that is really what is giving us the boost in the market share. So, we are now -- year-to-date we are sort of evened out and we saw some very good progress in our Chocolate market share. But it's completely due to our Easter execution.
David Palmer: Got it. And then second you've talked in the past about a more decentralized management approach and that was going to dovetail with a greater attention to and perhaps spend behind some of your regional power brands not just your global ones. Is that -- or has that shift already begun? And is that a factor in your results this year? Or is that something more of a longer curve to it?
Dirk Van de Put: No that shift has started. And so we've increased our overall investment and I would say a large chunk -- I can't put an exact percentage on it, but I would call it maybe 70%, 80% is going into those local brands. And we've seen a clear change of strength since we've started to do that. So local brands or regional brands in the past would have been negative for us. They're now positive and they have been accelerating every quarter in their growth. So the intention was there. We are executing and we're seeing the effects very, very clearly in our results.
David Palmer: And do you think that that will be continuing to go -- an area of improvement even from these levels?
Dirk Van de Put: I would expect that we still have some upside. At the moment, they are growing in line with or even slightly above the categories. But these are brands that have not received a lot of investments for years. If you take into account, we started about nine months ago really investing in them. So, we haven't even seen a full year of investment. And we're also not only increasing the investment, but we're doing a number of innovations launching a number of healthier products with cleaner ingredients and so on. So we are also renovating these brands. So, I do think that there's still a run way to increase the level of their growth.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. Just wanted to clarify a couple of things, I think you said the second half you expected to be similar to the first. And were you referring to sales and operating income growth both because they're both running at around 4% ex currency? And then secondly, I'm still trying to figure out the level of investment or at least roughly. Your gross profit dollars ex currency are up 4.4% year-to-date. That's about $200 million. Is the answer something along the lines of half of that or some percentage of that? I know you don't want to give us an exact number, but I'm just trying to figure it out.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. So when I said -- when I was talking about the profile being comparable I was talking more about gross profit and NOI. We gave you the couple of items that are masking a little bit the underlying performance of our EPS and they related as I said to taxes. So I was really referring to the bottom line more than the top line.What I said on the top line is that we clearly see momentum in the business. And we anticipate continued momentum in the second half both in terms of categories. And as one of your colleagues said, also in terms of share, we are quite pleased with what we saw in chocolate.But having said that, the first half was positively impacted by what we call the halo effect of a great Easter execution. And that is why the second part of the year might be lower than the 4% growth rate of the first half. As it relates to the level of investments, as we said, for the year, we intend to invest give or take $150 million. I think as you -- I gave you enough elements to say how the second part of the year will look like in terms of GP and NOI growth.And then we made the reference to what we spent in the first half. So there is more to come in the second half. But we will continue to invest both on global and local brands. We said we are investing in A&C. As Dirk said, it's not only the amount of money, it's the quality of what we are doing elevating, the emotional connections of our brands. But also in route-to-market or in route-to-market in places like India, Russia we continue to invest and we want to continue to invest.And finally in R&D, we are also making material investments specifically around test-and-learn methodologies, agile methodologies. We gave you a few examples of things we are doing. So I think you have enough elements to understand what we are -- how Q2 -- how Q3 and Q4 will look like in terms of GP and NOI.
Robert Moskow: And just to be clear, the $150 million is the reinvestment for the total year or was that
Luca Zaramella: Yes it is. Yes it is.
Robert Moskow: Thank you. Perfect.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from David Driscoll with Citi Research.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good evening.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, David.
David Driscoll: I appreciate you guys getting me in and I see what time we are on the hour. I guess just a couple of points. So first one is nice job on the first half of the year so far. And then I wanted to just ask a little bit about North America. The margin in the quarter I think just a little bit more than 22% segment margin. I believe that might be a record margin for North America. So given the problems that happened on the malware attack, et cetera, can you just take us up-to-date as to what really was the key driver for that margin? And would you expect that that margin has upside in the future as you continue your progression on cost in Lines of the Future, et cetera?
Luca Zaramella: Look I think, if I have to step back and really tell you what is the difference in Q2 versus other quarters in North America, it is we have created a lot of discipline around key processes for the company. Starting with demand planning, making sure that we shape up demand in a way that makes sense in terms of cost. Instead of shipping products from branch-to-branch, we are governing through a better forecast, through a better governance all those flows of goods that in a context where we have more than 50 branches and quite a few SKUs in biscuits, governing that is clearly key.We have created a lot of discipline and visibility and transparency around waste and waste process not only what we generate in a plant, but also returns of goods. And I can tell you there is a material benefit coming through as Glen and the team have established processes to govern again waste.And third, but not less important, it is the fact that by having visibility and good understanding of how demand is shaping, our factories are able to predict more reliably what they need to produce and when. And so we have more efficient runs in the company.There is clearly also pricing coming through. In a context where last year we saw inflation, we priced promptly I believe. But the full benefit of pricing didn't come through last year, and so now you have a more balanced situation in terms of pricing net of cost. So these four elements are coming through.Do I think we can improve? Absolutely. I think we can improve. As we said, North America is one of the networks where we will be making more investments going forward. And so I think in terms of upside potential there is more to come.
David Driscoll: That was a very thorough answer. One follow-on relating to outside North America, but relates to Chocolate. We've heard a number of U.S. chocolate companies taking price increases in the United States. You guys of course have in your major chocolate operations in Europe and elsewhere. Is -- can we draw any parallels between the price increases that we're seeing in the United States in chocolate where those price increases might be applicable to your chocolate operations outside the United States? Or would you really kind of disabuse me of that notion and say that these things are more unconnected than that? But it feels like North, North America and Europe should have some kind of connection in terms of chocolate pricing, would just love to hear your thought process?
Luca Zaramella: Look again, it's really  it wouldn't be good for me to comment on future pricing actions in places like Europe. Again, that is too sensitive of a subject. I think there are a couple of things though that are very clear at this point in time. One, it is that, there is quite a bit of inflation not only in the U.S. but all around the world in terms of specifically two items. It's  one it is logistics costs, and the second one is labor costs. And so I think over time we have to make sure that we price that away. Might not happen in the short-term, but over time, we have proven that we have the discipline to price those costs away.The second part, I think it is very important to note that in terms of the way we procure cocoa, we are never hand-to-mouth. And this year for instance, cocoa prices went up for us, but we were able to secure cocoa at a very reasonable price. But I think it is fair to say that given some of the proposals that are coming out of the Cte d'ivoire and Ghana. There is a spike in cocoa cost. And concepts like the leading income differential are putting a little bit of pressure in the market. And the cost of cocoa has gone up. So I think I've given you enough elements for you to draw some conclusions. But for me to be able to talk about specific pricing actions, I think it is really hard.
David Driscoll: Really appreciate the comments. Thank you, guys.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Operator: We have time for one more question. Your final question comes from Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thank you filling me in.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Rob.
Luca Zaramella: Hey, how are you?
Rob Dickerson: Couple of questions. I guess first question is just regarding the top line guidance you said potential implied slight deceleration, if that does happen in the back half versus kind of the floor of what we saw in the first half. The question I have though is it doesn't seem like pricing would necessarily be decelerating, just given the actions we are seeing flowing through in North America maybe Latin America as well. There's not much in Europe. But other parts of  or let's say Europe other kind of overall end market basis is still seeing decent pricing. And so then, I look at it and say well  okay, well then obviously, it will be more volume mix, and there could be some nuances to why. But like again, when I look in the first half, right, the first half the volume performance in growth terms volume/mix was essentially similar to what we saw in the first half of last year.And then  so if you look at the back half, the volume/mix is a little bit easier last year to compare again. So the question, even though wordy is basically, if there is deceleration it seems like kind of what you're saying is maybe there's a little risk of nuanced volume deceleration in the back half of the year, because the first half was impacted by a well-executed Easter. It doesn't seem like pricing would decelerate, but then that's off of an easier second half compare. So like why would volumes really decelerate that much, if the compare is easier? And if pricing isn't coming down why would organic sales really decelerate? Thanks. And I have one more.
Luca Zaramella: Yeah. Look as we've said, I don't think this is about not having confidence in the second part of the year or seeing momentum slowing down or  as Andrew asked the first question having some discrete items in the first half that will turn into issues in the second part. This is nothing around all  any of these topics. Again, it is the recognition of the fact that in the 4.1%, we had on a year-to-date basis in the first half, there was a clear execution gain related to Easter.And that is why the second part of the year might be lower than the 4%, we see in the first half. But I think in the end, we have to feel good about the solidity of our categories the fact that the growth of the business is broad-based. Again, it is not about the quarter at 4.6% that I like. Obviously, I like the 4.6%. But it is the good quality of results all around. I haven't seen these types of volume/mix and price gains in a long, long time. I was very pleased with the share gains that we started seeing. Chocolate is fantastic. We are still losing a bit of share in places like India, where we have a 65% share. But if I take out India, all the big markets they are growing share. And the same is applicable to Biscuits. So this is not about saying the second part of the year, we will have a slowdown or it is about recognizing that in the first half, there was a positive impact due to Easter.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Fair enough. And then one other question  I have two questions. One is a little bit more sensitive. The first question is on just your JDE piece right total income from equity investments. In the first half year-over-year, it's up, say 30%. So obviously something is going well there. If you could just provide any color as to why they've been performing so well, one. And then two is that a run rate that we should be thinking about at least in the near term for the back half? And I asked just given it's obviously material to your total income.
Luca Zaramella: Look, we are very pleased with coffee. It is fair to say that they have performed very, very well. So in Q2 and the first half, as you said, the earnings grew respectively 40% and 25%. As KDPs getting the synergies and this should be no surprise, we are reporting KDP on a lag. So to understand what is going to happen in Q3 for KDP, you have to look at their Q2. And JD is capitalizing on a successful business model in single-serve and espresso and compatible business, which is doing very, very well and it is taking share in the major markets in Europe mostly.The company is also generating good cash flow and they are delevering fast. And so, there is a subsequent interest cost saving. So, nothing has really changed in what we see in JDE and KDP. They are good financial investments for us. They doubled in value since the inception of the JV. And as we've said many times, there is more upside potential for both businesses and we like clearly the clarity, the vision, the potential and the flexibility those investments offer.
Rob Dickerson: So, it doesn't sound like there's much urgency like say -- or any change to the strategic optionality thought process right? They're doing well. Obviously Q1 and Q2, they've done very well. Unless you really need the cash for some reason, let's just keep letting them do well. It's pretty much that?
Luca Zaramella: Yeah. I mean we have good shareholder right over both companies. Specifically for JDE, we could propose a price to drop for which they have the right of first refusal. And then if the value is not accepted, we could take JD public through an IPO. And clearly, we would love to have a public mark for both investments as we believe there is more value. So, yeah, you're right. Nothing at this point has really changed. We see more upside potential for both companies.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, super. And then one last quick one is just your -- when you said, back half profit would be similar to first half profit, means a lot of different things. And maybe I just don't get it. Sometimes I don't. Is that -- you're just -- you're literally just saying operating profit? Or is that gross profit? Or is that just net profit like net income would be similar on a dollar basis back half versus second half? Thats it. Thanks.
Luca Zaramella: Yeah. I think the shape of the P&L will be similar to the first half. I would say -- I would leave it at that. Clearly there is a little bit more investment coming in the second part of the year, but broad stroke the shape of the P&L is going to be similar.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, super. Thank you so much.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you. And as I said at the outset, I'm proud of this quarter's results and of the work -- the hard work of my colleagues across the globe. I think this quarter and this first half show how our leadership position and strategy is helping to drive the strength of snacking categories around the world and creating value for our shareholders. And we do all this while remaining committed to deliver on our promise to create a future where people and the planet thrive.This first half helps us to remain focused on our long-term objective of generating volume-driven top line growth of 3% plus and fueled by virtuous circle of increasing investments, which generate solid sustainable operating income growth. Our progress to date gives me further confidence in the validity of our strategy and our long-term prospects. Thank you for your interest in the company.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Mondelez International First Quarter 2019 Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations of Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides which are available on our website, mondelezinternational.com/investors. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the Company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise noted. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. In today's call, Dirk will give you an overview of our results as well as progress update against our strategic priorities. Then Luca will take you through the financials and our outlook. We will close with Q&A. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Shep, and good afternoon, everybody. Six months after the launch of our new strategy, I'm encouraged by our performance and the progress that we're making. Our new strategy leverages our unique differentiators. We are a global leader in snacking. We are not in general food. We have an expansive global presence with nearly 75% of our sales outside of North America. We have large and powerful global brands and well-known local brands that resonate with consumers. And we've built a culture of cost discipline, which provides a strong platform to leverage future growth. And our teams are rallying behind are clear and focused strategy to accelerate growth and create value for our shareholders. Our new strategic plan built on these fundamental advantages and it's focused on executing on these three strategies to create a more consumer-centric organization. The first strategy is about accelerating our topline growth, the second, about driving operational excellence, and the third, about creating a winning consumer focused culture. The combination of these three leaves us well positioned to create sustainable long-term shareholder value. I am pleased with our latest financial results, which demonstrate clear progress against these strategies. These results reinforce my confidence in what we can achieve with a consumer-centric mindset and with our people in power to act with speed and agility. We started 2019 with a strong quarter. In the first three months, we delivered against our key financial metrics. Our topline growth accelerated to 3.7% with a good balance of volume mix and pricing. Our emerging markets grew at 8% and we continue to build on our momentum created with our strong execution. India, China, Southeast Asia, Russia, Mexico and Africa all performed really well and Brazil returned back to growth. Our developed markets showed sustained growth at approximately 1%, supported by Europe and a continued improvement in North America. We also expanded gross profit dollar growth of 4.5%, and we achieved OI increase of more than 4%. Now this enabled us to deliver double-digit adjusted EPS growth for the quarter. We also continue to improve cash generation with free cash flow of $200 million, while we deployed over $1 billion to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. So let me share with you some more details and examples. Our first strategy which is consumer-focused growth is driven by deep and proprietary insights about snacking behaviors and occasions. The first focus area within the strategy is to extend our brands into broader snacking territories. A couple of examples from Q1. We've talked about chocobakery, which is a growing gross category opportunity globally. And this quarter, in India, our team expanded our presence in this space with a new Oreo cookie which is dipped in our Cadbury Chocolate. The result is a premium offering, which helped us gain biscuit market share in this key market. Another example is about parents wanting a playful child's treat. So we launched Cadbury Little Treasures in the UK, which is a portion controlled amount of chocolate, combined with a series of collectible toys. The launch was very strong, exceeding our expectations and helped us to increase overall Cadbury Dairy Milk sales in the UK. The second focus area of our growth strategy is to make the most of our portfolio by investing in our global and our local brands. A great example here is specific biscuits, which is an iconic historical brand in China and absolutely loved by local consumers. It is also quite uniquely adapted to Chinese taste. In this quarter we expanded the brand into rice wafers, a new segment beyond the core of the brand and it's performing really well. Our local brands in total contributed solid growth to this quarter which is an important reversal of the previous trend. I also want to mention that our global brands grew faster as well at mid single-digits. We had strong growth across most global brands, but I want to call out Oreo, our biggest brand which grew double-digit, which is quite remarkable and also Cadbury Dairy Milk, another one of our big brands which grew high single-digit. The third focus area of our consumer growth strategy is the activation of our new marketing playbook. This is driven by new and proprietary consumer insight. This is allowing us to refine our campaigns and capture more growth as consumers change how they engage with the brands they care about. The first example here, is our new global Oreo campaign, where we used our insights to deliver highly effective local adaptations. In China for instance, we took the broad global concept of staying playful and made it culturally relevant, connecting Oreo with traditional Chinese occasions. As a result, we've grown China Oreo sales double-digit. Another example is in Brazil where a new campaign for Trident called Chew2Relax made use of consumer insights to reposition the gum brand, driving a strong consumption recovery and help us regain share. The fourth focus area within our consumer growth strategy is about innovation, where we're changing to an agile innovation approach. This focus is on testing ideas in small launches, capturing learning and then scaling them across more markets. An example here, which we are particularly proud of, is our first quarter launch of PataMilka in France, which went from idea to market in six months. What we've done here is taking the Milka chocolate brand and expanding it into the broader snacking category of spreads, which is a big opportunity in a country where chocolate spread is a key part of afternoon snacking rituals. And we applied an agile reproach or approach, which had a record time from idea to market. The last focus area within the growth strategy is reaching the consumer wherever they are, with points to a stronger expansion of our presence in alternative channels, but also geographical white spaces. A great example here is a continued expansion of our distribution in the traditional trade in Indonesia. This approach is helping drive double-digit sales growth in this promising developing market. A second example was in our South Central Europe business. This area includes countries such as Romania and Bulgaria, but also Serbia, Albania, Bosnia and Croatia. All these countries together add up to more than 50 million inhabitants. The team here expanded our presence in the impulse channel in a major way. Through investments in route-to-market and sales capabilities as well as A&C and price pack architecture. All this led to solid double-digit growth of the total business in the first quarter. So now, switching to our second strategy, which is aimed at translating our consumer-centric growth model into incremental sales and margins, by focusing on improving execution across all elements of our business. This operational excellence strategy can come in the form of sales execution, for instance, where we leverage our customer supply and logistics capabilities to deliver outstanding in-store presence and availability. As you know, a particular focus here is North America, where we are making important improvements to our supply chain, as well as leveraging the power of our direct-to-store distribution model. This has helped few results; including low single-digit consumption growth and feature and display conversion up double-digit, particularly behind the recent launch of the Game of Thrones themed to Oreo pack. This pack was displayed prominently ahead of the new season airing in the U.S. We've also continued to benefit from our investments in our plants. We talked to you about Curitiba in Brazil at the CAGNY Conference. Another example would be our Suzhou plant in China, where our world-class efficiency has helped to drive strong volume growth in that market. Turning to our last strategy, which is our drive to nurture a winning growth culture. The changes we are making have given our teams a renewed sense of energy, purpose and passion. This is helping them uncover more opportunities to grow. As I mentioned before, we have launched a nimbler more empowered business unit commercial organization with the right incentives to drive growth. As a result, our commercial organization is better positioned to meet consumer needs, move fast and act entrepreneurially. We are also accelerating training across our business, focused on growth capabilities and growth mindset. And we're also launching more agile project based working systems across our different functions. Under these newly empowered themes, we are already seeing benefits, like accelerated and more efficient investment in A&C and a better split of our investment in local and global brands, as well as higher sales and faster innovation. Another initiative in the evolution of our culture is to drive step change innovation by creating an internal and an external network. The creation of our snack futures innovation and venture hub which aims to unlock snacking growth opportunities around the world is off to a great start. We have made minority investments in Uplift foods, which is focused on prebiotic functional snacks, and we also invested in a healthy snacking company called Hu, with a portfolio of vegan and paleo chocolate and biscuits. Finally, I want to talk about our purpose, because our three strategies are inspired by our company purpose of empowering people to snack right. Snacking made right relates to many aspects of our business, but not in the least to the impact we have on the world. The journey to empower people to snack right starts with how we source our ingredients. And this is an important focus for me as the leader of this company. I was fortunate recently to meet farmers and stakeholders we partner with in Ghana and Ivory Coast, as part of our Cocoa Life Sustainability Program. I witnessed firsthand how we are working everyday to strengthen the supply chain for the future and to empower farmers to achieve sustainable livelihoods. I am proud to announce that we will accelerate our sustainable Cocoa Sourcing Program. So we commit that by 2025, 100% of the Cocoa we use in our chocolates globally will be sourced through our Cocoa Life Sustainability Program. That is an increase from 43% today. This is a huge milestone for our program, our team and our company. And also an important step toward further securing sustainable growth for Mondelez International. So in summary, I feel very confident that we have the right strategies in place to capitalize on the opportunities we see in snacking and in our markets. Particularly with our strong emerging market position, and I'm also very pleased to see that we are executing against those strategies in a way that is bringing tangible improvement in our topline growth, our operational excellence and in our culture. Our first quarter results demonstrate that we've got momentum as we head into this year of investment. Our categories are performing generally well in our brands both local and global are benefiting from increased investment in advertising, creative and innovation. All of this is very motivating for our teams in the markets. I think they feel empowered and trusted and ready to perform. So let me now turn to Luca for more detail on our Q1 performance.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk, and good afternoon. It was a strong first quarter and start to the year, as we built on the progress we saw in the later part of 2018. In quarter one; we delivered strong organic net revenue growth, solid increase in gross profit dollars, double-digit earnings increase and positive free cash flow. We also returned more than $1 billion to our shareholders. Growth was broad-based as we posted positive results across each region and business unit, driven by another quarter of balanced volume and pricing. It is important to note that the vast majority of Easter shipments happened in Q1, generally eliminating phasing impact between Q1 and Q2. Adjusted gross profit dollars on a constant currency basis grew more than revenue in Q1, similar to Q4, and we continue to make critical investments to our business, in order to support our long-term strategic initiatives, across brands, go-to-market and innovation, consistently with our plans for the full-year. Organic net revenue increased 3.7% for the first quarter. This increase was driven by solid execution across our business and continued momentum in emerging markets, where we posted growth of 8% with a good balance of volume and pricing. Excluding Argentina, emerging markets grew 6.5%. We delivered strong results across the Board, in India, China, Southeast Asia, Russia, Mexico and Africa. In addition, Brazil returned to growth this past quarter. We also delivered solid performance in developed markets, supported by growth in Europe and continued steady improvement in the North American business. On a regional basis, Europe once again demonstrated another quarter of solid execution as it delivered revenue growth of 2.7% lapping the strongest quarter last year. This growth was volume driven and broad-based with solid increases across chocolate, biscuits and candy. Russia grew double-digits, while Germany and the UK also delivered solid results. AMEA grew 6.1% due to strength in several key markets and growth in every business unit. India once again delivered a quarter of double-digit growth powered by a strong market environment and great execution in both chocolate and biscuit. China grew mid single-digit behind great results in both biscuits, as we grow both global and local brands and gum, where our stride proposition continues to gain traction with consumers. Southeast Asia posted mid single-digit growth with good results in biscuits and chocolate. And Africa also grew with chocolate, candy, beverages and gum all posting growth. Latin America grew 8.4% due in part to Argentina. Growth excluding Argentina was low single-digit. Mexico delivered mid single-digit growth and Brazil returned to growth in Q1. As a result of trends in chocolate and solid results in biscuit. We are encouraged by the progress we made in Brazil and expect steady improvement throughout the year. North America grew 0.5% in Q1 due to continued momentum in the U.S. Biscuit business, partially offset by gum and halls declines. We delivered biscuit share gains across nearly all channels, driven in part by strong performance and execution behind our Oreo brand. We made improvements in service levels in the quarter. That said, there is still work to be done to drive better consistency. We continue to expect progress in 2019, albeit not linear with overall modest growth for the year. Now let's review our profit performance. In the first quarter, we grew adjusted gross profit dollars, nearly 5% on a constant currency basis. This increase was driven by continued productivity, volume leverage and pricing. Gross profit growth offset partially by additional SG&A, drove OI dollar expansion of more than 4% on a constant currency basis. This translated into adjusted OI margin of 16.7%, which is flat versus the previous year and consistent with our expectations. During the quarter, we made some additional investments in A&C, route-to-market and Innovation, in line with our plan. In addition, we also lapped a favorability in indirect taxes matter for the previous year and incurred expenses related to the resolution of some legal and indirect tax matters. On the regional basis, gross margin expansion and continued cost execution drove profit dollar improvements in three of our four regions. Europe grew adjusted OI dollars by 8% due to solid volume leverage. AMEA improved operating income dollars by nearly 17%, due to strong volume-based growth and productivity. Latin America OI dollars declined by approximately 19%, mostly due to the prior year impact of an indirect tax matter in Brazil. Finally, North America, which increased adjusted OI dollars by nearly 9% on a constant currency basis, due to pricing, net of cost and improved service levels, which more than offset logistics inflation. Let me spend a moment on category highlights. Our three snacking categories continue to demonstrate solid growth rates, growing on a year-to-date basis by almost 3%. This builds off the momentum of last year and reinforces our confidence that we are participating in an attractive space with the right geographical footprint. Now moving to shares. Overall, we had or gained shares in 60% of our business. Our biscuits business grew 3.4%, approximately 80% of our revenue grew or held share in this category, including our three most sizable businesses: U.S., China and France. In chocolate, our business grew 5.9%, approximately 35% of our revenue grew or held share including Russia and Brazil. It is important to note that we over indexed in Easter versus many competitors. So we would expect share performance to improve next quarter. Gum and Candy growth was down slightly, reflecting weaker results in the U.S., mostly due to Halls. About 30% of our revenue in this business gained or held share including strength in China gum and Mexico candy. Now turning to earnings per share. Q1 EPS grew approximately 13% on a constant currency basis. This growth primarily reflected operating gains driven by strong revenue results as well as by share repurchases and low taxes rates. I'll now move on to our free cash flow results. We delivered positive free cash flow for the quarter of $200 million, which was in line with our plans. We continue to execute well on our working capital metrics and net income conversion. In terms of capital deployment, we returned $1 billion in capital to our shareholders in the first quarter. This included approximately 650 million in share repurchases at an average cost of $44.20 per share and $380 million in dividends. Moving to the outlook. We are maintaining our organic net revenue growth target of 2% to 3%. We feel good about the quality of the topline results for Q1 and the growth across all the regions. Yet, while we are encouraged by the strong results, it is still early in the year. We are also maintaining our view of adjusted earnings per share growth of 3% to 5%, although we delivered double-digit growth in the first quarter, we did get some benefit from a few items that were below the operating line, including tax and interest that are not expected to contribute in the same way in subsequent quarters. We have also been clear that this is an important year of investments for brands, sales and innovation to drive more sustainable topline growth over the long-term. With that, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Good afternoon, everybody.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Andrew.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi. Maybe we'll just pick up on the organic growth piece. Obviously as you mentioned, it's just the first quarter, but I guess with the strong start to the year on the organic topline, maybe why is 2% to 3% still the right number for the full-year and particularly as pricing seems to be coming through nicely. And as part of that were there any things that maybe were on discrete benefits that you can help quantify to organic growth in the first quarter, whether that's  you had mentioned a bit of a benefit, I think from Easter and perhaps anything related to like a Brexit inventory build and things of that nature?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. So I'll start by saying that we are clearly very pleased with the way Q1 played out, and it builds a little bit on the momentum we saw in the second half of 2018. I think it is also important to taking a look at the results to realize that those were really good quality results. I think the teams around the world did a great job and I'll let Dirk talk maybe a little bit later, but this clearly adds to the conviction of the long-term potential of Mondelez and the merits of the strategy we put together and we presented to you. We were very clear that in 2019, we really want to solidify the progress we saw toward the end of last year. And we believe we really need to see these growth rates above guidance for at least another quarter before we revise our outlook. I want to remind you that this is an investment year and some of the investments we're making are for the benefit of the medium to long-term as well. So it will take a little bit of time for those investments to positively affect our revenue. And we clearly remain optimistic about our outlook, but as we've said many times, we want to be also thoughtful given some of the uncertainties that might post risk throughout the year, clearly Brexit is one of those. We also have some share losses and we need to address those in the remainder of the year. To your specific question, at the time of guidance last quarter, we said that there would be a 50 basis points positive impact due to Easter in the second quarter because of timing. Realities after that guidance we sat down with the trade specifically in the UK and we decided that ahead of the potential Brexit exit that line, which was March 29, it was better for either one to put the Easter stock in the trade itself which we did. So in terms of year-over-year, Easter happens to be neutral in terms of shipment on the quarter. So there is no timing effect. And so I think it is in relative terms, a clean quarter. Again, we're very pleased with the way we see the markets performing. But as I said, it is still early in the year to call up the guidance at this point.
Andrew Lazar: That's really helpful. Thank you for that color. And then just very quickly, Dirk, the better overall volume result even light of the pricing is notable. So I guess where are we in the process of the shifting mindset for more of a cost focus to a growth focus. And I guess how responsible is the new compensation scheme that rewards the volume growth component specifically? Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Thanks, Andrew. Yes, one of the key elements of our strategy was to create volume growth, which we haven't had for quite a while for a number of reasons. I think you are only growing as a company, if you're volume is going up, i.e. that you're selling more product to more consumers, but also because it gives us overheads leverage. We have installed capacity and to use that every extra ton we put through the plants comes at relatively speaking, lower cost than the previous one. So we try to help our teams to think differently about this. First of all, there was the incentive plan, which we did a number of changes and not in the least, we started to reward our teams for volume growth. There's also a better balance between topline and bottom line growth in our incentives. We also push down incentives in the sense that before most people would be rewarded our region was performing, we now have people being rewarded at the business unit level. So it is more of a direct impact. Before we used to have 60% of their results based on financial results, we've moved that up to 80%. So there is a more direct relation there and we also made sure that our long-term incentives are very performance based. So for sure that has played a role, a big role, I would say in these results. The other one that is really helping in the sense is the fact that we are focusing more and more on dollar gross profit growth, and that makes you think a little bit different on how you generate that versus a percentage of gross profit. And so that means that volume also through that sort of thinking is being stimulated. So overall, yes, we are at close to 2%, 1.7% volume growth in the quarter. That's pretty good and we want to keep it like that because we can clearly see the benefit.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks everyone.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: And your next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher Growe: Hi. Good afternoon.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi.
Luca Zaramella: Hi.
Christopher Growe: Hi. I had a question for you, if I could start on pricing that was obviously quite strong in Latin America and you discussed the benefit from Argentina in the quarter. Just curious, does that continue across the year so that the continued kind of boost to your price realization for the overall company?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Look, we are very pleased with pricing and the balance we see with volume mix. As I described pricing last year, we clearly focused on a couple of parts of the world, one was our developing markets, which Argentina is a component. I think there is a little bit higher pricing this quarter, than we saw on average last year. But the simple reality is Argentina in Q1 is lapping last year, a relatively benign inflation and ForEx. So the devaluation ramped up in the second part of the year. We moved to higher rates of inflation in the second part of the year in Q2 as well. But the second one about Argentina is we are striking a better balance between pricing and volume, so the volume component is better than we have seen last year. So all in all, I think Argentina will continue growing at the rate that is not going to be necessarily the Q1 rate. But excluding Argentina again, when I look at developing markets that grew 8.5% in the quarter, give or take, excluding Argentina, we are looking at a 6.5%, which is clearly building on the great momentum of last year, and the good news is that that growth rate is comprised both of volume for the vast majority and pricing. So we are very pleased. The other one is North America, where last year we had positive pricing. As I said last year, we used pretty much all the pricing levers promo, price pack architecture and line pricing. We announced toward the end of last year, a price increase in the U.S. We are pleased with the way it is going into the market. And again, when we look at biscuits, which is the biggest category we have in the U.S., and we look at consumption, nice numbers in terms of category growth between volume and pricing and importantly with share gains. So we will continue to see pricing for the remainder of the year. I think Argentina and the impact associated with it will come down in the quarters to come.
Christopher Growe: Okay. Thank you for that. I had just one other quick follow-up, basically as you put in place  a more of a focus on the local brands over the power brands, I just wanted to understand, and it sounds like Luca you had said maybe the level of investment this quarter was what you expected in relation to that strategy. Is that something that's taking effect right away? Is there a pipeline of new products that has to be developed? Is there a more marketing to be done there? Just wanted to understand how that manifest itself in this situation as you kind of transition your focus as well for some of the local brands?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. I'll take that one. Yes. So the first element there is that we are increasing our investments about $150 million this year that largely goes to A&C. And if I would split that between local and global brands that is more going to local brands than to global brands. We are also investing in route-to-market, India, Russia, China, South Central Europe. If we see there, there is more sales people, more trucks on the road, and we're also investing in R&D. The R&D investment is probably taking a little bit more time, but increasing our A&C investment in our brands and giving a little push on our local brands that is really having an immediate effect, and also the route-to-market of course immediate effect. But we do still believe that the big benefit of that extra investment still has to show up, so we want to see an acceleration in the return we get on it. And overall, I would also like to say that we don't see this as a one-off year where we do this. Our overall thinking is that as we invest more this year, we will get higher topline growth, which will lead to a solid gross profit growth and then we more or less flow half of that to the bottom line and reinvest half of that into our A&C and so on. So we see this continuing getting ourselves into a virtuous circle. And that would mean that every year we increase our investment.
Christopher Growe: Great. Thank you very much.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Thank you, Chris.
Operator: Your next question is from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: I had a couple of questions related to the balance sheet, I guess. The first one, Luca it looks like total debt in the quarter was up sequentially by about $1 billion, and yet even interest expense came in more favorably. So I guess one question related to that is just, is there anything timing related that drove the debt higher in the quarter and then just I guess the disconnect between interest expense coming down, but debt going up?
Luca Zaramella: Look, I'll start by talking about the interest cost. I think on the interest cost Q1 at $80 million, it came quite frankly a little bit more favorable than we thought. The reality is we are still benefiting particularly year-over-year from additional net investment hedges that had a positive impact. We are quite pleased with the rates we have in terms of all the interest costs. I would just want to remind you that we have $4.5 billion of euro denominated debt that is partly coming due in the second part of the year. That debt is at zero cost, actually negative cost for part of it, and we will renew that with a longer tenure, we will incur in additional interest cost. So yes, maybe the interest cost guidance of $450 million is a little bit on the conservative side. But I think again, we have to see how the year plays out. I think there has been a little bit of fluctuations around the interest rate. On the debt, it is true the debt went up. I don't think it went up, I'm looking at net debt, so including cash that we have some additional cash compared to the end of the year. And the reason being that there is particularly in Q1 some seasonality due to Easter falling later, receivables went up a bit. So we have a little bit more liquidity in the system. But the top of that went up pretty much because we renewed some debt. We have as you know, still relatively low cash flow compared to the yearly projection, so $200 million in Q1 versus the $2.8 billion that we are going to generate in the year. And then we took the opportunity to buyback shares as I said at $44 million. So between share and dividends, we paid a little bit north of $1 billion. So debt went up a bit. I think in terms of leverage, we are in the ballpark of the number we had at the end of last year. So I think it is pretty much timing.
Bryan Spillane: And so I guess, as we're thinking about the timing and relative as we're thinking about net debt for the full-year, absent something that we don't know about like an acquisition or someone along those lines. You're not expecting net debt to really increase for the year?
Luca Zaramella: Maybe it will increase a bit again in line with EBITDA, I would say, so but I wouldn't expect leverage to go up again. We are committed to the credit ratings we have. We just got reaffirmed as one of the agencies reiterated the rating. So we feel good where we are. I think you should project the same situation as of the end of last year.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Just one more related one. There has been some stories about the potential for Mondelez being interested in Arnott's and obviously I'm not passing a comment specifically about that, but just a deal that size seems large relative to what you described in M&A. So maybe either Dirk or Luca, if you could just remind us how you're thinking about M&A, both in terms of strategy, but more just size? How you're thinking about what types of size of deals you'd be looking at?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. As we have stated, our preference is for bolt-on acquisitions, looking at the different white spaces that we have around the world. As you go around that you look at biscuits, chocolates, or gum and candy markets, we still have areas where we are not present or not big enough and that will be our preference to sort of filling our geographical landscape. We have the same in existing markets where in certain channels or there are certain areas in our categories like health and wellness premium, digital businesses that we would be interested in. But overall, we do not expect those to be big deals. In the case of Arnott's, it's Australia, it's biscuits, it's quite sizable business. It fits in that white space thinking. It's obviously a process that's still ongoing. It's probably a little bit higher than what we would originally start when we thought about acquisitions. But at the same time, we have very clear expectations in the term of returns and in term of leverage, and we want to stay very disciplined buyers. So as long as it fits into the framework that we've set into our strategic plan, we will do so. But if it falls out of that we will not make a deal.
Bryan Spillane: All right. Thanks, everybody.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Bryan.
Operator: And your next question is from Steve Strycula with UBS.
Steven Strycula: Hi. Good afternoon.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Steve.
Steven Strycula: So two-part question. First for Luca. Just to on an apples-to-apples basis for first quarter, I know you have Argentina, Brexit, and Easter to Andew Lazar's question, would you say if we kind of take those three pieces into consideration, the underlying organic sales number was close to about a 3 percentage point number?
Luca Zaramella: Again, the way I commented on Brexit it was, we decided to put it Easter into the system ahead of a potential exit or even hard Brexit. So in terms of shipments, I wouldn't attribute to Brexit any impact year-over-year. It just happened that Easter this year fell in Q2, and we decided to put selling into the system in Q1. So, Q1 2018 versus 2019 no material changes. I think as I said, Argentina is a little bit higher. We gave you the number between developing markets with or without Argentina. The relevance of Argentina in the quarter is a little bit higher than last year. We expect that to turn down. So I would say, look in shipment terms, I think it is really a clean quarter now. I think you saw the categories, particularly around chocolate, where we have some challenges, part of it is due to timing. We need to work on the shares. And as I said, if you're trying to see if there are opportunities in terms of topline for the year, I would say, great start to the year. We are very pleased. As I said, I would like to see the second quarter above guidance for us to be able to call guidance out for the year.
Steven Strycula: Okay. And then a follow-up for Dirk. Dirk you recently did an interview with a German newspaper and admittedly my German isn't so fresh. So I was hoping you might help bridge a few comments or add some transparency as to what you meant when you were describing some of the opportunity set for a big global brands relative to home-grown brand, and then to wrap up, your comment on the monetization potential for the coffee assets in that paper. Thank you so much.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, the two comments were not that new. I think the first one as it related to brands was that I have  and I think the rest of the management team in the company's shares that believes that the days of the big global brands that cover all areas and under which you can do everything and that will lead to significant growth, that's not necessarily what the future looks like. We can see the phenomenon very clearly with the insurgent brands in the U.S., which is translating in sales a little bit around the world. So the comment was related to my opinion that we need to keep on growing our global brands. And as we explained, we are very happy to have our two biggest brands growing almost both of them double-digit is quite good. But at the same time, we believe local brands more and more will have a significant role to play. They are closer to the local consumers. They feel more connected to it and so the comment was meant to say, we believe our strategy is the right one. On the coffee assets, the comment there was that they asked me, what was the future of our coffee assets in the business? I said that for the time being, were very happy. We've got different investments. We're seeing good growth. We are happy what the management teams are doing there and they still have some good potential. On the longer-term, the comment was that obviously we divested or partially divested our coffee business. We are not running it anymore. And over time, we will exit those assets. We don't know when, but clearly it's something that is in the plan. Those were the two comments.
Steven Strycula: Okay, thanks. I'll pass the line.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay.
Operator: And your next question is from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi. Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi.
Luca Zaramella: Hi Ken.
Kenneth Goldman: In North America, there was a fairly significant gap between your takeaway as reported by Nielsen in the quarter and your actual North American sales. I know you addressed this a little bit, but I'm just hoping for a little bit more color in your view what the biggest reasons were for maybe the reported numbers coming in a little bit more below takeaway then what some of us expected?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, yes. And I don't know, which takeaway numbers that you are looking at, but you probably are comparing our biscuit takeaway numbers to our overall net revenue numbers...
Kenneth Goldman: No, I mean including everything. It's still a little bit lower.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. It's still a bit lower. I would say our takeaway overall would be around 2% and then the net revenue is 0.5%. Clearly biscuits are doing very well for us. We have a good category growth. We're increasing our market share, and we clearly see that in the consumption. We do have as much smaller part of our business is related to gum and candy, and in the first quarter we saw a slowdown in those two categories, particularly in candy, we think that's only driven by Easter falling later into the year this year. We think that's going to come back in gum as been always a little bit under performing. So that's clearly a challenge as I bridge. They are not growing at the level that the rest of the consumption is growing. Particularly hard hit was halls in the quarter, because of the cold-season not being very good and also that we have some more pressure from vicks competitive activity. The other factor that you need to take into account is that the retailers still are lowering their stock levels and that shows up in our net revenue, but doesn't show up in the consumption numbers. So that's clearly something that plays a role for us. So those are largely the biggest factors, there is potentially also a little bit of non-measured channels that don't show up in the consumption numbers that you see, which we're not growing through the same rate. So that also causes that difference between the two. Those would be the big reasons, but we were able to perfectly make that bridge between our net revenue that we're seeing in consumption.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. Thank you very much for that. That's helpful. My follow-up will be quick. In terms of the destocking you've seen which certainly isn't limited to Mondelez. Any idea when we can expect a little bit of a slowdown there? I mean, there can't be destocking forever, and yet it seems to be happening for longer than what maybe some companies were anticipating?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So first of all, some of the rollouts were not the whole country at the same time. So that certainly plays a role. Then also the systems are now  so the rollouts were spread over more than one year. The second effect that you have there is, it's an automatic system, and as that automatic system sees for instance our gum sales go down that will lead to lower stock levels de-referencing some of our SKUs, and so that sort of has an extra effect in the year, as our sales will start to go up. That will probably lead to a slight increase of our stock levels in the trade over time. So we do believe that this difference between our net revenue and the consumption we see will disappear in the coming months or quarters. And that it will be more reasoned out.
Kenneth Goldman: So, just to follow-up and make sure and I apologize for having the call little bit. But just to make sure I understand, if your takeaway numbers in Nielsen are disappointing in a certain category, the customers will automatically order less, I didn't  I knew that was something in there, but just want to make sure that that's what you're sort of suggesting?
Dirk Van de Put: They don't order unless they will  yes, in a way they do, but they will lower their stock level, because if the sales go down, they need to have less stock. So you see an effect from that to...
Luca Zaramella: What Dirk was saying, yes, is that in gums specifically, we see a little bit of trade reassessing their stock position and as consumption goes down in our SKUs. They adjust stock down. So it was just refining to gum for that comment, I assume.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes.
Kenneth Goldman: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question is from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey, good evening, folks. Thank you for the question.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi.
Luca Zaramella: Hi Jason.
Jason English: I've got two questions. First a quick one, is your business going to be affected by the price controls implemented in Argentina? And if so what are the implications there?
Luca Zaramella: I think you know the answer to that question is, at this point, no. I think as the new relatively new President came into play, actually all price controls were removed. I think the exchange rate environment is in terms of ability to move money out of the country and to remit money at growth, as being better than in the past. So the simple answer is, no. We don't have price controlled categories at this point in time, but we don't know clearly what lies ahead.
Jason English: Got it. Thank you. And then my second question. I totally appreciate and respect your focus on gross profit dollar growth. But I'm still trying to make sure that I understand my margin bridges. And I was a bit surprised that we didn't see a bit more margin strength this quarter, given the sequential acceleration of pricing, given there is still pretty easy comp that you're cycling against here in the first quarter. Can you walk us through some of the puts and takes that you're seeing there, whether in terms of inflation and productivity and maybe some mixed drags between gum weak or you pushing into local brands or investing et cetera?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Look, I think it is clear that we are trying to move the mindset from gross margin percentages to gross profit dollars or from that matter from high percentages to high dollars. I think the gross profit line was in line with expectations and grew 4.5%, which is ahead of revenue we added 30 basis points of gross margin. As I dissect the business on the gross margin line, quite frankly, we are very pleased with what we're seeing in three regions out of four. There is Latin America that is facing some pressure and last year we did over strategies for ForEx that were absolutely exceptional, and we are lapping quite positive ForEx rates in Latin America in Q1. But with the exclusion of Latin America quite frankly, I see strength across all the other three regions and volume leverage is coming into play. Pricing, net of cost is positive and clearly we deliver productivity. Below the line or below gross profit we invested in A&C, route-to-market in R&D as we've said. But and we also deliver cost savings in the operator line, so underlying savings both in gross profit and overheads is quite good in line with expectations. We happened to lap a little bit of one-time as last year for some VAT related benefits that we got into the P&L. And as I said in my remarks, we are also  we have made accruals in Q1, in relation to some legal matters and again indirect taxes. So the year-over-year impact is round about $40 million. So when I exclude these items, I think the P&L that we deliver in Q1 was great. On Latin America, I wouldn't be at this point overly concerned. We achieved what we have in plan and as Brazil specifically speaks out for the remainder of the year, we should be benefiting from better leverage as well there. So you might be a little bit below what you had in mind, but it is in line with what we had internally and importantly I see three regions on solid ground.
Jason English: Very good. Thank you. And congrats on the strong start.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Jason. Operator Your next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, guys.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi.
Dara Mohsenian: I wanted to get a bit more detail on the pricing environment in Latin America, and in some of the key markets ex-Argentina, because it was a big sequential improvement in trend. So did Brazil and Mexico see some sequential improvement in Q1 versus Q4, and maybe just detail the competitive environment you're seeing there particularly in Brazil. And then from a volume standpoint, we're still seeing declines in Latin America versus very healthy growth you're seeing in other emerging markets around the world and a lot of progress we've see in some of the other regions. So just curious on if we should get more of a balance between volume and pricing going forward in Latin America, and your ability to accelerate volume growth there like we've seen in some of the other regions? Thanks.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Maybe I'll start with the volume part of the question and Dirk can give you a little bit of flavor around both Brazil and Mexico and what we're seeing. Yes, look, Latin America as historically shown negative volume. I think if you look at the volume mix this quarter it happens to be a little bit better than what you have seen in the last few years. Remember that we used the full array of pricing tools to pricing the marketplace. So one component of volume is downsizing and there is an impact, specifically in Brazil around that. But all-in-all, I think you should expect also for the remainder of the year a little bit of volume pressure. Having said that, I think there should be sequential improvement. In Argentina, as I said in one of the previous questions, volume came in better than last year. We are striking a much better balance between volume and pricing. And I think this move to gross profit dollars and the opportunity we have to optimize reliable consistent and repeatable volume growth. I think it is quintessential to them all. So I think all-in-all, we are also pleased with the volume dynamics we are seeing overall in Latin America and hopefully we see an improvement in the remainder of the year. On the Brazil, Mexico, Dirk if you want to...?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So, one observation on Latin America was that all our business units grew at the same time. In fact, all our business units around the world had growth. So that made the quarter quite appealing to it. To talk a little bit more about Brazil. We feel that Brazil is on an uptick. It's improving. It's not totally stable yet. There's certainly a number of macro uncertainties that are still there. But overall, we saw the business return back to growth, which we felt good about. As we look at categories, the chocolate category was in slight decline, but that of course includes the impact of the late Easter. And in terms of our Q1 revenue, our chocolate grew high single-digits. One of the successes there was the launch of a product called Bis Xtra, under our Bis brand and there was a new type of wafers, covers with chocolate that's doing very well there. As it relates to the gum category, we saw high single-digit revenue growth. This was driven also, sorry, the category was growing and our revenue was growing, largely driven by Trident and Trident launched a new campaign called Chew2Relax and that had a significant impact. And then also powdered beverages is very important for us, and where we also see the category getting back to growth, which was not the case last year. There we lost a little bit of share. In the past year and we are starting to recover, but we still have some recovery to do. So overall in Brazil, I would say surprising situation because that was the origin of your question is relatively healthy. It's not as big as it is in Argentina and largely in line with our expectations. By the way, the overall effect look of Argentina on our result, I think compared to last year's growth was 0.2. So there is an effect, but it's not that dramatic I would say, as you might expect. And then maybe to talk about Mexico, a little bit. Mexico, we see a very good situation. We are growing mid single-digits and pricing is relatively mitigated there. Also so, I would say if you look at Latin America where the pricing is higher than it has been in the past years is largely in Argentina, the rest looks largely in line with expectations.
Dara Mohsenian: Great, thanks. It's very helpful.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Good evening, everyone.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Alexia.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi there. So two quick ones. First of all, on the A&C spend. How much was it up this quarter and how much are you expecting it to be up to the full-year either in percentage terms or dollar terms? Is it going to accelerate from here or was there a big burst this quarter, and then it slows down? And then my second question, just coming back to the beginning of the Q&A, you mentioned that one of the reasons that you didn't want to raise guidance for the full-year. It's early and there are clearly some risks on the horizon and Brexit is one of them. Is that the main one or there are other uncertainties out there that you're keeping an eye on? Thank you and I'll pass it on.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Thank you for the question, Alexia. So on A&C, it was up in Q1. We're not going to start giving you details by A&C spending, but as particularly we look at working you can see which is dollars we spend behind initiatives online or Television, etc. That was up quite a bit year-over-year. I expect that increase to continue for the remainder of the year. And actually the overall A&C spending is going to sequentially increase in the quarters to come. Nothing that wasn't expected, it is baked into the guidance. To your second question, yes, Brexit is clearly unknown at this point in time and it is the biggest risk that that we know of. But as I learned many times in my life, I mean sometimes the unexpected comes as well. And so there are a few elections around the world. I don't know the outcomes of those yet, but there might be some uncertainties. Again, as I look at the categories, they are displaying solid growth in many places. We are fairly pleased with developing market. Having said that, given it is just one quarter. We decided to keep guidance the same.
Alexia Howard: Perfect. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Alexia.
Operator: And your last question is from the line of David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good evening.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, David.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, David.
David Driscoll: I've got a couple of questions here that I wanted to ask. Just going back on Bryan's question about the debt, can you just go over how much of that euro debt has a negative interest rate? What is that negative interest rate? And when do you actually refi it? I'm still struggling with the $80 million interest expense in the quarter and how we get to this $450 million? And then you made the comment, well maybe that's a little bit conservative? Can you help me figure out how conservative?
Luca Zaramella: Look, just let's get the number straight on the debt. The net debt that we had at the end of last year was round about $17.3 billion. Okay. And it was the total leverage of 3.3x on EBITDA. At the end of Q1, net debt inclusive of cash, which I said increased around the world because of seasonality, specifically around Easter. It was $17.8 billion with the leverage round about 3.4x. So those are the numbers. On the interest rate and the cost $80 million is clearly a number that if you multiply by four doesn't get you the guidance we gave on interest rate. Having said that, there is an impact on net investments hedges, and particularly year-over-year that impact is going to subside. And then it was not uncommon particularly on short tenure debt to be able to borrow money in Europe at the negative interest cost. I'm not going to give you the details of what that these, but it is negative, so we are getting paid for that. And as we renew that debt at current rates, we are going to incur a cost and not last, we are going to increase tenure of the debt we are going issue for  in the second part of the year. So that is causing a little bit of  I mean such cost headwind that we have projected this year. As I said, I believe we are going to be a little bit better than the $450 million, but I think again, it is still early in the year given some uncertainties. Remember we have multiple interest cost components in the year. We have short-term borrowings that we do around the world. There is the net investment hedges. There is CP, commercial paper. The free cash flow came in better in Q1 than last year. So there is upside most likely. I think it is early for me to quantify it. I wouldn't expect to  a massive number here though in terms of upside.
David Driscoll: That's very helpful. On the phasing of the investments this year and I think it's around $150 million. Did the first quarter, more or less get its proportional share, did 25% of that $150 million go into Q1, then I'm really just trying to get a sense here for the pacing of these investments. Previously, I think you guys had said that you did expect it would be rather even throughout the year, but now that we've got one quarter in the book, so then you could update us on that one. And then Dirk, I had one final one. You were about to bite on this one earlier in the questions. But I'd like you just to talk about that for key growth in the United States, the 6.5 points of volume growth that we're seeing in the Nielsen data and just the sustainability of that kind of take away and what's driving in. It's pretty special obviously it's in cookies and not in the other portions of the U.S. business. But I'm still just curious as to what's driving it in the sustainability of that cookie growth? Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Well, as it relates to the investments, it is evenly spread if anything, the first quarter was probably a bit lower than its fair share. So, it is not that we have an extraordinary spending in this quarter and now with tempers down, I would say we are expecting as Luca said the sequential increase of the spending as we go through the quarters. As it relates to what we are seeing, yes, obviously that's not captured in our consumption numbers that you see. But you're referring to a report that I think came out recently. We do see quite some substantial increase of consumption. I would say there in biscuits in North America, that I think that's sort of a particular situation, we have Easter was in  is in those numbers. So that's going to have an effect. We also just ran a very successful promotion on Oreo, The Games of Thrones edition, which is a one-off. So I'm expecting as those big effects sort of passes that consumption will go back to the normal 3%-ish that we're seeing. But yes, we clearly have seen in April, a big boost in consumption and we are quite happy about that.
David Driscoll: Congratulations and thank you, guys.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Operator: And I'll now turn the call back over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Thank you. So as I said at the outset, I feel good about our performance in this first quarter and the progress we are making as the strategic plan. We are encouraged by this strong start, and we believe we are well positioned to deliver on our financial commitments and keep on funding our future growth. We want to continue to invest for the long-term to support our brands, our sales, on innovation and our quality. And we think we are entering into that virtuous circle that we're talking about to build this sustainable momentum and keep on creating value for our shareholders for many years to come. So thank you for the time. Thank you for your interest in the Company. And talk to you in about a quarter.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Mondelez International Fourth Quarter 2018 Year End Earnings Conference Call. Todays call is scheduled to last about 1 hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations from Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website mondelezinternational.com/investors. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements about the companys performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of todays prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise noted. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. In todays call, Dirk will give you an overview of our results as well as progress against our strategic priorities then Luca will take you through the financials and our 2019 outlook. We will close with Q&A. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Shep and good afternoon. Last September at our Investor Day, I shared with you our long-term strategy to refocus the company on sustainable top line growth, which we saw as a natural evolution from our more cost and margin-oriented strategy over the last 5 years. This new strategy leverages our unique difference from other food companies, which is our strong global presence, our iconic brands and our leaner supply model. But above all, what really sets us apart in todays difficult food environment is our unique position as a global snacking leader. Because we are in snacking, we are not in general food, we are also all over the world, not just in North America and we have global and local brands that have unique place in consumers mind. As such, we are a truly global company, operating in attractive, large and growing markets. And in those markets we have a strong manufacturing distribution and marketing network. This means, for instance, that our scale and strong presence in emerging markets is an asset and a competitive advantage. As an example, in the fourth quarter, our emerging markets grew at 6.5% and around 6% for the full year. More than 40% of this was volume mix driven indicating that consumers around the world consume more on-the-go snacks and treats. We connect with consumers in those markets through a portfolio of powerful global brands as well as local items. And in each market we also strive to be the industry leader in understanding consumers to advance insights and analytical capabilities. During the last 5 years, we have gone through a significant restructuring and a cost focused approach, which has created a solid foundation for investment. These strengths of our company are amplified through our unique group of people who have an incredible capability to really make a difference when they put their minds to it. Witness to that has been our margin improvement over the last 5 years. 2018 was my first full year as CEO. I joined in November 2017 and today, I feel good about what we have achieved in that short-term. In the first half of 2018, we developed a new strategy that we think will make a difference. In the second half, we started to execute against that strategy and that has translated into good results and momentum going into 2019. So, we are pretty excited about our future. This new strategy creates more growth by focusing on three pillars. First, is a new more consumer-centric marketing and sales; second, an obsession with operational excellence to optimize our demand fulfillment, but also to drive efficiency and lower our costs; and third, there is a step change in our corporate culture from short-term cost focus to a purpose-driven long-term growth focus. The combination of these three levels of growth creation will lead to what is an attractive long-term financial algorithm, 3% plus organic net revenue growth, high single-digit adjusted EPS growth, dividend growth that exceeds adjusted EPS growth and over $3 billion of yearly free cash flow. Now, in switching to the highlights of the year, I would characterize 2018 as a strong year for Mondelez. We met or exceeded our financial and strategic commitments. We accelerated our top line growth with a good balance between volume mix and price. Our execution in emerging markets drove 6% growth. Our local brands are showing improvements as we balance investment with our global brands. We expanded adjusted gross profit dollars in Q4 by approximately 5% on a constant currency basis. This was due to solid productivity, volume leverage and a good balance of pricing net of costs. We also delivered another year of double-digit adjusted EPS growth, which brings our 5-year average to 18% per year. Our focus on turning profit into cash flow and returning capital to shareholders also paid off. 2018 was a year of strong free cash flow, generating $2.9 billion of cash and returning more than $3 billion to investors. We continued our commitment to our impact strategy and announced all our packaging will be recyclable by 2025. I believe this strong 2018 financial performance is just a first indication of what is the potential of this company. Now, maybe a few words on our progress against that new strategy I was talking about before. As 2018 came to a strong close, I am pleased to see that many of the elements of our new approach are being put in place. So, let me take you may be through a few highlights. 2019 will be the first full year of increased investment in our growth agenda. But as we saw good momentum as Q4 progressed, we made additional investments in A&C and go-to-market. To give you a few examples, we put incremental A&C behind areas like chocolate in India, which grew double-digits, biscuits in China, where we saw mid single-digit growth, chocolate and biscuits in Russia, which increased double-digit for the year, biscuits and chocolates in Germany with low single-digit overall country growth for the year, or chocolates in the UK, which posted low single-digit growth. Oreo in the U.S. which posted high single-digit increase for the year or we invested in our recent Mexico Oreo chocolate launch which has received very positive feedback from our customers. We have also further invested in our research, development and quality capabilities. In Q4, we opened a new R&D technical center in India to drive innovation in chocolate and beverages. And we also expanded our state-of-the-art facility in Wroclaw, Poland with further investment in gum and candy research capabilities. The creation of the SnackFutures innovation hub will help us explore future trends and opportunities. We are also pleased with our recent acquisition of the Tates Premium Cookies business, which delivered another quarter of strong double-digit growth. As a second big step in accelerating our consumer-centric growth, we launched our new marketing playbook, which drives shifts in several areas of our commercial approach. While in the past we focused mostly on our global brands in our new strategy we are achieving a better balance between investment in global brands like Oreo, Milka and belVita and local jewels like Fontaneda in Spain or LU in France; Freia, Marabou in the Nordics; Kinh Do in Vietnam. The combination of those two is generating stronger growth than focus on global brands alone. All combined, our brands drove overall organic net revenue growth of 2.5% for the quarter. In our second strategic pillar, which is all about driving operational excellence, we also started to show good progress, particularly as it relates to excellence in our sales channels. To give you some recent examples, we have launched initiatives to drive e-commerce excellence with key partners in China, where online sales were up strong double-digits and overall growth in China was mid single-digits. In India, we are making significant enhancements to our sales and route to market excellence, where we also grew double-digits. We are making similar shifts to tap into the significant opportunities in other emerging markets such as Africa, Southeast Asia, Russia and Mexico where our investments are accelerating growth. As you know, in recent quarters we have put particular focus on our North American supply chain performance, where we are aiming to significantly improve its operational excellence. Q4 was a good quarter where our gradual improvement continued in the right direction. An important enabler of our future growth is our third pillar of building a winning growth culture. At the start of 2019, we implemented a new more locally oriented commercial structure with 13 business units within our existing regional framework. This shift reduces our complexity, improves our speed and encourages more entrepreneurial approaches to marketing, sales and product development. We are encouraging our colleagues to test, learn and scale, which means we are implementing a faster, more cost effective and locally driven approach to innovation. We are also changing our incentive structure to drive better overall alignment with our key financial metrics of volume and revenue growth, gross profit progression and solid translation into earnings and cash flow. There is also a stronger direct link to local performance versus overall global performance. And another important change here is that we are refocusing the organization on volume and absolute profit dollar growth. We are also making sure that the quality of the financial results is taken into account into our incentives. To further enhance this new consumer-oriented but also performance-based culture, we launched the new purpose of the company, empower people to snack right. We believe this will lead to higher engagement as well as new ideas on how we will fulfill our vision of being the best and biggest snacking company. One of the expressions of our new purpose is to make sure we offer the consumer the right snack made the right way. For example, in this quarter, we added Brazil to the Cocoa Life program, which is our signature sustainability approach in chocolates. And we also announced the commitment to make all our packaging around the world recyclable by 2025. So in summary, I find that 2018 was the strong year for us, which has created good momentum in the business as we head into 2019. We are building on this momentum by increasing our investment behind key initiatives. This includes continuing to invest in our brands and portfolio to capture opportunities in broader snacking as well as driving further growth through innovation. We are also focusing our investment in higher growth geographies and under-indexed channels. We will amplify this growth by continuing to work on improving execution across our business. And I am also very excited by the energy that our new growth-focused culture is creating across the organization. Our tangible progress and the proof points I see around the world of how we are accelerating sustainable growth, underscore my belief and confidence that we are in the right segment with the right footprint and the right portfolio. Snacking is an attractive and growing global trend and we are well-positioned to continue to lead the industry. Let me now turn to Luca for more detail on our Q4 and full year performance.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk and good afternoon. It was a good quarter and a good year as we delivered on all our key financial metrics for both periods, especially as it relates to organic top line growth, earnings growth and free cash flow generation. We are also pleased with the quality of the delivery throughout the year. We had generated broad-based growth with a good balance of volume and pricing. Gross profit on a constant currency basis grew more than revenue in both Q4 and the full year. In Q4, we also started accelerating some investments to further support our brands. So, we feel good about the momentum we had coming into 2019 as our teams executed well and made progress towards our strategic roadmap. Net revenue increased 2.4% for the full year and 2.5% for the fourth quarter. Our strong emerging market footprint propelled our growth for the year delivering an increase of nearly 6% with clear trends in Russia, India, China, Southeast Asia, Mexico and Africa. In fact, Brazil was the only notable emerging market where results were soft. Excluding Argentina, emerging markets grew 4.5%. On a regional basis and for the full year, Europe continues to execute well as it delivered net revenue growth of 2.5%. Consistent with recent years, this growth was volume-driven and broad-based with solid increases across biscuits, chocolate and candy. Russia posted double-digit revenue growth behind share gains in both biscuits and chocolates, while Germany delivered another solid year of growth. Our chocobakery business continues to demonstrate the power of test and learn innovation and excellent execution turning in high single-digit growth for the year and approaching $600 million in annual sales. We are pleased with our capabilities in this region and encouraged regarding the opportunity that remain in front of us. AMEA grew 3.5% and is accelerating with strength coming from several key markets. India delivered double-digit growth powered by great execution, robust market dynamics, share gains and innovation in chocolate and biscuit. China posted its sixth consecutive quarter of growth, increasing mid single-digits behind continued momentum and share gains in biscuits and gum. Southeast Asia also turned in robust growth propelled by demand for biscuit and chocolate, including a strong mooncake season in Q4. We are also pleased with the progress we are making in Africa. Latin America grew 3.6%, impacted by inflation-driven growth in Argentina. However, we delivered another good year in Mexico, posting mid single-digit growth as our gum and candy business executed well. We also delivered growth in the Western Andean cluster. Brazil declined low single-digits primarily due to competitive dynamics in our powdered beverage business. Earlier in the year, the business was also impacted by a national strike. However, we delivered positive results in our Brazilian biscuits business, which grew mid single-digits behind strengths in Club Social and Oreo and although down for the year the chocolate business finished on a positive note, with low-single digit growth in Q4 and share gains. North America grew approximately 0.5% for the year. U.S. biscuits continued to see good momentum with low single-digit growth and share gains driven by brands like Oreo. We are proud that the team delivered material progress for the quarter. That said there is still work to be done to drive improved levels of consistency and we continue to expect progress in 2019 albeit not linear. Now, lets review our profit performance. In 2018, gross profit dollars grew by approximately 4% on a constant currency basis and ahead of revenue. Gains were driven by continued productivity, volume leverage and pricing. We look to build on this progress over the long-term. Gross profit growth partially offset by additional investment drove adjusted operating income dollar expansion of more than 6% on a constant currency basis. This translated into operating income margin of 16.7%, up 60 basis points. In Q4, consistent with our long-term strategy, we invested additional dollars in growth initiatives, including point of sales and holiday season activations in Europe and Asia, A&C investments in Europe and Mexico chocolate and investments in China and Russia biscuit to sustain and accelerate momentum. Additionally, we spent in some R&D and marketing areas. On a regional basis, gross margin expansion and cost execution drove margin improvement. Europe grew 60 basis points to 19.6%. North America was flat at 20.3% as higher conversion costs in U.S. factories and customer service and logistics cost limited expansion. Latin America increased by 90 basis points to 16.4% and AMEA improved by 140 basis points to 14.4%. I will now briefly cover category highlights. Our three snacking categories continue to demonstrate solid growth as they have all year growing at 2.7%. This is the strongest they have been in 3 years and we remain encouraged by the underlying trends and untapped opportunities. Overall, we held or gained share in 60% of our business. Year-to-date, biscuits grew 2.8%. Approximately, 80% of our revenue grew or held share in this category, including our U.S., France, China, Germany and Russia businesses. In chocolate, our business grew 3.5%. Approximately, 40% of our revenue grew or held share, including Germany, Russia, China and India. The percent of businesses growing or holding shares was 50% in Q4 and it is further improving in the latest period. Gum and candy growth was slightly positive, reflecting modestly improved results in developed markets. About 40% of our revenue in this business gained or held share, including strength in China gum and solid U.S. candy performance. Now, turning to earnings per share, as is mentioned, 2018 was another year of strong adjusted EPS growth, increasing 15% on a constant currency basis. These results were driven primarily by strong operating gains, share repurchases, taxes, with our JV investments also performing well. I will now move on to our free cash flow results. For the year, we executed with excellence and delivered $2.9 billion of free cash flow, which was consistent with our outlook and a great outcome despite currency headwinds. This performance was driven by better net income conversion due to strong working capital management. As I mentioned at our Investor Day, this is a critical focus area for me, my team and the entire company. Turning to capital return, 2018 also marked another year of significant return of capital to our shareholders. We returned $3.4 billion in total as we repurchased $2 billion in stock and paid $1.4 billion in dividends. This includes an 18% increase to our cash dividends in Q3 as we continue to target dividend growth in excess of earnings. Now, let me provide some details around our outlook for 2019, which remains consistent with what we provided at our Investor Day last fall. I would like to remind you that this is an important year of investment as we continue to focus on accelerating volume-driven revenue growth for the long-term. For the top line, we expect organic net revenue growth of 2% to 3%. With respect to earnings, we expect adjusted earnings per share growth of 3% to 5%, which reflects a step up in investment levels in A&C, sales, R&D and quality. These investments will reinforce a growth cycle, which we expect to lead to a high single-digit earnings growth over the long-term. Our outlook for the free cash flow is approximately $2.8 billion consistent with our results in 2018. Recall, this outlook includes additional cash tax impact resulting from U.S. tax reform. In this outlook, we also expect our 2019 adjusted effective tax rate to be in the low 20s and expect interest expense to be approximately $450 million, reflecting the increasing rate environment. 2019 is an important year for Mondelez International. It will mark the first full year of our new approach to investing behind our strategic growth initiatives. Our new approach will set the stage for our long-term growth algorithm of 3% plus organic net revenue growth with a ramp up in the outer years. High single-digit adjusted EPS, dividends greater than adjusted earnings and free cash flow of more than $3 billion. With that, lets open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Good afternoon, everybody.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Andrew.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi, two questions from me if I could. I will start with, Dirk, you have been in the CEO seat for just over a year now and recently detailed the companys strategy and growth algorithm along with a new organizational structure to support it. I am trying to get a sense of how you are feeling about the companys momentum heading into this year? And I ask with particular interest in terms of organic sales trends because you have got incremental pricing that you have announced, incremental investments that we saw in both 4Q and then expect it again throughout this year. I guess if anything it would seem like the organic sales growth target for this year perhaps could end up as a bit conservative. And I wanted to get your perspective on that? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay, okay. So well, I would say a few reflections on how I feel after about a year and 3 months in the job. Probably the most important for me was to deliver 2018 and I think we over delivered on what we said we would do. And the quality I think was good. If I think about it, we accelerated our net revenue growth, which was volume-driven and you said that, we also had some good price discipline. We continued to focus on our cost and so we had good gross profit growth and ROI and EPS growth was solid as well as the free cash flow generation. And on top, we were able to start reinvesting in Q4 to sustain the accelerated growth. So I feel good about all that. Second, as you pointed out, we developed our new strategy and financial algorithm for the company, which creates growth on the three levels where more demand creation to a new approach to sales and marketing, more demand fulfillment through better execution and then new ideas and innovation through a different mindset or a different culture in the company. There is a number of big shifts in the company. One is about the balance between top and bottom line, not just focused on the bottom line. Dollars over percentage focus, speed over perfection and a stronger focus on volume and market share and its giving us momentum as you said. And so that confirms my observation that we have good potential, because snacking categories are doing well, they have been probably the best in the last 3 years in 18. We have got good margin expansion and we have good competitive levels that allow us to unlock investment and shift our focus to volume growth and we can generate substantial free cash flow. So yes, of course, that makes you think you are stronger than you were a few years back. Why are you guiding towards the 2%, 3% top line growth? And yes, we have momentum in emerging markets and if I think about 2018 and the mix of the pluses and the minuses that we had, overall, we probably had a few more pluses, as you remember, the main driver of it was that we are lapping the malware year of 2017 so 2019 is a year that we need to even if we guide toward that 2%, 3%, we need to step up our growth and we need to solidify our progress if I would look at today and reflect about 2019, probably the mix of risks and opportunities raise it a little bit more toward risk Im talking largely the macroeconomics, Brexit, some of the commodity things we are seeing and so, we also are stepping up and we are probably will point that out our investments we are doing it largely so that 2020 will be the year that we are starting to see some good growth so, we feel that 2019 outlook is appropriate but we are clearly entering the year with a bit of good momentum.
Andrew Lazar: Great Ill leave it there. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: Hi, good evening.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi I had a question for you have had a pretty strong sustainable growth in your categories over the past few years and including in 2018 it seems like that category growth rates continue and I think it was up 2.7% for your snacking categories. Is that what you would expect for 2019 as well?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, yes, thats in our long-term strategic plan we estimated that we will be circling around the 3% growth, and we are at this stage, we will not see that 2.7% has been sort of consistent throughout 2018, what we were saying, and we are not seeing an immediate change for that and going into 2019 so yes, we reconfirm that.
Chris Growe: Okay. And then as you look at your margin performance in 2019, I know there is a much more-heavier focus on reinvestment and accelerating revenue growth so you have cost savings coming through from simplified to grow and then I suspect youre going to have some more, is it mostly SG&A investments so could we see a stronger gross margin performance? And then maybe some of that given back, if you will, in the form of SG&A investments when it comes to A&C and route-to-market that kind of thing is that the way to think about the investment levels in 2019?
Luca Zaramella: So, Chris, I think, look, as we said many times, we are trying to create a little bit of a cultural shift in the company and moving away from simple percentages the clear commitment we have is to drive gross profit growth and OI growth and EPS growth and as you think about that in the past by guiding to gross margin percentages and OI percentages, we left on the table we believe some opportunities we gave you in the past a couple of examples namely around channels and incrementality we see there, or for that matter, also local brands I think we have what it takes to generate incrementality there and to deliver good return on investment make no mistake when we say that we are focusing on dollar growth it doesnt mean that we will live outside productivity or the restructuring program that we announced in at the Investor Day the continuation of the current program, or for that matter, things that we have done quite well like ZBB and MBS over the last few years so, I think, as you think about the quality of the P&L in 2019, if you take out the additional investments we have, that are, as we said, in A&C but also in route-to-market or in quality or in R&D and marketing I think if you take those out, the shape and the quality of the P&L is very consistent with what we did in 2018.
Chris Growe: Okay thats very helpful. Thanks for that color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hi, good afternoon, everyone.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Bryan.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Just I guess, just two questions for me one, just in the fourth quarter the margins in North America were pretty good and, I guess, I just wanted to understand, since there it sounds like there were some reinvestment there was there anything else there that was sort of unusual or flowed through in North America, I guess, or was it just the pricing, the PNOC that helped? Im just trying to understand the margin performance in North America in the fourth quarter.
Luca Zaramella: The margin was good as you say in North America I think as you think about it, we did make improvements in reliability of the supply chain and the logistics network and I think as we stabilize the situation a bit in terms of service levels, we were able to deliver efficiencies that in the other part of the year we were not I think you also saw that there was a little bit of a pricing favorability above and beyond the average of the year there were some phasing, quite frankly in there so I think as you think about pricing it was roundabout the number you have to keep in mind is the number that you see for the year, which was roundabout 1% but I think in stepping back and looking into it, quite pleased in North America with the continued momentum weve seen in biscuit, still some challenges in categories like gum but in general, the margin that came through in Q4 was a good news for us and thats something to the team that did a nice job by stabilizing the situation in supply chain.
Bryan Spillane: And then, I guess, as a follow-up to that as were thinking about if service levels are improving in North America and hopefully continue to improve some in 2019 are you going to be able to how are you thinking about the balance between investing and spending in North America and then actually being able to service the programs? Do you feel like youve youre maybe not spending as much or doing as much as you might ordinarily want to if you had full confidence in the ability to service it?
Luca Zaramella: The outlook we have in place at the moment, it clearly has investments in North America now, having said that, there are still things that we need to look into, as we said in the last call, we implemented pricing and we are about see the effect in the marketplace so we need to stay flexible there and see how to best balance investments with pricing we also want to be clear that while we believe we are making good progress and weve seen growth coming through, there is still work to be done in North America so in general terms I would say, we will invest more behind categories like biscuits or categories like candy, even in gum but the reality is we need to take an inventory of where we stand at the end of Q1 in terms of pricing and supply chain and then I think we need to adjust is the case.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, great. I will leave it there. Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Hi thank you very much.
Dirk Van de Put: Good morning, Ken.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Ken.
Ken Goldman: Hi, guys. The primary pushback again on your stock is valuation and specifically on EBITDA and I think I talked to investors, many of them understand that the value of your joint ventures needs to be added back but plenty at least not at first glance seem to get that so, to me this issue is increasing, right? Investors are weighing EBITDA more heavily because debt levels have risen higher so, I guess, my question is this, if your thesis is correct that investors are sort of, I guess, punishing companies like Mondelez for relying on unconsolidated operations, does that you does that make you, I guess, internally rethink the value of your joint ventures to your stock price, or is that not really a way for you to factor that?
Luca Zaramella: Look, I think we can clearly debate if we are overvalued or undervalued, I believe when I step back and I look at the opportunities we have as a company and the quality of the results that we delivered in 2018, I feel quite good about the long-term guidance that we gave and as a leading snacking company, ability to generate sustainably volume-driven growth of and resulting in revenue of 3%, high-single digit EPS and cash flow of $3 billion plus, I think it is something that is quite compelling my reply to your specific question is, look, the JVs clearly dont roll-up into our EBITDA they are around about 10% of our EPS I believe that clearly it was a great investment I believe there is still upside potential so I think they are still undervalued but the premise of Mondelez I think tangibly looking back at 2018 and handing us delivering in face of all the ForEx [indiscernible] that we had, a cash flow that was $2.9 billion with a conversion of net income that was excluding the JVs for which we dont get much dividend, 130%, I think that should reassure investors that we have what it takes to win and again, the premise of us being in emerging markets, seeing emerging markets growing 6% for the year, more than 6% for Q4, 40% of that growth being volume-driven. I mean, I can tell you we are quite pleased. And I think as you think about the valuation, think about what our potential is as a leading snacking company in emerging markets or for that matter, globally so that will be my reply.
Ken Goldman: Okay thank you for that. And then a quick follow-up, at the end of your prepared remarks you reiterated your desire to grow dividends ahead of EPS growth can you elaborate on why this is the right decision? It feels to me, we just talked about, I think, investors are increasingly sensitive to debt your company thats also increasingly emphasizing growth and that requires reinvestment it just may be feels to me like raising your dividend above earnings isnt the ideal strategy but Im just curious to hear the rationale behind the take there.
Luca Zaramella: I think it is the confidence we have in the overall capital structure of the company if you step back and if you think about the ability we have to generate free cash flow and our commitment that materialized in 2018 of $3 billion-plus from 2020 on, if you think about the balance sheet flexibility we have at our current leverage, but also with the fact that we were fairly clear, the coffee stake is an investment for us and it is not strategic that gives us flexibility so if you put the ability we have to generate cash, if you take into account the leverage that we have today, the coffee stake that we have, even in premise of M&A, I think we have what it takes to be able to have the flexibility to do share buybacks, to get dividend, and also to make M&A so I think you can update one piece you have to look at all of this together and all the elements are there pointing in the direction that there is confidence in being able to raise dividends the last time we did it, it was 18% so we feel good about that.
Ken Goldman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Good afternoon, everyone.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi. So just a quick question the emerging market growth ex-Argentina being in the 4% to 5%, two things a little lackluster Im just trying to understand how much of that was Brazilian gum and whats the prognosis there? It sounds as though Brazil was down low-single digits and some of the categories were positive, but gum business must have been in quite some trouble so maybe some commentary there and then just as a follow-up, some of the household products companies have complained local competition in places like China have slowed them down quite a bit what are you seeing out there in China relative to your local competitors? Do you think thats relevant to you and is that something that youre worried about in terms of getting the emerging markets growing again? Thank you and Ill pass it on.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Well, on Brazil, yes, Brazil was, of the emerging markets, probably the one that didnt perform as we would have hoped in 2018 but we feel that over the medium-term, the growth prospects for Brazil are quite good it wasnt really because of gum that 2018 was more difficult for us it was really driven by two things there was a bit of a price scuffle, I would say, in the chocolate category, which we are getting through we see at the moment we see good volume growth in chocolate in Brazil we addressed the price gaps, and we started to gain share in the last quarter in biscuits, we were largely flat as it relates to share so it was really on top of the chocolate issue, it was the Powdered Beverages, which in Brazil we are seeing a colder summer so a slowdown in Q4 and we are expecting the same in Q1 of our Powdered Beverages sales and then on top, overall the Powdered Beverage category is doing a little bit less than cold drinks in general and then us within that category losing some market share so that was the real driver for Brazil as it relates to China, we obviously, like everybody else, have the local competition but we are pretty happy with our performance in China we had another solid quarter, which is the sixth consecutive quarter of growth for us in China all of our categories are growing. In gum, we are increasing our market share quite considerably because we launched a new product called Stride Waves, which is the same as the Trident Vibes here in the U.S. and then in chocolate, we launched our Milka Magic Cup and there also we have about 0.5 point of market share gains and then in biscuits, where we have the most local competition, we have been really doing well, with more than 1 point gain of our market share combined between online/offline we have got some pretty heavy growth going on in our e-commerce business in China, which is up almost 80% for the year so, overall, yes, there is a competition but at this stage, we feel like we are doing quite well in China.
Alexia Howard: Great, thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Hi, two quick questions. You mentioned A&C investments in the quarter I dont know if I heard you quantify how much A&C was up year-over-year. Can you give us a sense of what it was in the quarter and then the year ago I am sorry for the overall year how much of it was up? And then secondly, pricing down a lot in Europe, my impression is that, especially in the UK that a lot of pricing needs to go higher to offset higher input costs and then, of course, the Brexit situation might make that accentuate that do you have a contingency plan if there is a hard Brexit this year? Thanks.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Robert. So, maybe Dirk will take the Brexit. I will start by commenting a bit on your A&C question and pricing as we said, we activated more investments in Q4, but we are not going to quantify by the way, it was A&C and as we saw good momentum in India chocolate, in China biscuits and gum, in Russia chocolate and biscuits, we gained in Russia alone more than 2 points of share in the last 12 months so as we saw these economies doing very well, as we saw volume-driven growth, I think we put more A&C and I think it was the right decision as we said, we are trying to invest in our local brands as well, but it was not only A&C I think if you look at what we did in Q4, for instance, we spent in seasonal activation in big countries like the UK, Germany and, for instance, in India, in Australia. But we also spent in route-to-market and finally we had investments in marketing and R&D I think if you think about the quantum, it was clearly materializing so the quality of the earnings, we had gross margin growing 90 basis points for the quarter, off of it dropped to the bottom line so we reinvested quite a bit going forward, we will reinvest even more the difference is going to be that it will involve more countries and more brands as to pricing, I wouldnt get quite frankly where its fixated on the Q4 pricing impact for Europe there were some phasing in there what I can tell you is that, in general, the total pricing for the company was in the right place Europe specifically was able to generate nice gross profit growth, so gross margin was up in Europe again so it was puts and takes between pricing and commodities at ForEx that we had effectively covered for Europe I dont think there is much to worry at this point in time on pricing in Europe with the exception of may be Brexit that Dirk is going to talk about in a minute.
Dirk Van de Put: So, as it relates to Brexit, yes, I mean, the UK is an important business for us and we have a very good team there thats very solid and I think theyre very well-equipped to weather through this situation we dont know and thats the difficulty of Brexit we dont quite know whats going to happen here so we have to really prepare for the worst and hope for the best and the worst is clearly a hard Brexit we are assessing all the potential scenarios, and we do feel that Brexit will, for sure, have a short-term and a medium-term impact over the long-term, we believe that it will stabilize itself and we will come back to where we are today and, obviously, theres a huge difference between a hard Brexit and a softer Brexit so, as it relates to the hard Brexit, our contingency plan is quite extensive and it basically is focused on the disruption and the ease of the flow of the goods so weve invested in additional resources in logistics operations that means, weve rented many more trucks. We have rented much more warehousing space. Weve increased our inventories. We are making sure that we are capable even in difficult circumstances to maintain our customer service. And we are very focused on demand planning. And so, weve also increased, for instance, our additional raw and packaging materials in the UK and in Europe. Now, Brexit, Brexit could come with other effects like devaluations or tariffs, may be a loss of consumer confidence in the first part. Those types of things we have not included in our current guidance. But we are preparing for it in case it would happen. I hope that yesterdays vote helps a little bit to avoid the hard Brexit. And then as it relates to pricing, I think we will have to see what happens particularly with Brexit itself to make decisions. At the moment, our pricing is adapted to the current situation, but we are ready to adapt the pricing as Brexit would start to happen.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you very much.
Luca Zaramella: Okay.
Dirk Van de Put: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hi, good evening, folks.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, Jason.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi.
Jason English: Thanks for sliding me in. I appreciate that youre focused on the holistic portfolio now and dont want to spend time dwelling on the legacy sort of Power Brands versus non-Power Brands. But Im going to try anyways, because the strategy clearly is one of trying to activate the periphery of the portfolio. And I love to get a bit more context of how its working so far. So, is there any sort of performance metric you can give us and how these non-Power Brands are progressing as you extend the investment?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. We can explain that a little bit. So, I wouldnt say its the periphery of the portfolio. The  our non-Power Brands or our non-global brands are sometimes quite important. And were really using them in synergy to try to cover as many aspects of the consumer needs that exist. And so, for instance, in Russia, we become leaders in chocolate by using the combination of Alpen Gold and Milka to be the winners in the market. So, its more than the periphery. Its really playing off brands against each other and making sure that we activate all of those brands. So that is still, of course, a work-in-progress. But I would say that we have seen the Power Brands continuing largely on their trend of about 3% growth. And then weve seen the local brands go down  go up, sorry, from a negative growth in the past two close to 1% growth in the last quarter. That sort of the shift were seeing and obviously thats only after about 4 months of activation of those local brands. So, were expecting to see more growth in 2019.
Jason English: Excellent. Thank you for sharing that. And I want to come back to a comment you made in the prepared remarks about empowering people to snack right. I guess, snack right means lots of things to lots of people, but to me it seems to connote a degree of health and wellness, which is not something I think comes top of mind when we think about your portfolio. So, can you talk about the context around that statement in terms of your vision and whether or not it does entail a bigger push in health and wellness? And if so, how much of this would be sort of strategic M&A and priority versus organic?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. It means many things. It does have a health and wellness connotation. But if I take it up one step, it is a recognition that the same consumer depending on the moment of the day and the situation in which she finds  he or she finds himself can make different decisions. And when we say right, we mean that we want to offer the right product for the right occasion. And we see  as we look around at whats going on and whats growing in percentage its the more health and wellness-oriented categories, but in dollars its still the old biscuits, chocolate, ice cream and categories like that, that are getting the biggest growth. As it relates to health and wellness, yes, we clearly have an intent to do several things. It probably starts with constantly trying to improve the ingredients on our product, the sourcing of our raw materials, and may be thats not necessarily health-related, but were thinking about Cocoa Life or our Harmony Wheat programs that we have, which are about more sustainability of the raw materials and so on. But I think thats also these days something that the consumer appreciates as we do that in our brands. We will also eliminate as much as we can fat and salt and things like that. And yes, we will need to have more pure health-oriented brands. We have several, belVita would be the one that comes most to mind, but we have clearly an intent apart from continuing to improve our current brands to launch more health-oriented options under our current brands or to launch new brands or  and youre right that might has to be partially also through M&A. But I wouldnt say its more biased in one or another direction. Its a little bit of a whole spectrum of activity that we have in mind.
Jason English: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Jason.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Strycula with UBS.
Steven Strycula: Hi, good evening, and I hope everyone in Chicago staying warm.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, in the office, we are okay.
Steven Strycula: But I think Shep was handing out handwarmers or something like that around the order of table. But  so my question is for Dirk to kick it off would be, how do I think about some of the more impactful investments in A&C and just in your broader route-to-market youre making this year. Specifically, Dirk, what are the key markets where sales force headcount for Mondelez employee is increasing, and then which emerging markets would local iconic brands matter most in your opinion? Then I have a short follow-up for Luca.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, I would say, where the manpower matters is largely in the emerging markets, the reason being that a lot of the sales are still happening to mom-and-pop and smaller stores, which you have to physically cover. And so, the countries that come to mind to be able to do that are, of course, India, but even Russia, Southeast Asia, Africa, the Middle East, those are the markets where we are planning to invest. Overall, in how we cover the stores and get a bigger universe of coverage, its not only people. Its also driven by the equipment that we might need, trucks or in-store display equipment, in the hotter climates for our chocolate business we need coolers. So thats really what for us is  what we mean when we say we are going to invest in route-to-market. And I think I took you through the markets that we are going to do that. As it relates to the significant emerging markets for us, while were seeing at the moment, were seeing double-digit growth in India, were seeing double-digit growth in Russia. We talked about Brazil, that wasnt  18 wasnt a great year, but thats a key market for us. We are also  China, of course, we need to the look at the opportunity we have for mid-single digit that we would like to increase that. And then the markets where I would say, our presence  all those markets Ive talked about theres probably close to a $1 billion for us more or less give or take. Southeast Asia, theres still a few markets there where our presence is not as big as it should be, our market share is not as big as it should be. So, we are also planning to do quite some investments in there.
Steven Strycula: Okay, great. And then, Luca, since youre trying to direct our attention to focus more on profit dollar growth as an industry, how should we think  or as a company, how should we think about for 19 EBIT dollar trends on a constant currency basis, constant currency headwind?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Look, we  again, I think if you look at the guidance we gave in terms of EPS, 3% to 5%, we guided on interest cost at $450 million. I can  you can walk it back up and see that it is, I guess, roundabout the same EPS growth that you have. There are puts and takes obviously, but thats what it is.
Steven Strycula: Alright. Thank you. Congrats on the good quarter.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you, and good evening.
Dirk Van de Put: Hi, David.
Luca Zaramella: Hi, David.
David Driscoll: Hi, two small modeling questions and then just one bigger question. Whats your inflation forecast for 2019? And then on the organic revenue forecast of 2% to 3%, would it be correct to assume that, that would skew towards pricing as opposed to vol/mix? And then I have a follow-up, please.
Luca Zaramella: Look, on the inflation, we are not going to break that out in terms of composition of cost inflation, ForEx inflation, commodity. I think as you model, think about commodities being pretty much in line with what we have seen this year in terms of inflation. There is clearly logistics cost that is creating a little bit of a pressure point. That was one of the key drivers that drove us increasing pricing in North America for 2019. But we also see some packaging and the ForEx to a certain extent is one of the components that is creating a little bit of pressure in terms of inflation. And again, we are taking action obviously. Clearly, we are covering our exchange rate exposure throughout the year. And we had good coverage at this point, I think we took advantage of some of the dips that we saw recently, for instance, for the Brazilian reais. On the composition of the 2% to 3%, I prefer not to go there. We are not going to give guidance on that specifically. Clearly, as you think about what we said in the context of Investor Day, we believe that volume growth is the right thing. And when you think about the various regions, I think we will continue seeing good momentum in terms of volume in EU, same in AMEA. LA, clearly, there is Argentina and some inflationary pressure. And in North America, we need to wait and see what happens with the price increase as it becomes effective in the marketplace. And so, I think there we have to see if the elasticity we model is the right one or if it is better or worse.
David Driscoll: And then on the investments that youre making in 2019, can you give us some color on the pacing of those investments? And then also, one clarification on your fourth quarter comment, I believe you used the phrase something like you accelerated your investments and they began in the fourth quarter. Does that mean that the dollar amount of investments in 19 is now less because some of it took place in the fourth quarter, or is it just in aggregate going up because you had flexibility in the fourth quarter, but again, please dont forget the pacing part of the investment question for 19. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: No, I didnt forget the pacing term. So, let me answer that first. I think as you think about it, it is fairly even throughout the various quarters. Bear in mind that there are seasonal events throughout the year. So, Easter, for instance, happens to fall in 2019 a little bit but later than it did in 2018. So, it is a Q2 event and there are other seasonal events. But specifically, on A&C, it is equally phased throughout the quarter, I would say, give or take.
Dirk Van de Put: The other part was, does it mean we are going to reduce our investment in 19? And no, the answer is no. Its clear that our intent that the investment pace of 19 is we are going to increase on that in 20, yes, maybe not at the same pace as in 19, but we are trying to change our circle here to a virtuous circle. So, our objective is to keep on growing and in that way increase our top-line growth.
David Driscoll: Thank you very much.
Dirk Van de Put: No problem.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer: Thanks. Just a real general one on execution. Youve talked about trying to improve that execution and accountability by pushing some decision-making down to the regional level. It looks like from the outside like Europe has been executing pretty well, perhaps that will be tested by higher input prices and that requiring pricing, which is never easy there. And then conversely North America seemingly struggled far longer than it should have post-malware, especially with some of the competition pretty distracted. But it seems to be a little bit of an early stage here of getting tied together. Could you perhaps just walk us around the world over the regions as you see where the execution is today and where you see it going?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, maybe before I do that, we look at execution in more than in general execution. We are trying to split that up in several different groups, if I can. And, of course, there is the supply chain execution and that has to see with how good are we at buying our raw materials and our packs, how good are we running our plants, how well are we doing our demand planning and our deployment and so on and so on. And as you can imagine theres always areas anywhere in the world people can improve. But apart from the supply chain it also has to see with commercial execution then it goes from marketing and our ROI and our marketing activities around the world and how are we going to drive that. And can we use the latest technology to drive that as an in-store presence and that improvement of our route-to-market that we were talking about. So, its wider than you might think. If I go around the world, I would say, in general, we have an objective in all regions of the world to clearly increase our ROI in our marketing and our sales activities. And everybody has an opportunity there. As it relates to the execution in the supply chain, youre right. In general, our supply chain in Europe is clearly performing better and a well-oiled machine and the U.S. is getting there or North America is getting there, but its going to take a little bit of time. You take into account that they are still using some of our older factories to do so. As it relates to the Rest of the World, I would say, Latin America is making big strides as it relates to their supply chain and its working very well. And in AMEA, we are also pretty happy with where we stand, the differences between the different countries but also going quite well. But I think you cannot see this as a black and white, they are doing it well or theyre not doing it well. Every single region can lift itself to the next level and thats really the challenge. If youre in a company like ours and we focus on margin and cost to just make sure that we are running our plants in a better way, we run our supply chain in a better way, get the waste out of there, bring down over time, run our lines optimally, thats really what were talking about here. And I can tell you that, anywhere in the world we have opportunity to improve that. Its more difficult in some areas, but the opportunity to my opinion is quite big like it would be in any other big company to my opinion.
David Palmer: Thats great. Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put: Thanks. I think that brings us to the end of today. So, in closing, I would say that 2018 was a great year for us. We had good top line growth. We had solid profitability. We improved our free cash flow. We created a steady motion, a new strategy, that I think is the right approach, and its the right time to deliver higher quality sustainable growth for the company. And as I look at 2019 and the year ahead, Im encouraged by the health of our snacking markets and the categories in which we operate. I think our teams are energized. We are happy about what we have achieved. We are excited about the future. And I think the new structure and incentive plans weve put in place are giving people the liberty and then the potential to really go and do and make things happen. It will be a year of investment as we pointed out. But we think its the right thing to do because we believe we can lift this business to a higher level of growth. And that will lead to better returns for investors. So, I look forward to continuing to share our progress. I will probably see you all in CAGNY, and thank you again for your interest in the company.
Operator: This concludes todays call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Mondelez International Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about 1 hour, including remarks by Mondelez' management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations from Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website, mondelezinternational.com/investors. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and the risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise noted. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Shep, and good afternoon. We delivered very solid results for the third quarter. We continue to build momentum on the top line while increasing both adjusted growth and operating margin, and we delivered another double-digit increase in adjusted earnings per share. Our third quarter organic net revenue grew 1.2%, which includes 60 basis points of headwind for onetime malware effects last year, and it was supported by positive volume growth. We also delivered adjusted EPS growth of 18% at constant currency and solid free cash flow, which is now $1.1 billion year-to-date. As I laid out at our Investor Day last month, we are excited about the growth potential of snacking. Vibrant categories like chocolate and biscuits are growing faster than other areas in food. I want to thank many of you for attending and giving us an opportunity to share our vision and priorities around growth, execution and culture. Mondelez is well positioned to lead the future of snacking, thanks to our unique portfolio of iconic global and local brands and our advantaged geographic footprint. Nearly 40% of our revenues come from fast-growing emerging markets, which we expect will disproportionately contribute to future snacking growth. In the third quarter, emerging markets continue to show strong momentum and delivered an increase in revenues of 6%. This was driven by positive volume and pricing with particular strength in Russia, India, Mexico, China, South East Asia and Africa. Excluding Argentina, emerging markets grew 4.5%. In North America, as we discussed with you before, we are working to address several issues in our business which, as expected, continue to impact results. On the biscuits consumer side, overall consumption and our share were positive with key brands such as Oreo, Ritz and belVita performing well, but we have more work to do to improve our service delivery. Over the past couple of years, we've already made significant changes in North America, and we are now producing around 60% of our volume on advantaged assets in the region. We are continuing with additional end-to-end investments in capacity, systems and people, and we are seeing the progress. However, it will take us time to fix and, as such, progress will not be linear. Turning to our long-term growth strategy. I would like to share with you the progress we are making towards our strategic growth priorities. But before I do, let me remind you what they are. First, we are accelerating consumer-centric growth. Second, we are driving operational excellence in everything we do. And third, we are building a winning growth culture. Our long-term goal is to deliver volume-led top line growth that translates into high single-digit adjusted EPS growth and attractive free cash flow generation. Unlocking further growth requires us to put the consumer at the heart of our work. We will do so by further contemporizing our brands, capitalizing on untapped growth opportunities in channels and geographies and overhauling our marketing and innovation agenda. Let's look at innovation in a bit more detail. As I explained at our Investor Day, we're implementing a more agile innovation model founded on the test, learn and scale principle and grounded in local consumer insights. A good example of this is the recent introduction in Europe of Joy Fills, an innovative product platform that we're launching under the Oreo, Cadbury and Milka brands at the same time. Our European team has taken this idea to market in record time, creating an entirely new product format for consumers to munch on. Imagine it as a crispy, pea-sized biscuit with a creamy filling that offers a light, but indulgent, treat. Early indications are positive, and we're looking forward to seeing more. Over in India, our recently launched Lickables product continues to do well with consumers, helping deliver 90 basis points of chocolate share gains year-to-date in a market where we already have strong leadership. And here in the U.S., Oreo, which is already posting a mid-single-digit growth in the third quarter, is getting ready for the launch of the biggest Oreo cookie yet, the Most Stuf edition. While we're driving the test, learn and scale model in local markets, we're simultaneously dialing up our overall commitment to innovation with a platform called SnackFutures, which will be dedicated to unlocking future snacking growth opportunities around the world. SnackFutures will bring together internal and external talent to drive 3 mandates: inventing new businesses and brands in key strategic areas, reinventing smaller brands with untapped potential and creating ventures with early-stage entrepreneurs to seek new businesses. We are excited about the potential of this platform to help us drive the future of snacking. We will share more with you in the coming weeks about this. Another route to drive additional growth is M&A. Our recent acquisition, Tate's Bake Shop, performed well in the quarter, growing strong double-digit, above our expectation, as it continues to ramp up distribution in the U.S. We remain excited about this platform and the opportunity we have to scale the business while preserving what makes it unique. Turning to the second pillar of our strategy. We remain highly focused on our driving -- on driving operational excellence in all facets of our business. In recent years, we have focused mainly on productivity improvements, and we continue to make progress in this area. In the third quarter, we drove productivity even further, which helped to deliver 110 basis point increase in our adjusted gross margin to 40.6%. Beyond this, we are also looking to drive end-to-end improvements in our processes and systems to help make us more efficient and, specifically, to iron out the operational challenges that are impacting North America. Finally, we remain committed to changing not just what we do but how we do it by building a winning growth culture. As such, we are altering our ways of working to provoke a shift in mindset and behaviors. Starting January 1, we will shift to a new local commercial structure that will drive greater consumer focus and reduce the complexity caused by organizational overlap, but we will continue to manage our operations by region to leverage regional operating scale. We are creating 13 geographic business units, each reporting into one of our 4 regions. This move clarifies accountabilities, and we are aligning our incentive structure to drive greater ownership of local business results. We believe this change will enable volume-driven top line growth and absolute profit dollar growth. With the rollout of this new structure in the regions, we will create a more agile company that can react faster to local consumer preferences without losing the benefits of our scale and global expertise in marketing, manufacturing and innovation. We have also announced today that Hubert Weber, Executive Vice President and Regional President of our European business, has decided to retire from the company at the end of January. Hubert has led our European business during a period of exceptional change, delivering a strong track record in terms of profitability and setting up this important region for future growth. We thank him for his 29 great years with the company and wish him all the best. Hubert will be replaced by Vinzenz Gruber, currently President, Western Europe, who brings extensive marketing and commercial experience as well as strong leadership credentials both from within this company and outside. We are confident Vince will step in right away and continue to build on the great momentum we have in our European business. During our Investor Day, I also talked about our purpose, which is to empower people to snack right, a purpose we believe we can fulfill by providing the right snack at the right moment, made the right way. We are already seeing compelling evidence of our new purpose in action. Our ambition to produce snacks the right way, for instance, is manifested in our recently announced commitment to ensure that all our packaging is recyclable by 2025. And we strongly believe that if we make our products the right way, our consumers will continue to choose our beloved and iconic brands for years to come. In summary, our third quarter results were solid. Our year-to-date momentum continues, and we are well set to deliver our commitments for the year. The underlying strengths of our snacking categories, particularly in emerging markets, together with our early progress on our strategic initiatives, gives us confidence that we are on the right track to generate attractive, long-term total returns for shareholders. Now I'd like to turn it over to Luca.
Luca Zaramella: Thanks, Dirk, and good afternoon. We performed well across a number of financial metrics and continued to see good revenue and volume momentum as well as solid margin performance that is consistent with our outlook. Organic net revenue increased 1.2%. This top line performance includes a headwind of 60 basis points related to the lapping of the malware recovery. Emerging market performance stands out in the quarter as it was broad-based with strong volume growth. China, India, Mexico, Russia, Southeast Asia and Africa all delivered good results. These results reflect solid execution by our commercial teams as well as robust market dynamics in our categories. On a regional basis for the quarter, Europe's organic net revenue increased 0.2%, though underlying growth was better as these results included approximately 150 basis points of headwind related to the malware incident. Russia posted mid-single-digit revenue growth and share gains in both chocolate and biscuits. And Germany delivered solid growth in biscuit, where the Milka-branded chocobakery portfolio continues to fuel strong performance. AMEA grew 4.6%, with broad-based across all key areas. India and Southeast Asia continue to execute well with high and mid-single-digit growth, while China delivered its fifth consecutive quarter of growth fueled by biscuit and e-commerce. We also saw strong double-digit results in Africa. Latin America grew 4.6%. Although the region was impacted by inflation-driven growth in Argentina, we continued to see good momentum in Mexico, which grew mid-single digits behind both gum and candy. Brazil declined low single-digit in the quarter. We are addressing price gaps and have also made steps around innovation that will help to improve the trajectory of our business in Brazil. North America declined 2%. While we saw positive U.S. biscuits category and share dynamics, we continued to face a number of operational challenges which impacted volume. As Dirk mentioned, we are making investments in people, processes, systems and capacity to address our operational issues and expect improvements moving forward, although it will take time and progress will not be linear. Let me describe what the nature of the issue is. While we have invested significantly in North America over the last several years, creating a state-of-the-art greenfield plant in Salinas, Mexico and installing new Lines of the Future in existing plants in the U.S. and Canada, around 40% of our volume is still made on lines that do not provide full reliability. To compound the situation, volume demand growth is putting more pressure on our network. We are making the necessary investments to stabilize the U.S. factory network while enhancing our capabilities through people and systems as far as supply and demand planning are concerned. We are seeing some progress already, but installing capacity where needed, stabilizing some of the lines, improving our systems and adding capabilities will require some time. Now let's review our margin performance. In Q3, adjusted gross profit dollars grew more than 4% on a constant currency basis. Positive pricing, net of commodities, and productivity savings drove the margin expansion. We are benefiting from favorable cocoa cost, which was partially offset by continued freight and logistics cost inflation. We also continue to maintain pricing discipline to protect our margins in the medium to long-term and have already announced and taken pricing in a number of countries this year, including our U.S. business, while striking the right balance with volume and overall profit. Adjusted operating income grew by 4% on a constant currency basis with margins of 17.1%, up 40 basis points as a result of higher gross margins. There were several items in other income and expense line that were unfavorable when compared to prior year, partially muting the gross profit margin expansion. Cost savings in the SG&A line continue to provide offset to inflation. On a regional basis, gross margin expansion and cost execution drove margin improvements in 3 of 4 regions. Europe grew 110 basis points to 19.8%. North America decreased by 90 basis points to 20.6%, driven by higher conversion costs in U.S. factories and customer service and logistics costs. Latin America increased by 30 basis points to 18.1%, and AMEA improved by 120 basis points to 14.2%. Now let me take a moment to discuss category highlights. The snacking categories continue to display good dynamics and solid growth, building on the past 4 quarters with growth of 2.7%. We remain encouraged by the overall health of our categories. Overall, we held or gained share in 60% of our business. Year-to-date, our biscuits organic net revenue grew more than 3%. Approximately 75% of our revenue grew or held share in this category, including our U.S., France, China, Germany businesses. In chocolate, our business continues to perform well, growing 3.5%. India, Australia and Brazil all posted growth during the quarter. Approximately 40% of our revenue grew or held share in this category, including Germany, Russia and India. Gum and candy growth was flat, reflecting soft but improved results in developed markets. About 40% of our revenue in this business gained or held share, including China. Now turning to earnings per share. We delivered another strong quarter of adjusted EPS growth, which increased 18% on a constant currency basis. These results were driven by favorable operating gains, taxes and share repurchases. With respect to capital deployment, we returned approximately $800 million in capital to shareholders in Q3 and $2.6 billion year-to-date. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately $500 million in stock and paid more than $300 million in cash dividends. Turning to free cash flow. The third quarter was a solid quarter of cash flow generation as working capital management and higher cash earnings drove results. Year-to-date, we have generated $1.1 billion in free cash flow. Our team remains focused on closing out the year and delivering our full year 2018 target with a strong Q4. Now let me spend a minute on our outlook for the year. Overall, we now expect our top line outlook for the full year to be approximately 2%. We are encouraged by our top line results as emerging markets trends and overall category growth trends remain solid. We are maintaining our outlook for the year with respect to our adjusted OI margin, adjusted EPS and free cash flow. As you think about Q4 modeling, second half operating margins should be roughly comparable to the first half of this year. With that, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: So two questions for me. One, I guess, just specifically in the quarter, it looked, I think relative to where we were, you ended up delivering much better in gross profit dollars, but the SG&A was a little bit higher than, I guess, we expected it to be. So look, if you could just walk us through, was that more marketing? Did you -- were you better than expected and spent more back? Or was there other sort of noise that we should just think about that flowed through SG&A in the quarter? And then I have a follow-up.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Thank you, Bryan. So quite pleased with the gross profit growth, more than 4%. Gross margin, as you said, up 110 basis points, so delivering our commitments. It didn't translate fully into OI margin as last year we had a few positives into the other income line and, this year, we had a few unfavorable items in the other income line that resulted in unfavorable comparisons. But in terms of that specifically, I would say that we did a good job, in the quarter, continuing the cost savings you have seen so far this year, and we have been offsetting inflation. And as far as A&C goes, in general, it is in line with last year, so no major changes. But we have unlocked some more investments, specifically in the quarter in a couple of places where we see good momentum, and there will be more to come in Q4. So it was not -- A&C in total in the quarter, it was not overhead cost, it was the -- some unfavorability this quarter in other income lapping favorability last year as we had asset sales and a little bit of insurance claims that were refunded.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then, I guess, as a follow-up to that, Dirk, it's early -- I guess, you're beginning to make early progress against your strategic plan. And I guess, as that's unfolding, could you just sort of give us an idea of how you're thinking about spending levels for 2019 and how should -- we should think about that as we're looking at our models and looking at the opportunities going into next year?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, yes, Bryan. Well, first of all, maybe a little bit on the strategy in general. We had a number of premises in our strategy as we announced it in September. The first one was that snacking is a great place to be in food these days, and the quarter confirmed that with the 2.7% growth of our categories worldwide, even if we had a the significant heat wave in Europe which obviously impacts chocolate sales. And then the other premise was that emerging markets will continue to drive growth, and they were particularly strong in this quarter with 6% growth. So we feel good about those 2 premises, they were confirmed. And then as it relates to the other 3 strategies that we laid out: accelerated consumer-centric growth; we continue with our new marketing playbook; we did a number of innovations that were launched, I talked about a few; and we keep on being focused on M&A, operational excellence. We talked about gross margin. Also, the new organization we're putting in place, the recyclable packaging. And then as it relates to the culture, again, that new organization which pushes accountability closer and the new incentive plan that will reward profit dollars and volume growth. So we're on track, we're making progress on all these 3 strategies and can go deeper into detail if you would like to. But overall, what we're expecting for the spending next year, and we're still, of course, finalizing the plans, but we expect those to be the 4 big areas. The first one would be, of course, A&C; the second one, in overall capabilities of the company; the third one, in quality; and the fourth one, in route to market. The specific levels are probably a little bit early to comment on, but we're expecting those 4 areas to see a significant increase next year.
Bryan Spillane: But fair to say that's still concorporated in the guidance that you gave us for '19 back in September.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, yes, yes. No change there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman: I'd like to ask 1 quick one and then a broader one, if I can. For the fourth quarter -- or for the second half, I think you said that you expect your operating margin on a pro forma basis to be roughly the same as in the first half of the year. I think that implies maybe an operating margin in the fourth quarter lower than the annual average, maybe something like 16.3, 16.4 on a percent basis. Can you confirm that I'm doing my math there, very quickly? I just want to make sure because -- as we think about the modeling.
Luca Zaramella: Look, I think, and as you think about our margin year-to-date, OI margin is around about 16.8%. I think as we guided the full year to approximately 17%, I would say Q4 is around about in line with the year-to-date number.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. And then I'm following up on that. My broader question is I just wanted to ask about pricing in the U.S. I think the number you had, over 1%, was the best in a few years this quarter, and the comparison was relatively difficult. So can you just help us how to understand a little bit about the balance between list pricing? How much is list pricing driving the success versus lower promotions? I really just want to get a better idea of how sustainable this pricing is because it's obviously a very sensitive topic for many, many CPG companies in the U.S. today.
Luca Zaramella: Look, I think we have work to do in the U.S., quite honestly. But I think pricing and the right balance between volume and pricing is something that we feel quite good about. If you look at the U.S. market and what we have done in biscuit not only this quarter but over the last few quarters, I think you'll see, in consumption terms, a nice balance in biscuit between volume and pricing. So going back to your specific question, we implemented pricing earlier in the year, which was a line pricing increase on some of our local brands, and that is coming in effect now. We have optimized promo spending. And again, I think we found the sweet spot in some of our brands where, I think, there were some inefficient promotions in place. And as I said, we are pleased seeing volume and pricing growth in the marketplace in consumption terms. And we introduced some price pack architecture. So we really used a full array of tools to implement pricing in the U.S. In addition, as we said, we have announced additional pricing across biscuits, gum and candy. And that pricing will be effective as of Q1 next year, and it will be for the vast majority line pricing. I think based on what we see these days, quite happy with the share gains and the balance, as I said. So we have confidence in the fact that this is the right move. And I think, as you look at the sustainability of the category and the ability we have to invest, I think, clearly, given the inflationary pressure we see in some commodities and logistics costs, this is the right thing to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Just two quick ones for me. I'd say, first, to reach 2% organic top line for the full year, I suggest around 1% organic top line in the fourth quarter. Obviously, slower than the 2.3% rate year-to-date and even down sequentially from the third quarter of 1.8%, if you exclude the malware impact. So I guess I'm just trying to get a sense, is there something specific that you see is slowing the organic down in 4Q or really just sort of thinking conservatively at this point?
Luca Zaramella: Look, we are clearly encouraged by the top line evolution. And we see clearly momentum, specifically across emerging markets. We are happy with the volume and pricing balance. Categories, as we said, are quite vibrant, specifically in emerging markets. And you said that I think we want to be thoughtful about the fourth quarter. As you know, that's -- in the U.S., there might still be some challenges even if we see improvements clearly in Q4 and in October, specifically. So I think it is just us wanting to be thoughtful about the fourth quarter, and I think we see light to the 2% even in Q4, quite honestly, around about 2%.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. And then I guess, when you think about the 2% to 3% organic top line growth forecast for 2019, I guess, what is the, at least currently, your category growth expectation that's sort of built into that number? And really what I'm trying to get at is how much in the way of share gains are really needed at this stage, your best guess, to hit that 2% to 3% for next year?
Dirk Van de Put: Well, we see the category, so we see them at the moment growing at 2.7%. In our strat plan, we had foreseen that they would be around 3%. Us aiming at 2.5% for next year means that we do not see any market share gain for next year. We are largely aiming to stay in line with the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Can we ask about the product strategy here in the U.S. I've been looking at the Nielsen data, and it seems as though the big launch of the chocolate product a couple of years ago seems to be being undone. Gum seems to be getting a little bit better sequentially. I don't know whether you're putting more investment in there as you also try to migrate one of those brands into the mint segment. Obviously, you've still got the cookie strategy going strongly. I think there may have been some innovations that didn't quite work in crackers. Could you just give us a sort of quick summary of what you're actually focusing on and what the strategy is, product category by product category, here?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So maybe I'll start with chocolate. Yes, we entered the U.S. chocolate market, which is highly competitive. And we know that it will take some time, but we're trying to leverage the power of the Oreo brand there. I think it's a good example of extending our brands to play in adjacent categories but, obviously, it's going to be a niche type of play. And we see very positive indicators as it relates to Oreo chocolates, a very strong consumer response with the highest repeat rate of any recent innovation in the category. So overall, we think we feel pretty good about it. We just are going through the second year after the launch, and I think it's normal to see a little bit of a decline there. As it relates to gum, yes, the gum market itself has been doing better. We are seeing a very nice category growth coming back in the U.S. And you see a little bit of a better performance from us driven also by a new innovation called Trident Vibes that -- which we have also launched in China under the Stride brand. And we're seeing good results there with an early share taking of 1.2 points. And then, as it relates to cookies, I would say the crackers are relatively flat as we see our shares. But in the rest of the cookie segment, we are seeing quite interesting growth. Oreo is around the mid-single digits. belVita is up quite nicely. Ritz is doing well. So as you saw there, Alexia, we're doing quite well in our cookies approach. But overall, I would say there's some wins and some losses there. But overall, we feel pretty good about how things are going. You didn't mention candy, but Sour Patch Kids is doing quite well in the candy segment. So it's -- yes, there are some ins and outs. But overall, I think, if you look at all the categories, we're increasing our market share.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher Growe: Just had a question for you, if I could. I wanted to ask around the chocolate category where you have seen cocoa cost come down. Are you seeing more competition emerge in that category? I thought you were holding or gaining share, only 40% of the category, yet the sales are strong in the category and for your business as well. So I'm just curious how the competitive dynamic is shaping up in that category.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, the category growth is strong. It's about 3.6%. Our revenue growth was 3.5%, so quite close. Yes, we, at 40%, are holding or gaining share. That is largely due to, I would say, the -- some areas, Australia, New Zealand. We lost some share in France, Sweden. But overall, if I look at the performance, I don't think it's particularly something that we are concerned about. We're seeing big competition showing up. For instance, in chocolates, the overall growth is still quite strong, in mid-single digits overall, but the emerging markets are growing high single digits. And the developed markets maybe took back a little bit in the third quarter. But overall, I think we feel pretty strong about our chocolate performance.
Christopher Growe: Okay, no areas of price competition emerging as costs get a little more favorable there, certainly in cocoa.
Dirk Van de Put: No.
Luca Zaramella: No, I don't think there is really anything to worry about. We are lapping a quite high share number last year in Q3. We gained quite a bit of share across the board. So I think, think about that as phasing. It will come back.
Christopher Growe: Okay. And I just had a quick question to follow up on North America. And before, we have seen the prior year, obviously, the comp issues. But we have seen of late the consumption data weaken a little bit and yet still very strong in cookies, I would say. Can you just react to that and give a little bit of a feel for how that should shape up in the fourth quarter, given some of the lingering issues you've had in that division?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, the lap for cookies versus last year, there was a big buildup for the hurricane last year. So yes, the overall category growth was a little bit slower, but we attribute that largely to a very tough comparison for last year. Year-to-date, we see the category at 1.9%, with our share being up 0.7%. In the last quarter, our share grew a full point. We expect the category to be coming back to higher levels as we don't have that lap effect anymore. So we have no particular indication that the category would be slowing down.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Strycula with UBS.
Steven Strycula: A two part question. I wanted to ask about Latin America and 3 of your bigger businesses there with Brazil, Mexico and Argentina. Given the inflation that we're seeing in some of those markets and volatility around elections, can you talk about how you're managing each of those businesses from both a pricing and a volume strategy and comment on how some of the key competition, whether -- particularly local competition, if it's following? That would be very helpful.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, maybe I'll comment a little bit and then hand it over to Luca specifically on pricing. Overall, in Latin America, we see -- we continue to see very positive organic growth, and I think we're managing well through the emerging market volatility. The revenue growth in Q3 was driven largely by Argentina and Mexico, and Brazil declined. I'll leave it up to Luca to comment a little bit on Argentina and the situation there. Mexico, we are very positive. We had a very solid performance, mid-single-digit, and gum and candy continued to be very strong. And then in Brazil, yes, we had a decline, which was in line with expectations. But the good thing there is that we are addressing some of the chocolate price gaps that we've had in the beginning of the year, and that is helping us to regain some market share in chocolate. So we feel pretty good about that. Overall, I would say, as it relates to management, Mexico, we don't see a particular need. Argentina, seeing the high inflation, yes, we need to be very vigilant. And then -- and again, Luca will comment on that. But Brazil, we feel pretty optimistic about next year in Brazil. We see indications that things will improve, and we are counting on a positive sales growth in Brazil for next year. Luca?
Luca Zaramella: So specifically in Argentina, it is around about 2% of our revenue. And given the high inflationary environment, we are managing it, quite frankly, a little bit differently than the other 2 countries that Dirk mentioned, Brazil and Mexico. It is a disciplined approach, the one we are taking, to protecting cash flow and value. In fact, in the quarter and consistently throughout the year, we did double-digit pricing that drove revenue. We're happy with the way we are protecting cash flow and value in that country. In fact, I can tell you that our margin in the quarter was in line with last year. So it is a fine line between understanding how to price, protecting cash flow and also with the look of not losing too much scale in the country as it is tough to see it, but I think, potentially one day, that is a country with a sound economy that could grow and be a good business for us. So it is a fine balance, but it is a different way of managing it as we have compared to other countries in Latin America.
Steven Strycula: I have a quick follow-up, if I can. Wanted to ask about the different moving pieces with the coffee business, how you've recasted the financials there. What should we be using as the 2017 baseline for all the coffee equity income from last year? And then, ultimately, not specific guidance, but how would you generically guide it for the full year 2018, again, given the change in reporting that you guys put out there?
Luca Zaramella: No, it is a tricky question to guide you on coffee because, clearly, KDP is a publicly traded company. And that is one of the reasons we decided to go on a lag. There was an 8-K earlier in the month, where you can find the detail by quarter. But simply said, the impact of moving us to a lag, it is not going to be material in the year. So I can give you more details, maybe separately, and take you through some of the highlights of the 8-K, but think about consistency with what we said before in the context of double-digit EPS and the synergies that KDP is going to deliver.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Dirk, I think you mentioned new pricing that's going into effect in first quarter across multiple categories. Can you remind us what markets those price increases are going into effect? And if it's in the U.S., what was the pitch to the trade for raising price? Is it to offset commodities or freight? And did you make any kind of product quality improvements to help justify the increase?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, well, I will first comment on North America. As we explained before, we did -- in the middle of the year, we did an increased spread between a line price increase, price pack architecture and a promotional optimization on the local brands that we have. And then we are doing a price increase across the line at the beginning of next year. The -- we will do more of the same as it relates to those 3 mechanisms of increasing prices, but it's a bit more line price increase at the beginning of the year. We believe that it's the right move for us, seeing the overall environment and the way our categories are behaving at the moment. It will allow us to make the right investments in our brands and in our categories. So at this stage, we think that is probably the best way to do it. Of course, there are cost pressures also related to this as it relates to freight and some commodities, the trade is well aware of that. So they understand that, that is some of the reasons why we are doing those price increases. Around the world, I would say it's a little bit the same story, although less pronounced. We're doing some price increases in other countries, but it is not of the magnitude that we have to do in North America. Luca?
Robert Moskow: Okay. In chocolate -- go ahead.
Dirk Van de Put: Sorry. Excuse me?
Robert Moskow: I wanted to follow up on chocolate in Europe, whether that is included in the price increases in the first quarter or no pricing?
Luca Zaramella: Look, we cannot comment on specific pricing actions. As we said about pricing, the vast majority of pricing, it is coming in effect in emerging markets, excluding Argentina. We are pleased with what we see there. I think, if you look and extract Argentina from the number of emerging markets, you see a growth that is 4.5%. It is underpinned by pricing, but there is also a nice component of volume. So think about pricing being in effect in emerging markets pretty much on the vast majority of those markets. And we are watching closely volume dynamics because we don't want to lose momentum, and we want to preserve that operating leverage that is the foundation of the plan we presented at the Investor Day.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll: One quick clarification. I think you said that the first half operating margin, which I think was 16.7%, and the second half operating margin will be same as first half, but then the full year guidance is like 17%. Can you just clear that up for me just for -- and I hate to be so particular on basis points, but it almost sounds like the 2 pieces of the guidance would mathematically come out with a number below 17%. And maybe that is the right answer. But can you just clear that up right now?
Luca Zaramella: Yes. So as I said, on a year-to-date basis, the margin is 16.8%. I think it was around about 16.7% in the first half. As we guided to approximately 17%, see Q4 pretty much in line with both the first half and the Q3 year-to-date number. So it will be approximately 17%, a little bit below and in line with the full year guidance we gave.
David Driscoll: Okay, that's fine. And then on the U.S. pricing that you have going into January 1, what was the size of the price announcements that you made implementing on January 1?
Luca Zaramella: We are not getting into specific details. But as we said, it would be across the 3 categories: biscuit, gum and candies. And it will be different by brand. And we have looked into potential elasticity impacts, and we are trying to strike the right balance between preserving the volume and pricing momentum that we see in the marketplace these days and preserving margins going forward.
David Driscoll: A final one for me is, volume was positive on the year-to-date basis but negative in the third quarter. When you move into the fourth quarter, does volume turn positive again, leading us into 2019 with the expectation of positive volumes?
Luca Zaramella: Look, this quarter comps are clearly affected by the malware additional shipments last year. But I can assure you that the underlying dynamics are pretty much unchanged versus the previous quarters. I think you should look at the year-to-date volume and pricing balance. And as you look at that, I think what you see is that growth is half attributable to volume and the other half is pricing. Think about those dynamics continuing in Q4, but don't look at Q3 and draw the conclusion that volume was soft because we are lapping malware last year. And I think, again, as you look at the dynamics of emerging markets, Europe and Latin America, it is, quite frankly, in line with what we have seen so far this year.
Dirk Van de Put: And then I would like to add that for 2019, we have studied the elasticity of our price increases quite carefully, so we don't provide any specific guidance on split between volume mix and pricing. But we are working towards that goal of a volume-led growth over the long term, and we feel that the current dynamic we're seeing of the positive volume mix year-to-date that we can continue that into next year.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank.
Robert Dickerson: So I guess, just to, I guess, beat the horse till he's dead, excuse my phrase. Just in terms of 2019 and, as we have stressed, the price increase across the categories, the expectation would that there would still be a balance between the pricing and the volume? Or are we thinking even though the goal, obviously, the target is to have volume-driven top line longer term, that maybe in '19, it's a little bit more tilted to pricing upfront? Is that fair? That's my first question.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. And just that it's -- we're counting on the same good balance between volume mix and pricing to continue into next year. We will see how the things play out. But at the moment, we are planning for something similar to this year. As we said, we have means of playing around with promotional spending, and that allows us to play around with how much we will get from volume. So I wouldn't expect that it's going to be a huge change for next year. At this stage, we feel pretty confident that the current formula, and it's working for us, that we can extend it into 2019.
Robert Dickerson: Okay, fair. And then just housekeeping items, and that's all I have, is, from the Investor Day, I believe you had said the expectation was, essentially into next year, favorable trends in terms of GDP improvements, which would drive, let's call it, that 3% category growth. It seems like snacking may be -- all-in may be driven more by biscuits, and Q3 came in a bit. It sounds like the category growth is a bit below what the strat plan showed, as you said. So I guess the first question is, is there anything that really kind of changed in terms of biscuit growth trajectory into '19? And is that partially driven off of different GDP expectations? And then just secondly and simplistically, it looked like the currency effect for next year that you had mentioned at your Investor Day was the same that you put out today. But it did seem like the currency complex changed a bit over the past two months. So I'm just curious if there were any go-forward currency shifts relative to two months ago for '19. That's it.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, let me start maybe with the forex impact. The forex impact is the same as we had for Investor Day, but it happened to be a coincidence. There were various puts and takes. And I can tell you that, in general, with the profit component of emerging markets, EPS was improved. But we had the eurozone that lost a bit. So it happens to be the same. It was refreshed as of last week. So the number is the same, but it is a coincidence. In terms of categories, look, I think the guidance we gave you in terms of top line for next year, which is 2% to 2.3%, calls for a category dynamic that is in line with what we have seen this year and in line, certainly, with the 2.7% on a year-to-date basis. There might be puts and takes, but that is where we see the category, the snacking category, playing out for us this year and next year.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. So in closing, I'm proud of the work of our teams across the business and the results that we are currently seeing. We are very encouraged by the progress in our emerging markets, which were particularly strong this quarter, and of course, where we see the significant amount of our future growth to be derived. Europe remains a solid business for us. And there is work to do in North America, but I'm also confident in the opportunity for that business to start growing. I would say that our new long-term strategy is generating excitement in our business. We are building from a position of leadership in our markets, and we are taking steps to further strengthen our capabilities and capture opportunity, as we explained. I'm here thinking particularly of the change in our commercial model, which is more consumer-focused and will drive greater local accountability. I'm also excited about the test, learn and scale approach that we are taking in innovation and then our increased focus on M&A, and that is a good example of what is more to come. And we also mentioned that we are planting the seeds for future growth with the launch of our new SnackFutures platform, of which we will inform you more in the coming weeks. And there is -- overall, incentive structure is changing. So we feel good about this quarter and then good about the coming quarters and next year. So I look forward to sharing more of our progress with you in the quarters to come, and thank you for your interest in the company.
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap - Mondelez International, Inc. Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc. Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc. Luca Zaramella - Mondelez International, Inc.
Analysts: Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Mondelz International Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by the Mondelz management and the question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelz. Please go ahead sir.
Shep Dunlap - Mondelez International, Inc.: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; Brian Gladden, our outgoing CFO; and Luca Zaramella, our CFO beginning August 1. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website, mondelezinternational.com/investors. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we'll be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise noted. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thank you, Shep. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. We delivered a strong second quarter building on the momentum we saw in the first quarter. We generated solid topline growth, strong margin expansion and double-digit EPS growth. Organic net revenue grew 3.5% driven by both positive volume growth and solid pricing. This includes a positive impact from lapping last year's malware incident. Our growth was broad based across our regions and categories. This revenue growth translated into a strong bottom-line performance. Adjusted operating income grew more than 10%, and margin expanded to 16.7%, up 130 basis points. Adjusted EPS increased almost 15% at constant currency. We remain encouraged by industry trends. Snacking growth is improving globally and our categories are up above 3%. It's particularly encouraging to see that this growth was coming from both developed and emerging markets. As you know, we have a broad geographic footprint and generate a significant majority of our revenue outside of North America. In a majority of countries around the world, we have a leading position in the highly attractive snacking category as we have a stable of iconic global and local brands. Seeing our categories grow largely everywhere around the world gives me confidence in our ability to drive growth going forward. As I've said over the past eight months, the key to unlocking more value for our shareholders is based on two simple core concept: putting the consumer at the center of everything we do and executing with excellence every day. These concepts are fundamental to our strategy and our long-term growth framework which we will talk about in September. Now, I'd like to highlight a few areas that demonstrate strength and continued progress across our geographies and categories. Starting in Europe, we delivered another solid quarter with strong volume growth. Our biscuit business delivered strong volume growth across most of Western Europe including Germany, France, Italy and Spain. Our chocolate brands Milka, Toblerone and Cte d'Or also performed well. And chocobakery, which includes Milka and Cadbury biscuits, continued its momentum. Once again, Germany was a particular standout which was up double-digits. Our Milka biscuits brand is gaining strong consumer appeal across the country, which gives us confidence in our ability to continue to expand these products into our other regions. In France, where we've been running a successful Oreo marketing campaign, volumes were up mid-single digit. In Eastern Europe, we continue to experience strong chocolate growth, largely thanks to the strength of Milka. We also saw strong revenue growth in Russia fueled by the continued success of the Alpen Gold Dark and the Milka Dark launches as well as activations around the World Cup. Switching to North America. Organic revenue was up 5.7%, which is partially driven by lapping the malware incident from last year. Recent innovations like Oreo Thins Bites and Ritz Crisp & Thins have performed well. Our new innovation strategy is to start small experiment and bring brands to scale based on what we learn in the local markets. An example of this would be Trident White, which we launched in the few markets this May. We are encouraged by our progress in North America with expanding margins and improving trends in our U.S. biscuits business. However, there is still more work to do. Turning to AMEA. We continue to perform well across a number of key areas where we delivered volume growth and share gains. India continued its run of double-digit revenue growth supported by strong volume. Expanded distribution in traditional trade, successful innovation and strong execution have been driving market share gains, underscoring our market leadership in Indian chocolate. In China, we delivered mid-single-digit growth. We posted good results in biscuits and turned another good quarter of growth and share improvement in gum. Our eCommerce platform in China continues to grow, driven by gifting and personalization. In Latin America, we delivered mid-single-digit growth. Mexico led by strength in both biscuits and gum turned in solid results. And similar to many other companies, our Brazil business was meaningfully impacted by the trucker strike, which contributed to a high single-digit decline in revenue. While we are positive on a longer term outlook for Brazil, we do expect continued volatility for the remainder of the year. Over the past quarter, we also opened two state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities, one in the Czech Republic and one in Bahrain, both focused on servicing our emerging market growth. The factory in Opava, Czech Republic, which will manufacture brands like Oreo, belVita, Milka and Cadbury biscuits, is a great example of our strong commitment to building a positive impact for people and our planet. Operating as a zero waste to landfill facility, the plant uses as little energy and water as possible. The Oreo cookies that are produced here use sustainable cocoa sourced through our Cocoa Life program. And the wheat used in the biscuits is increasingly sourced through our Harmony program which promotes biodiversity and clean environmental wheat production in Europe. We are very excited about this program. And last month, we announced plans to expand our Harmony program to cover 100% of European biscuits by 2022. I also wanted to call out two important events that have happened since our last call. First, we closed the acquisition of Tate's Bake Shop late in the quarter. Tate's is a great fit with our portfolio of iconic brands. It expands our exposure to the fast growing premium cookie segment with an entrepreneurial theme that has created an authentic brand with truly delicious product. Tate's is off to a great start as part of Mondelz International, and we look forward to introducing this exceptional brand to even more consumers. Second, in early July, the Keurig Dr Pepper acquisition was completed. We have 13.8% ownership in that business. Our coffee investments have been good contributors to the company, and we'll talk more about them in our September Investor Meeting. Going forward, our focus remains on executing with excellence and finalizing our strategic review. We look forward to sharing more details regarding our plans with you at our Investor Day in September. Before turning it over to Brian, I want to extend my gratitude to him as he has been an invaluable partner since I joined the company. During his tenure, Brian's leadership and financial discipline has played a critical role in our journey to become the world's best snacking company. He has built a world-class financial organization, and I know that we are in great hands with Luca Zaramella assuming the role of CFO. With that, I'll turn it over to Brian to share more details on the quarter.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks, Dirk, and good afternoon. We delivered solid topline and bottom line results in the second quarter. We continued to see positive momentum in most of our markets and posted broad-based revenue growth across regions and categories. Organic net revenue increased 3.5% driven in large part by volume growth and balanced pricing. This includes approximately 160 basis points relating to three factors: the positive effect of lapping last year's malware event, the negative impact of the Easter shift into the first quarter and the negative impact from the trucker strike in Brazil during this quarter. Similarly, for the first half, our organic net revenue growth was 2.9% including approximately 100 basis points from the previously mentioned items. Both developed and emerging markets continued to perform well for us during the quarter. Our developed markets were up 2.5% in the quarter while our strong emerging market footprint continued to deliver for us, with organic net revenues increasing 4.7% with positive volume growth. On a regional basis for the quarter, Europe's organic net revenue increased 2.8% and was volume driven. We continued to deliver strong results in the region with notable growth in key countries like Germany and Russia which both grew double digits in biscuits and chocolate. AMEA grew 1.7% driven by double-digit growth in India and solid growth in China. This strength was tempered by a weaker Ramadan season in the Middle East and soft results in Australia. Latin America grew 3.8% with mid-single-digit growth in Mexico and currency driven pricing in Argentina. This was partially offset by the impact of the trucker strike in Brazil that lasted 11 days during May and early June which resulted in shipping delays and lost consumption. North America increased 5.7% which reflects the lapping of last year's malware incident. Growth was driven by solid biscuit results which were partially offset by weak performance in gum. We're encouraged with the progress in North America. But there's still significant work ahead and we expect to see gradual improvement in this region as we move forward. Now let's review our margin performance. We expanded adjusted OI margins by 130 basis points to 16.7%. Higher gross margins and continued SG&A improvements drove these results. Gross margins expanded due to net productivity, volume leverage and sequentially improving commodity costs as we expected. We continued to execute on our ZBB program while selectively investing in key growth activities in our SG&A spend. On a regional basis, gross margin expansion and cost execution drove margin improvements in three of four regions. Europe margins grew 110 basis points to 19.2%. North America increased by 130 basis points to 20.8% driven by volume leverage and lower SG&A. Latin America increased by 120 basis points to 15.4%. And AMEA declined by 40 basis points to 15% as a result of lapping a one-time property insurance recovery in the prior year. Moving to category highlights. The snacking category continues to demonstrate healthy momentum building on the past three quarters with growth of more than 3%. Year-to-date, our biscuits revenue grew 4.3% with strength in the U.S., France, Russia and China. Approximately 80% of our revenue grew or held share in this category. In chocolate, our business remains robust growing 4%. India and Russia delivered double-digit growth while Germany and UK delivered solid results. Approximately 60% of our revenue grew or held share in this category. Gum and candy grew less than 1% as the candy business posted low single-digit growth offset partially by soft but improving gum results. Gum declined in developed markets partially offset by mid-single-digit growth in emerging markets. About 40% of our revenue in this business gained or held share. Turning to earnings per share. We delivered another strong quarter of adjusted EPS growth increasing nearly 15% on a constant currency basis. These results were driven by solid volume-driven revenue growth, gross margin improvement and SG&A discipline. We returned approximately $1 billion in capital to shareholders during the quarter and $1.8 billion year-to-date. For the quarter, we repurchased $650 million in stock and paid more than $300 million in cash dividends. In addition, we announced an increase in our dividend of 18% today as we continued to deliver dividend growth that is greater than earnings. Our dividend is up more than 50% over the past three years. Turning to free cash flow. The second quarter was a solid quarter of cash flow generation for the company, driven by continued strong working capital execution and higher cash earnings. Year-to-date, we've generated $650 million in free cash flow which is approximately $900 million more than the first half of last year. Our team remains focused on delivering approximately $2.8 billion in free cash flow for full year 2018. Now, turning to our outlook for the year. We're encouraged by the category growth trends as well as our own revenue growth on a year-to-date basis. Both of these measures are better than our initial expectations coming into the year. On the other side, we see Brazil which represents about 6% of our revenue as more challenging than expected. Taking this into consideration, we're raising our topline outlook and now expect organic net revenue growth at the high end of our stated range of 1% to 2%. Looking ahead, I'd remind you that the comparisons in the second half are more challenging given category growth comparisons and the positive prior year impact of malware-related shipments. With respect to our adjusted margin, adjusted EPS and free cash flow commitments, we are maintaining our outlook for the year. Before I turn things over to Dirk to open it up for Q&A, I'd like to make a couple comments regarding the transition of my role to Luca who will assume the CFO position next week on August 1. I believe the company and our shareholders are in great hands with Luca as our new CFO. He has a strong track record of success over the past 20 years with the company and a deep knowledge of our products, markets, operations, competitors and customers. I've had the opportunity to work closely with him over my time at Mondelz and have incredible respect for his expertise and knowledge. I'm sure you will all enjoy working with Luca. I'll now turn it over to him to say a few words.
Luca Zaramella - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks, Brian. Good afternoon, everyone. It's a great honor and privilege for me to be the next CFO of Mondelz. I have a great belief in this company and I am excited to take on this role after over two decades of building my career working across the company. I've had the opportunity to see emerging and developed markets across Europe, Latin America as well as in North America in corporate. I'm happy to be working with Dirk and excited to enter the next phase of this company. I have personally learned a great deal from Brian and benefited from his leadership and counsel over the past few years, and I look forward to getting to know those on the call over the coming months and quarters. I'll now turn it over to Dirk for some closing comments.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks, Luca. Thanks, Brian. In closing, while we continue to see some volatility across a few emerging markets, we feel very good about the progress we've made in both developed and developing markets. Our business in Europe continue to perform well, and while there is more work we need to do in North America, we are working hard to drive improvement in the region and seeing progress. Developing markets across AMEA and Latin America have mostly improved over the past several quarters except for Brazil, which is expected to remain challenging over the near term. I am encouraged by the momentum that we are seeing in the business and with the strong first half results. We're making good progress with our strategic review and are looking forward to sharing this work in early September. And with that, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good afternoon, everybody. And, Brian, I want to wish you all the best going forward. It's been a real pleasure working with you, and Luca looking forward to working with you as well.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks, Brian.
Luca Zaramella - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thank you, Brian.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, I guess I have two questions relative to the revenue outlook balance of the year. First, I guess in North America, how much progress or how comfortable you feel now that you've got service levels back to the sort of levels that you'd expect going forward, meaning you've got back to full service levels? That is the first. And then, second, I guess, as we're looking over the balance of the year, I understand the Brazil piece is  it could be a little bit challenging. But it just seems like with the momentum in the category getting better and the momentum potentially set up for improvement in North America as we go forward that why not go above the high end of the range on the organic revenue growth guide?
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thank you, Bryan. I think you touched upon the two areas that, clearly, for the rest of the year require attention from our side. As it relates to North America, yes, we have made some progress. Our supply chain, which is one of the key things that we needed to work on and improve, has shown some good customer service results in the second quarter. And we're seeing some good momentum also from our DSD system. It remains, however, a system that still has a few old plants in there, which are a bit finicky, so we feel good, but we need to keep on confirming for the rest of year that we have things under control, so we're a bit cautious. At the same time, we do see an increasing momentum in the categories in North America and our share performance within that has been better in the sense that biscuits is accelerating and we have increased a little bit our share. And as it relates to gum, the category is doing better and our share decline has improved a little bit. So, yes, we are having a stronger topline. If you take out malware, we're now clearly in positive territory in North America. At the same time, for the remainder of the year, I would say that the comparisons are going to become more difficult because, as you will remember, the third quarter had a positive effect last year from malware, and just overall the comparisons become more difficult. So we feel good about our forecast for North America in the remainder of the year, and we want to see what next quarter brings us before thinking through if it should be higher.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah. And maybe about the total company, clearly, we are encouraged by the evolution of the topline over the last three quarters and, as we said in the opening remarks, quite pleased about the fact that it is broad-based both in terms of categories and regions. Also pleased by the volume and price balance that we see. And in general, as you saw, we are improving our revenue outlook for the year. In totality for the company, though, we want to remain thoughtful about the second half. There are still some elements of volatility in emerging markets, like Brazil, as we said. North America, good progress, as we've said but improvement is going to be gradual. And in terms of comparison, we're lapping higher growth in the second part of last year and also malware was a positive effect specifically in Q3 last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good evening, everybody, and all the best to you, Brian.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Wanted to follow up, Dirk, a little bit, I think you'd mentioned in the previous answer that the DSD system was starting to see some building momentum. And I'm just trying to get a sense of are there any, I guess, specific metrics that you can point to as of yet that sort of tell you that the company is starting to see maybe what could be a sort of sustainable or substantive advantage from having DSD vis--vis competitors that don't just because of all the malware issues? It seems that that's not obviously been able to be leveraged perhaps in a way that you'd like it to be over the last year.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yes, Andrew. Well, of course, the best measure for us is our share performance that this  what will give us the clearest measure. We also, of course, look at our customer service and things like out-of-stocks and so on and that is clearly improving for us. And I think also the fact that we are much more clear on our communication about the fact that we do believe in DSD and we think it can be a differentiator for us, that has caused us to get more confident in our themes (25:51). If we go a little bit deeper, the things we typically look at is the number of displays that we have, what's going on with our share of shelf. And there we see a clear improvement and clear increases. So those are the different factors that we look at to be able to understand how DSD is doing for us.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Thank you for that. And then, Brian, gross margin came in quite a bit better than we had modeled. Is part of that just that, I guess, the more positive mix effect from a stronger developed market performance in this quarter partially because of lapping malware as opposed to anything else because it sequentially improved quite a bit in terms of the year-over-year improvement?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah, Andrew. That's part of it. Up 60 basis points, we feel pretty good about it. And I think we've been saying it as we move through the year that we expected to see gross margins get a bit better and we still expect them to be up for the total year. I would say mix has been helpful. Net productivity and the supply chain execution actually was good in the quarter. Sequentially, we had commodities moving in the right direction. As we said we had hedges that we're rolling off, gave us access to lower priced cocoa. That was helpful sequentially. Dairy pricing, we've now pretty much got covered with pricing  or dairy increased inflation we have covered with pricing. And then volume leverage, I think, overall has contributed better absorption and better overall margin. So I think those are the key drivers. And as I said, we feel good about in the 70% commitment for the year that gross margins will still be up year-over-year, so good progress in the quarter.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks, Andrew.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Research.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey. Thank you and good evening. I wanted to ask about the non-Power Brands. I think in the quarter, you guys  but correct me if my math  because you don't actually print this on the slides, but I think maybe growth of the non-Power Brands was maybe a little bit less than 1%. Dirk, now that you've been with the company for a while, can you give us some comments as to what you see is the role of these non-Power Brands? Should they be kind of flattish or low growth? And do you need to invest more in them to get them moving? And then just kind of the final point on this question is, if the answer is not positive to some of those then perhaps some of these should be divestiture candidates, as they would enhance the revenue growth on the residual business. I'd appreciate your thoughts.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yes, David. I would say the  and this is a little piece of what we're looking for at the new strategy and we will talk more about it in September. But the way I look at it is we are a company that is composed of Power Brands, which are global brands that are clearly on trend and that are doing well and provides the majority of our growth. But we have also a number of other brands, largely local brands. And those you can indeed divide up in two categories. There's the ones that are quite lost that have potential. They can play in authenticity or a health and wellness role. And we probably have not invested enough in them. And that's one of the areas where we are trying to make the change. And then there is probably a number of them that are not as appealing and that really don't have a clear future. And yeah, we need to see what we need to do with those. You start to see already a little bit of that. Europe has started to shift some of their investments into some of those local brands and we're getting some good traction from that. So I don't think they're going to grow 3%, 4%. But to see them somewhere around 1%, maybe a little bit above that, on an ongoing basis, we would be quite happy if that is what these brands are going to do for us.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. And then one follow-up. On the emerging markets, I think if I read the data right, volumes were down. How concerning is this? And do you expect volume growth to be positive for the emerging markets in the second half?
Luca Zaramella - Mondelez International, Inc.: I think when you look at that, take into consideration the fact that in those numbers, there are a couple of drivers, one is Argentina, where clearly we price according to inflation and there is a volume implication there. The other one that came into play in the quarter, it is in the Philippines where we had to price for a beverage tax. And the pricing we took was quite high. It was around about 100%, so there was a volume impact. But we are quite pleased to see the likes of China, India, and Russia actually growing volume. And so in general, I would say, as you strip out some of the outliers I've just mentioned, we feel quite good with the volume momentum we see even in developing markets.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: And David, if you look at emerging in total, vol mix was positive, up 1% in the quarter.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much and, Brian, thanks for everything and good luck.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey. Good evening, folks.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hi, Jason.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hi, Jason (31:19).
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. I'll just echo the sentiment, Brian congratulations, and it's great to see you walk out on a high note with the company kind of humming overall.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thank you.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: In terms of the performance, it's great to see the sales accelerating. I know there's some noise in there. I think the disclosure in your slides, about 160 basis points of benefit this quarter on organic. Kind of dialing that back around 1.9%, I think for the quarter and for the year-to-date if we strip out that noise, which is relatively solid. But if we compare it to your end market growth of 3.1%, you're still lagging by around 100 basis points which is about where you've been lagging for the last few years. Yet you're showing your percentage of sales at least in snacks that are gaining or holding, materially improving 65%. We haven't seen that I think since maybe 2013. What's the disconnect with those two data points? Why is your market share number kind of getting better? I presume the answer is  because that 35% that's losing is substantial. And if so, what are some of the drags? And how should we think about their impact going forward?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah, Jason. It's Brian. I'll take it. And as you think about it, I think we sort of got the math at about 70 basis points disconnect between category growth and higher growth. And there's really two drivers. We are net-net still in aggregate losing some share. It's mostly in Brazil, U.S. gum contributes, and those are probably the two biggest. And then there's  as we talked about in the first quarter, there's an inventory trade reduction that played out in the North America business. Those are the two biggest drivers that would explain the delta. I'd say we feel pretty good about the fact that the share performance almost everywhere else in the world is actually improving and I think we see this gap closing over time.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Very good. That's helpful. You mentioned Brazil. Maybe you can elaborate a little bit more on there because as we listen to various companies, the messaging is kind of all over the place. So I'm suggesting it's better today than last year. So I'm suggesting it's still really choppy. What are you guys seeing in the marketplace? You kind of sound as somewhat cautionary note. Is that driven more by end market growth, more by market share? Can you just give us some more context and color around that?
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yes. I would say first of all Brazil is important for us as it probably is for some other companies too. It's about 6% of our revenue. And we certainly see heightened volatility. You had the truckers strike in this quarter, which has kind of thrown off the quarter, probably had about a $20 million impact on the topline. We think that was lost consumption as the product was not in the store and the consumer really couldn't get to the store. We don't think in a category like snacking that is going to come back. So that's going to affect the rest of the year. You've probably seen that the exchange rate also has started to move that is giving us some volatility. And there's also some social and political unrest in Brazil. So on the short term for the rest of the year, we're sort of expecting that the consumer confidence and the consumer behavior will be affected. And so we expect more disruption and bit of a difficult time for the second half of the year. On top of that, we have  and maybe we've reported on this a few times, we're doing quite well in biscuits and in gum. But in the chocolate markets, we've had some heavy competitive pressure. So we're faced with that also. Longer term, I think, yes, the observation that Brazil is doing better that the GDP is improving. And I would say probably over the midterm, we are more positive about Brazil. But I wouldn't dare to say that the second half of the year will already bring us a much improved situation.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Understood. Thanks a lot guys. I'll pass it on.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Okay.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. I guess I'll ask about the cocoa cost comment. You said that hedges rolled over, Brian, which was a benefit to gross margin in the second quarter. But we're all kind of looking at cocoa cost as being inflationary. I know you have hedges that protect you for a while and protect Mondelz for a while. So what's the outlook for when the costs start to get higher instead of lower for the margin profile?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah. Look, I think Rob it's moved around a little bit. I mean it's actually down a little recently. When you look at it in the scale of sort of a five-year cycle of where cocoa has been, it's actually pretty reasonably priced. And we feel okay with that and we've been locking in a little bit longer than we otherwise would given that dynamic. It's going to be slightly favorable for us in the second half of the year sequentially and year-over-year. And then first half of next year, it feels about the same based on what we have kind of in place already. So we're not really worried about where cocoa is. It hasn't moved a whole lot. I'd say dairy has come down a little bit. And if you look more broadly, not a whole lot of new changes to the commodity environment for us in terms of our key commodities. Crude oil has obviously moved up and that affects us in some parts of our supply chain. But we've got some long-term hedges in place there as well. So I mean as we said coming into the year, commodity's relatively benign year-over-year and I would say that's still the case. I would say, as you would have heard from several other companies, clearly, there is some building inflation pressure in some other parts of the supply chain. When you look at logistics and packaging and even labor costs around the world, I would say that's looking to be more inflationary as you move over the next couple of years. And that's something that as we look at the strat plan and start talking about how we plan the business, we're going to have to take into account. But as you look at 2018, I'd say relatively benign right now.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Can I ask you to opine on weak inflation also in your last conference call here as CFO?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Going forward or what we're seeing right now?
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: What you're seeing right now.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Not a big challenge for us.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Not a big challenge. Okay. Best wishes, Brian. Great working with you.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks a lot, Rob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hi, Chris.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And Brian, I'll add my congratulations as well. Wish you all the best.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: (38:31).
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I want to ask if I could  sure  about emerging markets and discussion before about volume being up in emerging markets. I'm curious if you took out Brazil, how much of weight was that on sales growth for the quarter? Emerging markets are still pretty solid, just a little below where they were in the first quarter. So I'm just trying to get a little sense of how that one market might've really distorted the data this quarter?
Luca Zaramella - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah. I think Brazil, clearly, was impacted by the trucker strike. We feel quite good about majority of the emerging markets. You look at Russia, Russia grew quite highly about 15% in the quarter. So it was quite a good number. We are gaining share. The categories are doing well. India the same, volume driven growth. China, mid single-digit growth. So, in general, as we look at developing markets, I think we feel quite good. So I would say that excluding Brazil and the couple of other markets, namely some markets in the Middle East, all the rest grew solidly in Q2.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yes.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And just a quick question if I could in relation to, some of the SG&A related savings, some of the benefit coming through to the operating margin, are those cost saving driven? I guess related to that, I'm curious if you're  are you moving some of your advertising dollars up to promotional spending still into (39:53) something you've done earlier in the year. I'm just curious how that's playing out and where you're investing those dollars.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah. I'd say two things. I mean we continue to work overheads and ZBB continues to deliver for us. We are reinvesting some dollars within overheads into some growth activities. And then A&C, I'd say A&C is down slightly in the quarter, and I'd say mostly timing related. As we've said, we expect the total year to be roughly flat with 2017, and we'll probably have some higher spending in the second half of the year.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer with RBC.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good evening, and all the best, Brian.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks, David.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Dirk, just a follow-up to your answer to Jason's question on Brazil. It sounded like the trucking strike hit your shelf presence and the comment was or at least part of this was that that would have a carryover impact to consumption, am I getting that right? And does that mean the trucking strike is hurting certain players, like Mondelz, more than others, meaning this is having a carryover effect to market share rather than just a category or a consumer issue?
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: No, no. What I meant is that during those 11 days, the consumer bought less product because on one hand there was less product available, on the other hand, since it was a massive issue, consumers didn't get to the store. Since we're in snacking and in foods market, if they don't have their cookies for today, they won't eat them and they won't catch up going forward. They will still consume going forward. But those 11 days, we probably have lost for the year. But there's no ongoing effect of consumption for us.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Shouldn't be an impact in the second half at all.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Got it. Thank you. And then just a follow-up on the comments you made about the Middle East and the weaker Ramadan season weighing on the India results. How much of the slowdown in the quarter was a transitory issue and what is your general outlook for that region? Thanks.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Well, I would say that if I look at AMEA overall, all the signs are very positive. For the first half, AMEA is up 2.7%. We have very good growth in India with double-digit. We have China, mid-single digits. South East Asia is also growing quite solidly. So it really boils down to the Middle East and Australia. Middle East, it has declined double-digits because of the category softness and also some of the economic conditions. The Middle East has been a tough region for us. For a longer period of time, a lot of the subsidies are gone and some of the competitors didn't price and so on. So on top of that, we were cautious with our Ramadan season. And so we see some effect of that. Australia also declined. That was due to Easter phasing, some challenging market conditions and increased competitive activity. I'm expecting Australia to come back. The Middle East, the softer Ramadan of course will not continue. But it's still a region where clearly consumer confidence and consumer spending is affected at the moment.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: And I think, David, we managed the Ramadan fairly well, I mean to the point where I don't see a carryover inventory challenge with how we manage through Ramadan. I think we were cautious coming into the season.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Strycula with UBS.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Two questions for me. One is a clarification on going back over Brazil. It's very clear that the consumption  the lost consumption for 11 days. But what I'm trying to get a better feel for is are you commenting that as a result of that strike, was your loss broader consumer confidence loss in that region that is impairing maybe out the door consumption trends for the remainder of the year along with politics and on a local and regional basis? Can you just clarify, if there's any broader underlying trend change for the consumer?
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah. No, I wouldn't say that I see a bigger effect on consumer confidence or consumer spending going forward. We do have a little bit of a devaluation, so that will affect consumer prices in Brazil. But apart from that, I think we remain cautious, but we do not see any signs that consumer offtake is affected in a major way. Of course, you have the elections that are coming up which causes usually some volatility, especially in the run-up to the election. So that's why we are a  for all those reasons, we are a little bit cautious at the moment. But at this stage, we don't see an effect on the consumer offtake.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Got you. And then getting back to a question that Jason English asked, to get to that end market, 3% category growth rate over the medium to longer term, does that require dipping into maybe some lower margin pockets of growth, lower ASP products to really capture that runway? Or do you not view them as mutually exclusive and if you fix the U.S. and fix Brazil that you should be able to find that runway and still be able to expand margins simultaneously? Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yes, yes. We don't see the  the first thing you mentioned, we don't necessarily see that as a must to get to that 3% growth. I think if we can get the U.S. closer to the market growth and the same in Brazil, we should be very close to the 3% market growth.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks, Steve.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good afternoon and thanks for the question. Brian, I wanted to come back to margins for a second and specifically gum and candy. And actually remember, Cadbury became pretty aggressive in attacking the overheads there prior to the acquisition. And now after owning the business for almost a decade, I also think you've done quite a bit in terms of getting the systems in back offices where they need to be. So can you just talk a little bit about how the cost structure benchmarks in the G&C business, where you see the opportunities for further margin expansion going forward and how we just think about the drivers there?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah. Look, John, I think the gum and candy business continues to be a very high margin business for us. And I think as we've looked at it over time, there are some elements of that business that have a higher cost structure. I mean it's a more intense go-to-market model. The route to market costs more. But as you think about the core gross margins of the business, it's still a very good business. And I think over time, as we've seen the growth slow and the category shrink in some cases, we have taken some costs out. And we've worked to try and maintain those margins. So, it is still a contributor to the P&L. It still drives very strong cash flow, and it's still a good margin business. And I think over time, we have continued to take more cost out, and it has benefited from a lot of the bigger cost reductions and G&A reductions that we've done across the whole company as well.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Going forward in terms of the SG&A, what are you seeing of the further opportunities there? I mean is it more on the outsourcing side with the sales function or...?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: For the whole company, John?
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah, just gum and candy.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah. Look I think that will be a topic that I know that Dirk and Luca and the team will talk to you about how we think about gum. It's still in some markets. It continues to be a pretty important element of our go-to-market capability and the scale that we have in those markets. So I think there's places where there are opportunities to grow. And as you know that business in the emerging markets, those guys continue to show growth for us. So continued growth in some of the emerging markets with high margins, that's a good thing. But you can expect to hear more about that I think in September with the team.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, Brian. All the best.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: All right. Thanks, John.
Operator: And at this time, we have time for one more question. The final question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good afternoon, everybody. Brian, best of luck to you and congratulations.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks, Ken.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And my question is just kind of layering on the last question was can you talk about the anecdotes or what you're doing in Europe to actually enhance the margins because  is it a closure of facilities, is there a utilization rate that you're actually improving, is it simple sourcing? It seems like there still is plenty of opportunity in Europe. So you can give  I know you don't want to go forward, but can you give some anecdotes and some history of where we're going with this and some of the examples of what you're doing?
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah, Ken. Look, it's  I think much of the agenda in Europe has been what we've talked about on a global basis, right. So supply chain reinvention, building capacity and capability with lines of the future that have lower conversion costs and more efficiency, we've obviously done that and added capability in Europe. We've also closed down some facilities and that's contributed as well. They have been as you've seen sort of the best example of a place where we've seen volume growth that's given us leverage in the P&L and that's helped the margins as well. Everything we've done with shared services and G&A reductions, Europe has done that too. So I think it's the broader global agenda coupled with volume growth and a good starting point from a competitive standpoint has really helped that business to shine. And as we look at the margins in the Europe business, they compare incredibly well to other peer companies in Europe and the team has done a very good job with that.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I agree with you. And I guess my point more than anything else is as the margins have expanded to the level they have and as you said they are exceeding your peers but it doesn't sound like there's really a limit or a near-term limit to them. Is that a fair way of thinking that or is there a reduction or a deceleration of margin expansion opportunities?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Well, I think there's a fair portion of that that's been the transformation of the company has contributed. So with a restructuring driven program that's taken a lot of cost out, we're obviously going to be in a different phase of the transformation and not have nearly the supply chain reinvention opportunity in a place like Europe. So I think the volume growth will continue to be the big lever point for them. And if we can grow on what is a competitive cost structure, I think you'll see margin expansion in Europe going forward.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. I really appreciate. Thank you, guys.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Well, I think we've reached the end. Thank you for dialing in. And again, I would like to thank Brian, wish him all the best. It was great to have him here, and as you can imagine, he's had a big impact on the performance of this company over the last four years. And I'm, of course, welcoming Luca and he's looking forward to work with all of you, and thank you for investing in the company.
Luca Zaramella - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks everyone.
Shep Dunlap - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the Mondelz International second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap - Mondelez International, Inc. Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc. Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Mondelz International first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelz management and the question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelz. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO; and Brian Gladden, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website, mondelezinternational.com/investors. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise noted. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thank you, Shep. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to say that 2018 is off to a good start. We have improving top line momentum, as well as continued margin and EPS expansion. Specifically, we delivered an organic net revenue growth of 2.4%, which was underpinned by positive volume growth and pricing. We also benefited from the timing of Easter and Chinese New Year. In addition, several of our Power Brands performed well, including Cadbury Dairy Milk, Oreo, and Milka. Each was up mid to high-single digit. On the bottom line, our adjusted operating income margin expanded to 16.7%, driven by lower SG&A costs and productivity savings, while the adjusted EPS increased nearly 10% at constant currency. We are also encouraged by snacking category growth, especially in emerging markets, where we generate about 40% of our net revenue. While we certainly have opportunities for improvement, we're moving in the right direction with competitive advantages that set us apart from many of our peers. First, we have a strong stable of iconic brands. Second, our geographic footprint is favorably balanced with about three-quarters of our revenues coming from outside of North America. And third, we maintain leading positions in snacking, where global category growth trends are improving. With these powerful assets, I remain confident that our company is well positioned to succeed. As I outlined at CAGNY in February, I believe the key to unlocking more value for shareholders is based on a couple of simple concepts. First, we need to put the consumer at the center of everything we do. That means we need to evolve our understanding of when and why consumers snack and how we best deliver on those needs. And second, we must execute with excellence every day. Over the past few years, our focus has been on significant margin improvement through restructuring. And as we've implemented changes, we have opportunities to improve how we function on a day-to-day basis. These two simple mandates are critical to delivering our 2018 plan. And they will underpin the strategic framework to deliver further sustainable growth over the long term that we will talk about in September. So let me now illustrate with a few examples from the quarter, where we're winning in the marketplace. I'll start in Europe, where we delivered excellent results in both biscuits and chocolates, driven by strong volume mix. Across the region, we continue to build our fast-growing chocobakery platform, which is up more than 20%. Chocobakery is a franchise that uniquely leverages our strength, because it lives at the crossroads between our iconic chocolates and biscuit brands. Combining Milka or Cadbury Chocolate with Oreo cookies or Ritz crackers is a consumer proposition that is hard to beat. In addition, our European team executed well on our Easter plans and expanded our gifting and premium platforms in many key markets. Switching to the UK, our chocolate business grew double digits. And here also, our chocobakery platform continued to shine, supported by the launch of Cadbury Freddo Biscuits. In Russia, our business was up mid-teens, with strong results both in biscuits and in chocolates. In fact, our chocolate business recently achieved the number one position in this growing market. It was fueled by recent Alpen Gold Dark and Milka Dark new product launches, which increased our market share by nearly 3 percentage points. I also want to highlight the great progress of our Cocoa Life sustainable sourcing program, which is especially important to many of our consumers in Europe. We know that as we grow our business, we can also grow the positive impact we have on people and on the planet, and Cocoa Life is a great example of doing exactly that. Cocoa Life is a holistic and integrated program that not only has helped to increase cocoa yields, but it's also helping farmers in cocoa communities achieve sustainable livelihoods. By the end of last year, we reached more than 120,000 cocoa farmers in nearly 1,100 communities in six origin markets. And what's more, 35% of our cocoa is now sustainably sourced. So just last week, we announced that our Milka brand in Europe will join Cocoa Life, with chocolate tablets displaying the Cocoa Life logo starting from August. Milka will now join other brands that contain sustainably sourced Cocoa Life cocoa, including Cadbury Dairy Milk in the UK and Ireland, Cte d'Or in Belgium and France, and Freia and Marabou in the Nordics, and Oreo cookies across Europe. In addition to Europe, our emerging markets also performed well this quarter, building on the positive trends from the second half of last year. Volumes increased and we gained market share in several important markets. And once again, India was a standout, with revenue up double digits behind strong volume gains. We also increased distribution across the country and coupled that with improved in-store execution and a number of successful new product launches, such as Cadbury 5Star and Lickables, which all drove market share gains. And the biscuit growth also continued to be strong, which was led by Oreo. In China, we delivered mid-single-digit growth, bolstered by improved sales execution, a good Chinese New Year, and strong results from our recent Oreo relaunch. In addition, China's e-commerce net revenues doubled in the quarter. This contributed to another quarter of healthy growth in our global e-commerce net revenues. They were up more than 40%. Southeast Asia delivered its tenth consecutive quarter of growth, up high single digits. It was led by a strong performance in Indonesia, driven by Oreo innovation and route-to-market expansion. And in Latin America, we delivered mid-single-digit growth in Mexico, led by strength in candy, while Brazil biscuits improved, driven by success in our chocobakery business with products such as our new Lacta cookies. However, these highlights were tempered by our performance in North America. We acknowledge the challenging dynamics in the market, as you're hearing from other CPG companies. But I would emphasize that we are bullish on the long-term strength of our North American franchise, and remind you that it represents only 25% of our net revenues. The fundamentals in the region got better last quarter, with positive volume growth and sequential improvements in biscuit consumption and market share. In fact, the demand for our brands was strong. That said, our supply chain has had challenges effectively meeting all that demand. And this along with our gum mix and overall trades destocking drove the weaker revenue in North America. As a consequence, higher operating costs are impacting our margins. I'm pleased to say the North American team is squarely focused on improving execution, and our customer service levels have significantly improved over the past couple of months. I would also note that we are starting to see the competitive advantage that our DSD system provides, and we are increasingly confident in its ability to contribute to share gains as our service levels improve. As we said in our last call, we expect gradual progress in North America to continue over the next few quarters. With that, I will hand it over to Brian to review our quarterly performance in more detail.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks, Dirk, and good afternoon. We're pleased with our top line growth in Q1, as we saw improved momentum across much of our business. Organic net revenue increased 2.4%, driven primarily by volume. Three of our four regions delivered solid profitable growth, with strength in Europe and AMEA. Our top line grew on a reported basis by 5.5%, as the benefits of a weaker U.S. dollar versus the euro and British pound are now providing a tailwind to our growth. Power Brand performance remains the driver of our organic net revenue growth, delivering a 2.8% increase, with strong results from brands like Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka, and Oreo. Continuing the trends we saw in the second half of last year, emerging markets performed well, increasing 5.5%, with a good balance of volume and pricing. Given this represents nearly 40% of our revenues, this is good news for us. On balance, we're seeing positive pricing for the global business. Increased prices in emerging markets are more than offsetting some negative pricing in developed markets. In Europe, minor price actions have helped contribute to good volume growth. And in North America, pricing is slightly down but consistent with the market dynamics we've seen for the past year or so. On a regional basis for the quarter, Europe's organic net revenue increased 4.7%. This volume-driven growth was broad-based, with strength in both chocolate and biscuits in the majority of the region. We did see a benefit from Easter phasing that will reverse in Q2, but the business is performing well. AMEA posted growth of 3.6%, with double-digit growth in India, strength in Southeast Asia, and solid results in China, which benefited from a good Chinese New Year and the timing of the holiday. Latin America grew 2.2% behind a mid-single-digit growth in Mexico, strength in Brazil biscuits, and currency-driven pricing in Argentina. North America declined 1.8%, driven mostly by trade inventory reductions and gum weakness. Now let's review our margin performance. We delivered a 20 basis point improvement in adjusted OI margins at 16.7%. These results were primarily driven by ongoing SG&A reductions. Gross margins were pressured by three key factors: unfavorable mix, primarily driven by gum weakness; higher commodity costs with benefits from lower cocoa pricing expected to positively impact our second half margins; and higher supply chain costs in North America. While the mix challenge will continue, the other two pressures should subside as we move into the second half of the year. These dynamics, along with our strong net productivity plans, give us confidence that gross margins will improve as we move through the year. On a regional basis, cost execution drove margin improvements in three of four regions. Europe margins grew 50 basis points to 19.2%, AMEA increased by 150 basis points to 16%, and Latin America increased 270 basis points to 18.5%. North America was down 210 basis points to 18.7%, as we incurred higher supply chain costs including freight and logistics inflation. Now let me provide some category highlights. The snacking category continues to show some encouraging momentum, building on what we saw in the second half of 2017. In fact, growth from snacking was approximately 6%. Adjusting for the timing of the Easter holiday season however, we estimate underlying consumption growth of approximately 3.4%. Our biscuits business grew 2.7% with strength in France, Brazil, Russia, and China, and positive growth in the U.S. Approximately 75% of our year-to-date revenue grew or held share in this category. In chocolate, our global business remained strong, growing 4.8%. The UK, India, and Russia all delivered double-digit growth in the quarter. Approximately 70% of our revenue grew or held share in this category. Gum and candy was flat, as the gum business remains challenged. About 15% of our year-to-date revenue in this business gained or held share. Turning to earnings per share, we delivered another quarter of strong adjusted EPS growth, up nearly 10% on a constant currency basis. These results were driven by interest cost favorability, the impact of share repurchases, and our operating performance. We returned more than $800 million in capital to shareholders in total. We repurchased $500 million in stock and paid approximately $300 million in cash dividends, as we increased our quarterly dividend by 16%. Turning to free cash flow, although Q1 is typically a negative cash flow period for us, driven by our business seasonality, we delivered positive free cash flow in the quarter. The improved cash flow was partially driven by the timing related to our year-end working capital balances. Our team remains focused on generating approximately $2.8 billion in free cash flow for 2018. Overall, we're maintaining our outlook for the full year. We're encouraged by our top line progress, as both our categories and our revenue growth are a bit better than we had anticipated coming into the year, but it's still early as this is just one quarter. However, we would say that the cost environment is tougher than we planned. That's especially true in North America, with the rest of our business well positioned on margins. We're still confident that our overall gross margins will improve as we move through the year, and we remain committed to delivering adjusted OI margins of approximately 17%, as well as double-digit adjusted EPS growth. You'll see in our presentation that we've lowered our view on the expected tax rate to the low 20% range for the year. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect top line growth to be higher than Q1, as we lap the negative impact of the malware incident from last year. I'd also remind you that the second quarter is seasonally more challenged in terms of margins. This year will be also impacted by continued commodity cost headwinds and cost pressure in North America. Given these dynamics, we expect Q2 adjusted OI margins to be sequentially lower than Q1, but in line with our expectations for how the year would play out. Now, let me turn it back to Dirk for some concluding remarks.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks, Brian. So, I would say Q1 performance was good. We saw improved category growth and consumption trends, and we had solid performance from our Power Brands. We're optimistic, but it's early in the year. And we still have work to do as we focus on executing on our 2018 plan with excellence. As it relates to the bigger picture, we feel encouraged about many of the trends we're seeing in some of our biggest markets outside of the U.S. With an international business that represents 75% of our net revenues, we believe we are well positioned to take advantage of these trends over the coming quarters. Before I conclude, I would like to update you quickly on the status of our strategic review. As I've told you a few times, we've taken a fresh outside-in look at everything we do. We want to best position ourselves to generate sustainable value creation in the years to come. We are making good progress with the process, and we remain on target to complete this work at the end of the summer. So we'll share more details with you at that time. With that, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good afternoon, everybody.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hey, Andrew.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hi.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. I was hoping we could start, I guess, with North America just because despite modest expectations coming in, it's probably the segment that was still weaker than most had modeled. I was hoping you could provide, I guess, a bit more detail on why, I guess, organic sales would have decelerated sequentially in the region, even though we're almost a year out from the initial sort of malware incident. And my sense that with respect to some  I think you made a comment around some inventory deloading, I guess that I was under the impression that that was harder to sort of get into a problem with, with a DSD organization, where there's not as much sort of inventory sitting around. So hopefully that'd be the first part of North America.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thanks, Andrew. Well, before I go a little bit deeper, I would like to say that we feel strongly about our North American business. We think it's well positioned for long-term profitable growth, and the reason that I'm saying that is, first of all, we are the number one player in the biscuit market. I think we have great brands with Oreo, Velveeta, Chips Ahoy!, we do have that differentiation from DSD, and we are improving our supply chain capability and performance, we're including recent investments. And we have new leadership in place with Glen Walter, and we are quite pleased with how much progress he's making in the operations. We do see the challenging environment. There are retailer pressures, as you know. There are changing channel dynamics, shifting more of the business into different channels, and everybody has talked about this higher logistics cost. But we've seen very positive signs as it relates to the consumer in the market. The spending is strong. The snacking categories have been improving. Our consumption is increasing above the market. And we see no real dramatic change in the pricing environment. So Q1, the pricing change is similar to the rest of 2017. So first of all, why is the top line growth negative still? The first reason is you have to see with mix. We have a mix between gum and biscuits mainly. And the gum business is still in decline. Secondly, the retailers are decreasing inventories. And the reason why we are also experiencing that is they're switching to automatic systems. So, our DSD group or sales force cannot necessarily influence that. And thirdly, the pricing, while similar in trend, is still going down roughly about half a percentage point. So, pricing-wise as I said, that's in line with what we've seen in the past years. But  and we also did some trade promotional spending in a few isolated spaces that had pretty good returns on it. And we're seeing as a consequence biscuit consumption and share improvement, so our consumption is up in the market. We don't quite yet see that in revenue because of what I was explaining.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: So those are largely the reasons I would say that we still are seeing that lag in our revenue.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. One for Brian as a follow-up would just be, I think on the last call, you had mentioned that your expectation would be that overall gross margin would expand for the full year. Would that still be your expectation? Obviously, I think it would be more second-half loaded at this point, but would that still be a reasonable expectation? And if so, kind of what's the key driver there?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: It is, Andrew. We still expect that. We fully expected lower margins in the first half as we built our plans and rolled them out. In the quarter, what I would say the drivers of gross margin were we had some unfavorable mix, and Dirk talked about gum on a global basis. That's one of the challenges, it's higher profitability, as you know. I think that'll continue. That's a headwind that we knew about coming into the year, and it's about what we expected. Commodity cost is really a timing challenge given the hedge positions we had, given inventory levels in cocoa especially, but also in dairy and packaging. And as you know, we've been raising prices in the cheese business because of dairy inflation. And we'll begin to sort of lap or get ahead of the inflation in the second quarter. And then the higher supply chain costs in North America. And again, as Dirk said, I mean, I think we believe we'll see sequential improvement there as we work on supply chain cost as we get ahead of freight inflation that you're seeing across the business. So, I'd say the biggest driver is the expectation. And frankly, we know it, because of where we are in hedge positions. But commodities in the second half will be significantly better than the first half, and then again, getting ahead on supply chain costs in North America. And we're making progress there and we feel good about that. So, maybe another way to think about gross margins, I'd say, on an aggregate total global basis, pricing, net productivity, and volume leverage were contributors to improving gross margins. So they helped gross margins in the quarter. And then the mix and commodity costs were pressures to gross margin in the quarter. And even though net productivity was a help and positive, it was lower than expected because of the North America dynamic. So...
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: ...we do see that gross margins should improve sequentially as we move through the year, and for the total year, we still believe they should be up.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great, thanks to you both.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good afternoon, everyone.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hi, Bryan.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I just wanted to ask about you had very good margin expansion in Latin America and AMEA. And I'm assuming some of that is because you had good organic net revenue growth. You had some volume leverage, sales leverage. But can you just talk about the factors there that are sort of helping to improve the margin? And maybe as we're thinking about going forward, was there something about the first quarter that was just unusually favorable? Or if you continue to sort of taste that similar sort of organic sales growth, would we expect that type of margin expansion through the balance of the year?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Bryan, I would say in general, volume is helpful in margins, and it was  it's good to see some volume growth back in the business. I think when it gets down to it, it's really about executing on that productivity, executing on our net  our SG&A programs across the company, but especially in these markets. As you know, some of our supply chain work has been  it was initially more focused in the developed markets, in the latter stages, was more in AMEA and Latin America. And you start to see some of that really begin to benefit the business, and we expect some of that to continue. So, I think the volume was good. And obviously, there's a bit of a benefit from Easter and some timing and phasing in the quarter, but that is a help to the P&L and a help to the margin rates.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you. And just one quick follow-up to Andrew's question, consumption in North America was up in the first quarter. Could you just give us a sense for where consumption was versus sort of your organic net decline?
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: The biscuit category was up 2.2% in Q1. That's about 1.2% higher than in Q4, and we held share and our consumption increased by 2.5%. So contrast that with our decline of 1.8% in our revenue.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good afternoon, everybody. Dirk, I'm sure one of the things that you were looking at in your strategic review is what to do with some businesses that perhaps are not core or may be not contributing to growth. And as we look at gum, it's been in freefall, I hope that's not too strong a term for this company, for years now. It's really only brought up on earnings calls when explaining why North America isn't doing maybe as well as expected. And so it's almost an afterthought, it feels, to at least some of us on the outside. What would it take for Mondelz to keep this business rather than divesting it? And if it does decide to keep it, what needs to happen to turn this business around, because it feels like it's been a challenge for the company for so many years at this point?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: I'll take it, Ken. I'd say, as you see in the quarter, it's down low single digits for the company. We're not seeing signs of improvement in developed markets. We've tried, obviously, innovation, and we've taken some cost out of the business. We've invested in advertising and consumer spending. Emerging markets, the gum business is actually up high single digits with volume-based growth, and there's some good markets like Turkey, Brazil, South Africa that are contributing to that in a good way. So there are some pockets of improvement that we feel pretty good about. It is  as you would know, it's relatively small. It's about 7% of revenue now. Obviously, good profit margins, and I think one of the challenges is, it gives us scale in some important markets. And as we think about the strategic decision or what we might do in the long term, we obviously have to consider that. There would obviously be stranded costs. There's obviously a short-term dilution associated with the transaction. So, I think it's one where it's obviously going to be one of the topics that we spend some time on as we do our strategic work, but again, it's in the short term. I think you'll see some innovation in a few markets this year. I think we're generally optimistic about some of those. We're taking actions to reduce the cost structure, given the growth profile. And as we've talked about, we continue to shift resources, focus to candy and to mints, which I think are obviously markets that are growing faster and have equally attractive margins for the business. So it's a complex process, and I think it's one that we are working on.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's very helpful. Thank you, Brian.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good evening, everybody, so two quick questions. The first one, you mentioned that the snack category is now reaccelerating, which is encouraging. Could you give us some color on where and maybe why that's happening? And then I guess the second question is, you're expecting a strengthening of the top line next quarter, and yet you've kept the guidance for the full year for organic revenue growth at 1% to 2%. Are you actively expecting a deceleration in the back half, perhaps against tougher comps, or are you just being cautious at this point? We'd just love to hear some commentary about whether there's something in the back half that might make that tougher. Thank you.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thank you, Alexia. I'll do the first part and then Brian will take the second part of your question. So overall, the snacks category improved by 3.4% in the first quarter, and that excludes the Easter timing. In the second half, the comparison will be a little bit more difficult because last year, we already saw an improvement of the category in the second half. So we are pretty thoughtful about our targets and the top line. We need to see North America stabilize. And as I said, the market there also is showing some acceleration. As I look at the world as it relates to snacking, I would say that the emerging markets are continued and accelerated. They are now growing high single digits. And then the developed markets also are now low single digits, but also an improvement versus 2017, so we see it a little bit across the board. Europe had some very strong growth, the U.S., as I talked about. We also saw good results in China. We saw India doing quite well, Mexico, as we talked about. So it's sort of, at this stage, a trough developed in emerging markets that we are seeing the improvement of the growth of the snacking market.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Alexia, on the total year outlook as it relates to revenue, I think we are obviously maintaining our outlook for the year at 1% to 2%. I'd say we would acknowledge some potential upside to the top line if the trends that we're seeing continue. As Dirk just talked about, category growth rates and our top line trajectory are both a bit above what we would have expected. But we want to really watch the global category growth as we normalize for Easter and move through Ramadan. And then our North America business, we want to stabilize that as well. So I think to your question around the second half, I think the second half, it won't be negative. I think we will see positive growth in the second half, and we'll lap, as we said, a little bit more challenging comps in the second half. So in general, we're just being a little bit thoughtful and maybe prudent on the top line, and we'll look at it as we move through the year.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great, thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, good evening.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hey, Chris.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. I just had a question for you, a bit of a follow-on. In terms of this quarter and the benefit from Easter, how much of that  can you give us an idea of how much some of that shifts between 2Q and 1Q around that phenomenon?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: For our revenue, it's in the range of about 50 basis points that moves from  that you would adjust the first quarter growth by.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, that's great. Thank you for that. And just a follow-up question then on, there was a comment about the timing of SG&A spending. So just a general question about SG&A and the degree to which there are some savings in there. But certainly, that was depressed a bit for any reason in the quarter, so I'm curious about that. And then how you balanced promotional spending and A&C spending in the quarter, was there a move more towards promotional spending versus A&C? I was just curious how that balance went for the quarter.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Look, I think we put some trade promotional spend in play in both North America and in Europe. You would have seen that's one of the contributors to the pricing dynamic. I think we feel pretty good about, as you look at the consumption results in both of those regions, that it seemed to pay back good returns, and we'll continue to look at that. I'd say on A&C, no real change to our posture. I'd say on the total year, we expect to be about flat. I think it looks a little down in the first quarter, and that's mostly driven by phasing of how we would have booked those costs over the last year in 2017. So I'd say relatively flat on A&C and a little bit more on trade promotional spend, and you saw how it played out in consumption in the top line.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thank you for that.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: You got it, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, thank you. Hey, Dirk, I guess two questions. One was, I think you made a comment that Glen Walter was making progress at Nabisco and that you were pleased with the progress. Can you give me some more specifics as to what he's  like the top two or three things that he's focused on? That would be helpful. And then also, I think there's a comment here that delivery and service costs will start to ease in the second half of the year. Can you give me a sense of what's driving that easing of pressure? Thanks.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yes, so it started really with the malware disruption last summer, which threw us off, and we were several weeks without really having a clear view on where our inventory was and how much we were selling to our clients. On top of that, we've had issues in our North American plants as it relates to waste. We were having too much waste, and so they were not really running as expected. Then the third thing that came in there is that we saw, as I mentioned, the demand increasing. So those three factors were the ones that influenced us at the end of last year and also still in the beginning of this year. We're returning to good service. We're back where we should be. We also have reestablished normal inventory. We did that by incurring extra costs. So things we have to do was increase manpower but also go into more over time just to make sure that we assured the right service, we had the right inventories, and we have solved our system problems. The issue that we had with our clients at the end of last year resulted in some returns and a charge of some allowances since we didn't provide the right service into the first quarter of this year. And then on top of that, you've seen the higher freight and logistics cost that we talked about. So we're back, but the costs are still there. They're improving. We still need to get our plant performance under control. So, when I said that Glen is doing well, the first thing that he was focused on is make sure that we get our customer service back in line and that we are delivering what we should be delivering, which is happening. The second thing he is doing is focusing on our performance in our plants and making sure that we get that improved. And the third thing that he is working hard on is to make sure that our plans, as it relates to our brands, are clear, and that we assure an excellent execution during the rest of the year. So those are the three things that he's working on. He's very operationally-oriented, and I can clearly see the progress we're making.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And what's driving the cost improvement on service and freight?
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: The cost improvement on service and freight, well, the one thing that we will certainly do is improve our performance and our waste in our plants. The freight and logistics, we are working on negotiating better using private shipment as much as we can and switching to rail, but we will still see an effect of the cost of freight and logistics.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, thank you.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great, thank you and good evening.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hi, David.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hey, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Wanted to ask a little bit more about Europe. Organic revenue is up very strong in the quarter, but I don't think you said what the Easter impact was in Europe. I think you answered Growe's question and said it was about 50 basis points to the full company in the first quarter comes out of second quarter. But specifically to Europe, can you quantify that number? And then really where I want to go with this is I want to just understand that 4.7% and how you think about the kind of ongoing growth rate in Europe.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yes. So the organic net revenue growth that we saw in Europe was close to 5%. We saw an Easter effect in there, so I would say that we are in low-single-digit as it relates to our real growth. The volume and mix continues to be quite solid, and so we also continued to gain share in several of our markets. And the reason why that is happening is that we are having solid execution and we're having very good growth opportunities in particularly in two areas. One is this segment that we call chocobakery, which is sort of in between our chocolate and our biscuit brands, and that is growing over 20%, and seasonals, where we are every year executing better on our seasonal range. And so that has driven a margin expansion of about 50 basis points. Obviously, if you dive a little bit deeper, it's the chocolate category, which is doing or growing better than the biscuit category, although we're very happy with our biscuit performance, too, we've seen quite good volume mix there. That category is now high-single-digit growth. If you exclude Easter, we are probably mid-single-digit, and our share is increasing, particularly in the UK, which is our biggest market, but also in a market like Russia, for instance.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah, David. As you would expect, Europe is our biggest region impacted by Easter, and it's in the range of 2.5 points of the growth was driven by Easter.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And that just comes straight out of the second quarter for modeling purposes?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. One last for me, it's just on the inflation. Can you quantify, Brian, your expectation for inflation for 2018? And then, I think I heard you right that you said cocoa would actually be favorable in the back half of the year. Can you marry that up with the spot cocoa market and the very dramatic inflation that we see in cocoa prices?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah. So in terms of commodities in general, I mean, as I said, they were unfavorable versus the prior year in the first quarter. Most of that came from higher dairy, higher packaging costs. And as we said, one of the drivers of our gross margin weakness was this dynamic. We've been pricing for the dairy inflation, and again, we get through that as we're getting through the middle of the year. As it relates to cocoa, our all-in cost for the first quarter net of hedges was up from versus the prior year, so that would be different than obviously what you see in the spot market. And that's driven by hedges that we've had in place from last year, and obviously inventory we entered the year with. We do see the cocoa costs helping in the second half, but it's still a little bit of a challenge in the second quarter given hedges, again, that were put in place last year, so wouldn't necessarily match up with what you see in the spot market. So, it's really all about the timing of when we put hedges on, and we've got pretty much the rest of the year locked, and we know what that is, and we know it's going to be favorable year over year and favorable sequentially.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Very helpful. Thank you, I'll pass it along.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon, thanks for the question.
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hey, John.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hi, John.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Dirk, I wanted to ask you about chocolate. The market share performance is 70% where you're holding or gaining. I think it's the best you've had dating back to the Mondelz-Kraft days. So can you speak a bit more to what's underpinning this between normalized price gaps, new distribution, maybe the new innovation? And then with the new innovation, which is presumably at a positive mix, is the portfolio's complexion changing to an extent where you can preserve these market share gains as you go to the next upswing in cost inflation and pricing?
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yes, so obviously, Europe is our biggest chocolate market. And in relation to the question before, I've gone through that. So pricing was pretty good for us as it relates to chocolate. The category itself, as I talked about, grew about 11.9%. If you exclude Easter, we think it's probably 5%, and our revenue growth, which, of course, has a lag versus the consumption growth, was around 5%  4.8%. So yes, it is true that this is probably our highest maintaining and/or increasing share, which was 65% in Q4. I would say the reasons. I need to go a little bit around the world to give you the reasons why that is happening. In the UK, we have very strong execution. As I talked about in the previous call, we're sponsoring the Premiership. We launched a new campaign, and we've seen share increases there. So we feel that that is something that is going to continue. We've repositioned the brand, and that seems to be working quite well for us. If I go to India, which is another big chocolate market for us, where we have two-thirds of the market, our shares are increasing quite strongly there. And that is a mixture of new launches that we've done, something called 5Star 3D or some new varieties on our Silk, which is our premium range. We're also getting some traction on a product we call Lickables, which is a combination of chocolate and a toy. And we're also expanding our distribution there because of the potential that we still have in the traditional trade. So that's giving us double-digit increases. If I switch to Russia, which is another big chocolate market, there we're also are gaining several share points. That is driven by the launch of two brands of dark chocolate at the end of last year, Alpen Gold and Milka. So just like in the UK and India, I would think that the Russia momentum is also going to continue. And then we have  and another big market is Australia for us, again, more than 1%, almost 2 share points gain. There, I would say it's driven by strong Easter execution. It's probably not that repetitive. I think we just executed well, and the market there is doing well for the first part of the year, where in general it's a slower market. And then the other big market that we have but there we are losing share, that's in Brazil, because there's very aggressive competitive promotions. The category is growing largely by price increases, but there we have lost some market share. And that's the only market of the big chocolate markets where we are present that I would say that we are losing share. And in the others that I talked about, I do believe we have momentum and that we will be able to maintain that for the rest of the year.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah, John.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: I would just say if you look over the last two years, maybe two and a half years, we've been pretty close to 60%  70% gaining, holding and gaining share mostly in this category. So once we lap the pricing that was required with the last round of cocoa inflation three years ago, I think we've been in great position and we've seen good momentum in chocolate across the board.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great, thanks for that, and, Brian, just a quick one on gross margin outlook. Is there anything that's impactful for you in 2018 in terms of transactional FX?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Not really for the most part. As you would expect, we have our exposures hedged on the transactional side and most of the year is already locked in. So it's incorporated in our outlook, and I'd say it's relatively minor.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for your time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks, good evening. I don't want to beat the dead horse on chocolate in Europe in particular, but you mentioned that your cocoa inputs were going to be down the second half. We see commodity prices for cocoa up lately, up significantly or kind of bouncing from the bottom. Are you in a position to be taking perhaps less price than the competition, perhaps not having to lead in your pricing like you did in the past, and perhaps in a good spot with your own contracted costs?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Look, we're not going to get into specifics around what we might do on pricing, David. I think again, we feel like we're in a good position in terms of our cocoa costs as we look at least the rest of this year. I think as you see, we're managing the chocolate business for growth right now. But again, we feel like we've got the right cost position, and we'll manage that as we go through the year, but nothing specific on pricing.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And, Dirk, you've talked about executing with excellence, and I think people have in their mind the U.S. DSD in the wake of the malware issue as an area of potential improvement in the near term. But you probably are talking about some other potential wins there, some other areas of near-term improvement that you have in mind. What other areas would you point to for an opportunity there?
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: I would say, in general, it's the shift in focus that we are going to go through as a company, where in the last three, four years, we have been very focused on our margin improvement. And we've restructured, we've closed plants, we've revamped our organization, we went through MBS. And so that takes a lot of energy in a company. And we've done well, but now we're getting to the end of that, and so we are  as a company, we see the potential now to really start focusing more on the relationship with our clients, the execution in the stores, and so on. So that, I would say, is one of the biggest shift. As I think about other area that is, for us, possible, one of the areas that I talked about is waste. We have a lot of waste in two areas, in the plants, mainly in North America, but also commercial waste, meaning that we have inventory that we need to destroy sometimes or we don't execute as well on the plans that we had, and that leads to some lost of opportunities. So, that's another area where I would expect us to do much better going forward. And then in general, in emerging markets, it's a game of gaining distribution and being excellent in thousands of stores. And that is sort of a day-to-day execution, you almost have to do it like an army, and we are  continue to increase our focus on that. And India, as an example, shows that if we do that well and we compare it with increase of distribution, that we can have quite some progress from that. Those would be three examples of where I see excellence in execution really coming through.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much. Dirk, I just had a question regarding Power Brands versus non-Power Brands, and I think specifically, I've heard you say before as you go through the strategic review like there may be areas and brands where you might want to lean into a little bit per se that maybe aren't your larger Power Brands. And I'm just curious, is that  I guess the direct question is like why does that logic work if your Power Brands continue to outgrow your non-Power Brands, number one? And number two, if a large amount of the capital allocation we've seen over the last three years restructuring program goes into these lines in the future, why not scale back some of the kind of secondary, tertiary brands and just go all Power Brands?
Dirk Van de Put - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah, I would say by deciding on focusing on the Power Brands, what we've done is we've distorted some of the spending. And so internally, our portfolio now, you've on one hand the Power Brands, which are doing well, but we have also the non-Power Brands, which are probably declining more than they would if they would get a little bit of support. And some of these, and I would probably call it the tail brands at the moment, that category, we can still split up various brands that are really old, and it's difficult to revamp them. There's other brands, which are usually very important in the different countries around the world that we have, and that because of our focus on Power Brands, we have neglected a little bit. And those brands still have a lot of potential, and what we want to do is reshift a little bit more of the spending of the Power Brands back into these, what I would call, local heritage brands, and where we have done that modernizing the packaging, modernizing the communication, using much more digital, we have seen quite interesting growth. And so as a consequence, we're starting to see a little bit of better growth coming out of that group of brands. So we're expecting to explore further that direction. It still will mean that we are going to remain very focused on our Power Brands, but we believe that there are ways in which we cannot have the same decline in the rest of the portfolio and get some growth out of some of the brands there. And the overall mix we see is going to be better if we do that.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Very helpful. And then a quick one for you, Brian. In terms of the KDP transaction, I think you mentioned before that it should be somewhat accretive. Is that baked into your guidance for this year? Or should we expect accretion from that transaction on top of current guidance, whenever that deal closes? Thanks.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah. Look, we said it's accretive in the first full year, which, as we expect that, that would be half of it this year, half of it next year. I would say, it's immaterial to the current outlook. It's not that much of an accretion that you would see it in the numbers, but it is slightly accretive.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Super. Thanks so much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation, and ask that you please disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-31 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap - Vice President, Investor Relations Dirk Van de Put - Chief Executive Officer Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Andrew Lazar - Barclays Ken Goldman - JPMorgan David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Jason English - Goldman Sachs Alexia Howard - Bernstein David Driscoll - Citi Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Mondelez International Fourth Quarter 2017 Year End Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our CEO; and Brian Gladden, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which are available on our Web site, mondelezinternational.com/investors. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the Company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise noted. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Dirk.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Shep. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. This is an important moment at least for me since it is my first earnings call as CEO. I am honored to lead Mondelez, and I am excited to be with you today. Mondelez is a great company with iconic brands many competitive advantages and a very strong team. We have a simple yet powerful purpose and vision for the company, which is to create more moments of joy by building the best snacking company in the world. And I look forward to make that happen; for the benefit of all our stakeholders, consumers, customers, community, collogues and you, our shareholders. Today, I'll share my thoughts on our performance in 2017 some of my early impressions and the priorities Ive been focused on during my first 60 days. I'll also share some perspective on our outlook for 2018 before I turn it over to Brian. Overall, I would call 2017 a solid year. We delivered another strong year on the bottom line. Our adjusted operating income grew by 130 basis points and adjusted EPS was up by 15%. This was achieved largely through a strong operating performance. On the top line, our organic net revenue grew 0.9%. And while that was in line with our latest outlook, we know we can do better. Three of our four regions Europe, Asia, Middle-East and Africa and Latin America, each delivered solid profitable growth. Our emerging markets are improving and we exited 2017 with the brick countries gaining some momentum. In North America, the June Malware into that has significant negative effect on our results for the year. Going forward, we remain focused on improving our performance in this region. Our Power Brands continue to deliver strong results, our biscuit business is solid and our chocolate franchise is growing well around the world. We also returned $3.4 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. So all-in-all, it was a solid year for us given the environment. But we are not satisfied and we know we still have a lot of work to do to get to a stronger path of sustainable growth of both the top and bottom line. It's encouraging to see that we exited the year with an increasing momentum, as our organic revenue grew 2.4% in the fourth quarter. So we are cautiously optimistic we can carry some of that momentum forward in 2018 that, given the strength of our global portfolio, our focus on execution, improving currency and also commodity market trend. So let me turn to my priorities and opportunities ahead of us. When I became CEO in November, I established three immediate priorities. The first pretty obvious, get to know our business, our consumers, our clients and my colleagues. The second, we have to execute our 2018 business plan with excellence. It is the last year of our current strategic plan and so we want to finish the job. And third, lead the comprehensive review to develop a new strategic framework for the next three to five years. As a consequence during the past two months, I've traveled the world meeting with customers, colleagues, suppliers and investors. I have visited all four of our regions, eight of our 10 biggest markets and I plan to continue to visit critical markets in the months to come. I spent that time mainly listening and observing to be able to lead this business with knowledge and to drive that new strategic plan. I've been very impressed by the power of our brand in so many local markets and how committed our colleagues are to winning in the marketplace. My visits have confirmed my belief that our company is uniquely positioned to differentiate itself based on our brand leadership across major snacking categories. Through our attractive geographical exposure, especially in emerging markets, our strong innovation capabilities and a continuous innovation of our assets, we will be able to drive solid growth, both on the bottom and the top line. As you know, we have made excellent progress on margins. We have delivered an improvement of 600 basis points since 2013. Going forward, we're well positioned to benefit from improving market dynamics. We will leverage our competitive advantage to also accelerate our top line growth. It's early, but we are seeing some signs of category improvements in some markets. However, we do have a lot of work to do. We must continue to evolve to meet today's fast changing consumer expectations. We have to be more innovative, forward looking and fast moving than ever before. And we'll have to combine that with excellent execution in each of our markets. And all of that must be done while remaining obsessed with our cost structure in order to stay competitive. Therefore, we're thoroughly evaluating our business to refresh and evolve our growth framework. For me, this deep dive is an essential step to develop the right plan that drives sustainable growth and shareholder value. We will share a little bit more of our approach through the strategic review at CAGNY in a few weeks. But please keep in mind that we still in the initial phase of that review. We expect to complete this highly important work by the end of the summer, and we'll provide more detail at that stage. In the meantime, we remain very focused on executing our 2018 plan. As we think about our outlook, I want to make a few points before I hand it over to Brian. Overall, we expect our top line trajectory in 2018 to improve over 2017. Our category has improved in the second half, but were taking a balanced approach to our outlook this year. As such, we expect our organic net revenue to grow between 1% to 2%. As I mentioned before, the only region that hasnt been performing in line with our expectations is North America. They have a dynamic in a competitive retail environment so solid execution is key. And since the Malware incident last summer, our supply chain execution has been challenged. While we are making progress, returning to normal service levels is taking longer term than anticipated. We do know what needs to be done. And as such, our performance is gradually improving, but we do expect it will take a few quarters to seek all systems improvement in this business. On the margin front, we remain committed to further expansion and expect to deliver an adjusted OI margin of approximately 17% in 2018, including the impact of pension accounting changes. We do expect that 2018 will be another year of double-digit EPS growth at constant currency, which sets us apart from others in the industry. And before I turn it over to Brian, I want to make a couple of comments on the Keurig Dr. Pepper transaction that was announced this Monday. We are excited to participate in this opportunity as we are significant shareholders in this new company. And we are pleased with our ongoing partnership with GAP. We see these as a compelling new platform with the potential for significant admission of value creation for us. Brian will take you through the details in his remarks. And with that, I'll turn it over to Brian.
Dirk Van de Put: Thanks, Dirk, and good afternoon. We're pleased that we delivered another strong year of margin expansion and double-digit adjusted earnings growth, but were not satisfied with our top line growth. Let's start with our revenue performance. Organic net revenue growth for the year was 0.9%, which included a negative 40 basis points impact from the June malware incident. Second half growth was more than 2%, as our Power Brands, emerging markets and overall category growth rates have picked up. Power Brands performance continued to be a key driver of our growth, delivering more than 2% for the year. Emerging markets revenue increased 3.6% as we see improving fundamentals across an increasing number of markets, such as India, Russia, Southeast Asia and Mexico. In addition, our ecommerce business continues to perform well, as we grow net revenue growth of more than 40% for the year. Our progress in 2017 supports our commitment to have $1 billion ecommerce business by 2020. In the fourth quarter, we grew 2.4% as we move beyond the impact of the malware incident and we lapped the prior impact of demonetization in India. For the quarter, our results were driven by continued growth in our Power Brands and emerging markets of 3.7% and 6.3% respectively with positive volume growth for both. On a regional basis for the year, Europe revenue increased 1.3%, driven by growing volume and good results in both chocolate and biscuits. AMEA revenue grew 2.7% with exceptionally strong growth in India, as well as solid results in Southeast Asia and Australia. Latin America grew 3.5% behind mid single-digit growth in Mexico, strengthened Brazil chocolate and currency driven pricing in Argentina. Our North America revenue declined 2.4% as we saw challenges in our biscuits business, resulting from malware related losses, a tough operating environment and mixed execution. While we've seen some areas of positive progress in our DSD share gain plans, our service challenges have kept us from realizing all the gains we expected in the U.S. biscuits business during the year. That said, we are addressing our service challenges and we continue to believe our DSD system is a competitive advantage. Now, let's review our margin performance. We executed well during another year of adjusted OI margin expansion, growing 130 basis points to 16.3%. We've now delivered 600 basis points of margin growth over the past four years. Our 2017 results were driven by strong net productivity and lower SG&A. As we delivered this margin improvement, we continued investing in growth programs, funding our white space launches and with total AMC spending of approximately 9% for the year. This is down slightly in aggregate but up in several priority markets. Gross margins were down slightly for the year as commodity pressure and select trade investments offset strong productivity. We're still expecting gross margin expansion will be a contributor to our 2018 OI margin growth, which I'll discuss in our outlook. On a regional basis, strong net productivity and cost execution drove margin improvements in three of four regions; Europe delivered a strong year of margin expansion, posting an increase of 160 basis points to 19.7%; AMEA increased by 140 basis points to 13.1%; Latin America increased 260 basis points to 15.5%; and North America was down 10 basis points to 20.1% as select trade investments and lower revenues limited margin growth. Now, let me provide some category highlights. Snacking category growth finished the year at 2.1% with the second half performing better than the first, while our overall share results were mixed. Our biscuits business grew 0.8% for the year with strength in the UK, Germany, and Southeast Asia. This was offset by weakness in the U.S. Approximately 30% of our year-to-date revenue grew our held share in this category. And excluding North America biscuits, about 80% of our revenue grew our held share. In chocolate, our global business was strong, growing 5%. Highlights included exceptional growth in India, as well as solid results across Europe and Brazil. In addition, the impact of the first full year of our chocolate expansions in China and the U.S. was an important contributor to growth. Approximately 65% of our revenue grew or held share in this category. Gum and candy declined mid single-digits as the gum category continued to face headwinds. About 15% of our year-to-date revenue in this business gained or held share. Turning to earnings per share. We delivered full year adjusted EPS of $2.14, up 15% on a constant currency basis, primarily driven by strong operating performance, as well as good results from our coffee JVs. 2017 was another year of substantial return of capital to our shareholders. We returned $3.4 billion in total and we repurchased $2.2 billion of shares in part from proceeds related to several non-core divestitures. In addition, we significantly raised our dividend in July, while announcing our commitment to grow our dividends faster than earnings going forward. Let me also spend a moment on free cash flow. For the year, we delivered $1.6 billion, which was below our outlook, primarily due to the timing of year-end customer collections and the impact of divestitures. We remained confident in improving cash flow performance in 2018 and beyond. As CapEx spending is now below 4% of revenue, our restructuring spend is coming down and our working capital performance continues to improve, with the best-in-class cash conversion cycle of negative 32 days for the year. Now, I'd like to give you an update on the impact of U.S. tax reform as it relates to our 2017 reported results. We recorded two significant entries in the fourth quarter relating to the implementation of the new tax law, and we adjusted these onetime impacts out of our non-GAAP results. First, we re-measured our U.S. differed tax liability, driven by the reduction of the U.S. tax rate from 35% to 21%, resulting in $1.3 billion non-cash one-time benefit to the P&L. Second, were recording a $1.3 billion tax liability due on our historical foreign accumulated earnings. This liability results in a cash tax pay out, which well need to pay through 2026. As you know, we have limited accumulated cash overseas and are not repatriating any material amounts of cash as a result of the tax change. Please see our upcoming 10-K filing for more information on these items. Before I move to the outlook, I want to provide a few comments on the Keurig Dr. Pepper transaction announce earlier this week. As we've said in the past, we've been very pleased with the performance of our equity investments that resulted from the July 2015 divestiture of our coffee business. With the take private of Keurig Green Mountain in March 2016 and under the leadership of Bob Gamgort and the team, we've seen significant appreciation in the value of our 24% stake. This is confirmed by the strong financial results you've seen at Keurig. Similarly, our investment in JDE has also done very well. We think the financial and strategic rationale of this transaction is strong. We believe theres significant value to be created in the near term through the compelling synergies and long-term as these two strong platforms and their brands are brought together. Were very impressed with the current management team and see them as well positioned to run this new entity. In terms of key details, we will grow our 24.2 stake in Keurig into a 13% to 14% stake in the new company, and well continue to play an active role in the new entity with two Board seats. In terms of financial impact, we expect this to be accretive in year one for us, while also providing a significant increase in cash dividends. We'll continue to account for this investment through the equity method, and have no plans to exit. We also continue to be investing in JDE and see additional value creation from that platform as well. Overall, we're very pleased with how the July 2015 coffee transaction has evolved in less than three years and the value that it brings to our company. Let me now provide some more details on our outlook for 2018, which we think is a balanced plan based on the environment we see today. We expect organic net revenue growth in the 1% to 2% range versus the 0.9% growth we delivered in 2017. This includes the return to modest growth in North America. And if global category growth continues to improve, we could see some improvement in this revenue outlook. Our first quarter is likely to have revenue growth at the low end of our total year outlook as we continue to work to stabilize our North America performance. We expect to deliver adjusted OI margin of approximately 17%. We're planning for continued strong net productivity and trade spend management as a key focus area. In addition, this will be another year of significant supply chain reinvention as we move more production to our new lines of the future. In 2018, we'll reflect the impact of the new pension accounting rules, which effectively move about $50 million of OI margin to below the OI line with no impact on earnings or cash flow. This is about 20 basis points reduction in our adjusted OI margin. We're expecting to deliver another year of double-digit earnings growth, driven primarily by continued margin expansion, as well as JV earnings growth and share repurchases. In addition, I would note our expectations for lower interest expense due to our ongoing efforts to optimize our debt structure. Our outlook for free cash flow is approximately $2.8 billion, which now represents a significant step up from the past two years. This outlook does include the additional cash taxes relating to the U.S. tax reform. Now, let me talk briefly about the 2018 impact of the recently enacted U.S. tax reform. As you know, we're a very global company. Our geographic footprint and operating models have given us a low tax rate in the past, with most of our earnings generated outside of the U.S. in jurisdictions with significantly lower tax rates. Aside from the two one-time items that we recorded in Q4 that I've already discussed, there're several elements of the new law that impact our ongoing overall effective tax rate. The impact of these items on our effective tax rate in 2018 is basically zero, based on what we know now. As you would expect, we're actively reviewing all opportunities to ensure we're structured as efficiently as possible from a tax standpoint. In this outlook, we expect our 2018 adjusted effective tax rate to be in the low to mid 20s, and likely very close to our 2017 rate. We'll provide longer term guidance on tax when we update our strategy later in the year. Now, let me turn it back to Dirk for a few concluding remarks.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Brian. So in summary, we have strong foundational goods in place, and we enter the year with momentum in several areas of our business. Our 2018 plan reflects an emphasis on execution, ongoing improvements in top line growth and continuous actions to expand our margins. And as we develop our strategic plans for sustainable growth, we are focused on how we can optimize and accelerate our strength to create more value for all our stakeholders. As a leader, my philosophy has always been to set thoughtful goals and deliver against them. And as I look ahead, I am very excited about the opportunities to create value at Mondelez. Similar to my attention to consumers, customers and colleagues, I look forward to engaging with the investment community over the coming months and quarters. And with that, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: So I guess we've got a few questions this afternoon just related to the guidance. And I think generally, people are looking at it and looking at the second half organic sales growth that accelerated. And so the guidance implies that maybe that acceleration doesnt continue. And also maybe even on the operating profit margins, there might have been some expectation that would have been a little bit more. So maybe could you start Dirk just talk a little bit about philosophically how you think about planning and maybe how conservative or how much flexibility you are trying to put into your plans for maybe things that were unforeseen or things that might go right?
Dirk Van de Put: Well, first of all, I arrived mid-November. I'm 60 days on board. Secondly, my approach to planning has always been that I try to set very thoughtful targets that I believe we can deliver. So with that we are seeing that we are going to have a top line improvement in 2018 versus 2017, we are seeing 1% to 2% top line and expect that about 17% adjusted to OI margins. It is correct that the categories aren't growing faster in the fourth quarter. But if you look at the whole of 2017 we are the first half, which was pretty low growth and then the second half was a lot better. So we've taken a balanced approach. We dont think we can already bet on the categories accelerating. And we also want to deliver on those margin expansion targets. So that's overall what I would say my philosophy is. And I think that maybe Brian you want to add a few things to that.
Brian Gladden: Bryan, I would just say, were being thoughtful as Dirk says and Id say careful with the top line, would admit that there should be some upside. And as we look at the dynamics, we want to see a couple of things. First, North America is stabilizing and second, laying out really these global category trends, they have recently improved, but I'm not sure that's it's fully sustainable and we want to see that. If the categories continue to improve, there should be revenue growth that's above what we've talked about here. We feel good about the margin expansion. It's in the range of 70 basis points. There is a good supply chain plan for the year. There would be smaller impacts that we've seen over the last few years in overheads, as ZBB and shared services play out, and as you know an improved commodity and currency environment. So we do have more run way on cost in both COGS and overheads as we look at the plan. And we'll work through this as we get through the year. We do want to invest for the long term. So we'll continue to fuel and plan investment around white spaces, innovation, renovation of our product portfolio, as well as funding appropriate levels of advertising and promotional spend, and then on double-digit EPS. Look, we feel good about that too. Its driven by margin expansion. The coffee JVs will continue to contribute. We'll have buybacks obviously and then lower interest expense. So overall, as Dirk said, thoughtful and Id say a balanced plan.
Bryan Spillane: And if I could just -- one follow-up, on the margin guidance. Is that inclusive of FX? So is there some -- the currency is going to have a much more impact -- be more impactful this year. So just curious is there any effect from margin or from FX in that margin guidance?
Dirk Van de Put: There's clearly benefit for us from a weaker dollar. I'd say as you look at transactional impacts, we haven't really factored in specific opportunities there. I think we have hedges in place for the majority of our exposures. We're trying to balance that with pricing actions. So I don't see transactionally a big lever in terms of the margins. I think you'll see it in translation. We gave you those numbers for '18. But in general, there will be some benefits associated with currency that flow through margins, but we're not necessarily capturing those in how we build the plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Just following along on the top line guidance for a minute for '18, global snacking category growth looks like, as you noted in the slide, has accelerated maybe even closer to 3% in the fourth quarter. And so if we take the 1% to 2% organic forecast for '18, I am trying to get a sense of whether this is just as you stated, not being certain about how sustainable that better category growth is or is it suggesting that you see continued market share or losses as we move through '18. And the reason I ask is I am assuming you need a lot less pricing to offset negative foreign exchange. And I was hopeful I guess that that could lead to a more of a stabilization in market share, particularly in emerging markets?
Dirk Van de Put: Andrew I'll least add a little bit the number, so snacking is up to one. And to your point, fourth quarter was a bit better than that. When you look at the total business, it was in mid ones, right. So you got the cheese business, the groceries and grocery plus beverages that drag that down a bit. This is roughly a share -- a flat share plan as we lay it out. And again if that category growth is better than that again we would expect to see some upside there.
Andrew Lazar: And then just I think you basically intimated in some of your prepared remarks that we should start to see a bit of a better balance in terms of where you get the operating income margin improvement from this year between gross margin and the SG&A line. Is it more a matter of just hopefully not seeing the type of volume deleverage that you had the last couple of years, such that some of the work you're doing around the supply chain footprint and the lines of the future and such, can just more fully float through on gross margin or there're other things that play there?
Dirk Van de Put: Leverage will clearly help, Andrew, I think as we stabilize volumes that have gotten a bit better. But I would also say that commodity currency pressures as we talked about a little bit are not there. Were not -- as you see coco pricing has come down. I mean we do have other areas where were seeing commodities up. But net-net, it's not like what we've seen over the last couple of years. So we think that will help. Well continue to execute on a pretty robust productivity plan for '18, roughly in the range of what we've been seeing over the last couple of years. And we think well be able to drop some of that through.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: I guess my question is on DSD. You talked about your desire to stick with it, but I guess I would ask why, just given few things right. We have the malware incident I guess exposing some of the unexpected vulnerabilities of the system. I mean your biggest competitor in U.S. biscuits is probably doing better than some feared I mean its hard to tell exactly how much of that is unique, because of your challenges right. We have the higher cost of transportation and some of your bigger customers are demanding much better fill rates, theyre trying to get trucks out of their parking lot. So I guess I'm curious where is the evidence that we can see on the outside anyway that DSD is really worth the what I guess would be hundreds of basis points to that segments operating income?
Dirk Van de Put: Well, first of all, I'm just arriving, and to make decision on these it's a pretty important decision. And on topics difficult to read what exactly is going on, were seeing the issues that we've been having. Overall, I think it's a powerful asset for our U.S. biscuit business. And so I do want to take some time to go through this and study and see what the cost benefit equitation is for or keeping it or getting out of it. So it's part of our strategic review. We hope to have clarity near the middle of the year. But from my perspective, its a bit early to make a decision on that.
Brian Gladden: And Ken I would just say, I mean we clearly -- given the malware incident and then the supply chain challenges that follow that with product availability challenges. I mean, we under-delivered here versus what we expected, theres no question. We have seen nice progress in capturing shelf space, increase displays. And in some channels, we've seen share gains but not to what we expected. We're still tracking it. There is likely some opportunities as the spring shelf resets play out and our case fill rates improved. And well see the progress as we work through that over the next few months. But we will look at this as part of the strategic review, as Dirk said.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer: First, just a follow-up on DSD and the malware issue. I think you said those issues were going to be an ongoing drag through the first half of 2018. Could you just give us some color as to why those fill rates would be such a persistent issue, and maybe any color. And then I have a follow-up.
Dirk Van de Put: David, it's really -- I mean the malware incident and the specific issues related to that were cleared up as we work through into the fourth quarter. It's just the supply chain really catching up. We've had some specific products where we were unable to build the inventory levels we needed to that move through the year-end and the surge of demand we saw. We've seen good overall consumption trends in that business that it put more pressure on the supply chain. And to be honest, we just have to catch up and rebuild some of the stock levels. That's really the priority for us.
David Palmer: And just looking ahead to 2018 and looking back to how your innovation did in 2017. You had some big bets like the Milka, Oreo, chocolate in the U.S., Milka chocolate in China. How would you grade the performance of your innovation last year? What products should be building into 2018 and how does your pipeline look for this year? Thanks.
Dirk Van de Put: David, I would say in general, we feel pretty good about it. U.S. chocolate had a very good year. We're pleased with the momentum there, velocity is good, repeat rates have been good, display activity is up, more to do there as we invest and bring some new products to market. Some of the other products that are more renovations and updating of our product lines in North America have also done well and as expected. Va is generally in line with expectations. As you know, it's a new brand. It takes a little bit of time to build brand awareness and consumer trial has been an important focus for us. It's highly incremental and I think we feel pretty good about it. But these things take a bit of time to get scale. But in general, the innovation pipeline is pretty good. For '18, continued focus on renovation. There'll be some more renovation as we move through the summer across the biscuits portfolio. There'll be a couple of things we do in gum this year. But continuous to be a focus area for us and we're investing to keep the innovation pipeline going.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: Just two questions if I could. I want to understand in relation to the North American division, do you believe you can grow the margin in that division this year. And then related to that, should we expect that the malware sales are say fully recovered this year, including some of the lost sales or these supply chain issues impede that?
Dirk Van de Put: On the first part, Chris, I mean we continue to have margin opportunity in North America. We under-delivered on our commitments this year in terms of margin expansion for North America. However, it's still our highest margin business for the year as you look at comparable OI margins across the regions. Malware was the biggest driver frankly of some of that execution, not only around the top line but around cost. And it was a distraction to the team as the work in the supply chain had to move off of some of the cost programs and into getting in case fill rates back where they needed to be. We did have negative volume leverage in the year and that was a bit of a pressure. So it's still -- yes, the answer is yes. Well still see margin expansion in North America. We have a robust productivity opportunity there. Volume leverage again will help as we get that business back to growth. So yes, I think it's still an opportunity to do better even in the rates we have today.
Chris Growe: And I just had one follow-up, which was, do you expect any SKU rationalization activity of any size. And then also the craft licenses going back to craft. Does that -- what effect does that have on say the 1% to 2% sales growth for the year?
Dirk Van de Put: There's no craft license impact in '18. There's a tiny one it's relatively small later in the year. We're down as you know with a couple of the transactions that we've executed. We're down in the range of a little more than $200 million of revenue from these long term licenses that ultimately go back. The majority of that goes back in the 2020 timeframe. And the broader question around SKU rationalization, there's still SKU rationalization. There is still some of that work going on. Id say it's a smaller focus now. We've made great progress there and feel pretty good about where we are. Were down in the range of less than 23,000 SKUs. We started over little close to 75,000, so not much in the way of impacting the '18 numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: The first and I want to come back and revisit a couple of points made already. First on North America and I dont want this to overshadow the momentum you have outside of North America, which obviously matters more. But the comments in terms of the service level, it's a bit hard to flow with the retail off take data that we see, which it looked rather strong. It's hard to understand how retail off take data would be so strong, if youre not able to fill the shelf's. So is this really an out of stock situation at retail or has the service level effectively result in you being destocked. Is that why the retail off take looks so much better than the sell-in numbers that you have?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, it's been a bit of a mix. I mean we've had some specific SKUs where we've had shortages. We clearly had to do a fair amount of expediting, which is one of the challenges as I said in the margins. But as you look at some of the more recent data, I would just say were catching up in some of that. So again, feeling better, I think it will take a little while to get back completely to normal. And were having to still invest in some cost to expedite, but that's really the story.
Jason English: And I guess you've segwayed into my other question, which is to come back to gross margin. You mentioned that commodities and currency are maybe the biggest swing factors. I was hoping you could put some teeth on that and give us a beat in terms of what commodities may have looked like to you last year in terms of pressure, what you are expecting this year? And then as we try to decompose your margin drivers and bridge us to how we got here. There looks like there is a big mix line bleaking out from here. And I guess my question is, A, is that true and B, is there anything that you think could help us turn that as we pivot into '18. Is gum, its like we need gum to turn or what are the drivers that could cause abatement of that pressure?
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, maybe the second part first. I think gum is the biggest. I dont think it's not a new issue. I mean, we've been fighting that negative trend as you look at the last couple or even probably look couple of years maybe even longer. So were planning the business in a way that doesnt expect the miracle to happen on gum. I think as you look at where were investing and trying to drive mix, we've got a priority focus in the regions around more effectively managing that and making sure we invest to drive improved mix. So yes, I dont expect the environment to change a lot and that dynamic to change. But again, it's something we're counting on as we build the plans. In terms of commodity trends, we all talk about coco and the fact that that's down over the last six to nine months. But as you would expect, we haven't necessarily seen that help given the hedging and inventory positions in coco. So that will begin to play out really not even in the first quarter but after that well start to see some favorability. That's obviously a discussion with customers its a big part of our chocolate dialogue around pricing as we have negotiations, so we won't necessarily pocket all of that. And then for us remember that other commodities have moved to the opposite direction. Dairy has been a big headwind for us this year. So both cocoa and dairy were negative and they hurt us in 2017. And dairy is even a bigger buy for us now than cocoa, packaging, transportation are other areas where there's pressure. So I would say in aggregate if you look at '18, I don't see commodity deflation as a net positive but it's not a big negative. It was a negative in 2017 and we had to price for that, we had to cover that and we didn't quite do that everywhere.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Could you give us a quick rundown on programs in the emerging markets, I am going through maybe the BRIC countries for example. It looks as though there was a nice acceleration in the second half. And just be curious to know where China and India, and Russia and Brazil are? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Brian Gladden: Maybe I'll start with Brazil. Brazil has been challenged for us, but it's showing some improving dynamics. I was there about three weeks ago. The currency, as you probably know, is stabilizing and the GDP has turned positive. So our Q4 revenue growth was mid single-digit, so about 5%. In chocolate the category trends are pretty strong. Weve had 9% year-to-date. We had some share loss in Q4, because of aggressive pricing from one competitor. And in biscuit we launched choco bakery with Lacta and Milka coockies line. So that helped us to recover some of the share. So obviously on Brazil, we are cautiously optimistic. The GDP growth is improving and the currency has stabilized. Though there's still some uncertainty in Brazil, I would say. Russia, we are feeling very good about, so it grew mid single-digit in the quarter, 8.4%. The economy is showing clearly signs of progress with falling inflation. Our team is executing well. The year-to-date category growth in biscuits is 7%, its 5% in chocolates. We are now the number one player in chocolate. We did launch our choco bakery in Q3 and then we're off to a very strong start. So were encouraged in Russia because of the signs of the economic improvement and the higher oil prices, better GDP and the ruble strengthening. India very strong, we had a 27% growth in Q4, but that's of course lapping the demonetization. Still, we grew double-digits without that and overall for the year, India is up 12%. The category growth for chocolate and biscuits continues to be very strong with double-digit growth for the year. The team I think is executing very well. India, I was two weeks ago and we had some good share gain. We gained about points, a full point in chocolate over the past quarter. And so we have very strong performance in Cadbury, Dairy Milk, Silk, and a bunch of new launches. India for me is a very important market for us as the demographics are very strong. We see a growing middle class. We still have a low per capita consumption of chocolates, about 0.1 kilogram, if U.S. is 4.5 Germany is 8, and the UK is 10. So we also see that we have significant room for distribution in the traditional trade and that is something we are actively pursuing. And the GDP growth rates are pretty strong, so overall very bullish on India. And then China was little bit off for us in the last years, but they had a solid quarter. They had 1.5% growth but that was also due to the late timing of the Chinese New Year. I think we will continue to see some good news coming out of China for us. We have a number of opportunities we launched a Milka magic cup, which is a new offering in our chocolate portfolio. Ecommerce is quite big for us. We had a very successful singles day, and we grew as twice the rate of the market in ecommerce. So the ecommerce was up 30% for us. So in China, I would say we are feeling good and I think we will see some acceleration of the growth rate there in the first quarter.
Alexia Howard: And really super quick follow-up, I was surprised to see a bit of a slowdown in the share repurchase guidance for 2018. Is that when youre planning to use the cash, the improvement in free cash flow that youre anticipating and see if its something else? Thank you and Ill pass it on.
Dirk Van de Put: Alexia, well continue to reevaluate that. I mean we've -- as you know, we did a bit extra in '17. It was driven by the availability cash from some of the divestitures that we did. Well continue to look at it over the course of the year. And as you know, we've done more than we would have said in the outlooks for the last few years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll: Brian, just a quick follow-up on the inflation execution for '18. Did you '18 would be deflationary in aggregate for your basket of inputs?
Brian Gladden: What I'd say, it's about flat, David. There is puts and takes. Coco is obviously going to help, dairy is still up, packaging is up, transportation is up when you put it all together, it's about flat.
David Driscoll: That leads into the bigger picture question on your revenue guidance and pricing. So in years past 2014 and 2015, you guys were hit with very heavy foreign exchange headwinds. And as a result, we saw a lot of pricing from the company in various markets when there was a lot of foreign exchange headwind. If 2018 is going to have foreign exchange tailwinds and if there is really not much in the way of commodity inflation, what is pricing do? Is pricing actually down in 2018? How do you guys think about it?
Brian Gladden: Over the last, I'd say, five or six quarters David it's been more about pricing has been driven by the hyper inflation area emerging markets. And I'd say developing or developed markets for us, pricing net-net has been relatively benign, it's been relatively flat. And there are places where we put some more promotional spend or trade spend in play and weve talked about that from time-to-time. But as you say, commodities and currency in those markets have been relatively uneventful and pricing has been relatively flattish. So I expect more of that. I think well see pricing in general be positive, but it's driven by hyper inflation as we look at '18.
David Driscoll: Originally, Brian, I believe the guidance for the 2018 operating margin was a range of between 17% and 18%. You're giving us the 17% number today. But maybe could you just give us some thoughts as to why the top end of the range that you guys have set out some time ago, why that's not really achievable in 2018? And I am not trying to push too hard on this I am just trying to get a sense as to what's going on the gross margin, volume leverage, those kinds of factors as the gain has actually been played out. What influenced you so much to come down to the 17% level? Thank you.
Brian Gladden: I would just say continue to thrive to strike a balance, making sure we're making appropriate best investments in the business around growth. At the same time, we have the headwind associated with the pension accounting change. We also have the headwind that -- volume growth and leverage in the P&L has not been as good as we would expect with slower category growth. So again with the progress that we made with another approximately 70 basis points of margin expansion, while we invest to get more balance in the P&L and drive some top line improvement, I think we feel like that's exactly the right plan for where we are.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Rob Moskow: Brian, just a couple of quick things. Did you lower the operating margin run rate going backwards also? I looked at your fourth quarter presentation a year ago and everything is 30 basis points lower. Is that because of the pension accounting change only or is there something there related to divestitures too? And then secondly a question on free cash flow, I think you said that there was some year-end positioning by customers that hurt your year-end cash flow. But shouldn't that help you in 2018 when that cash comes back to you? And if so, did you consider raising your guidance for free cash flow above 2.8, because I guess you had 2.8 before and now it's still 2.8, so
Brian Gladden: I'd say on cash flow, you're right. Clearly, there's some timing. We had collections that really were due on the 30th and 31st of December, which was a Saturday and Sunday, and the majority of that showed up in the next week. So we should have a good start. And I can validate that we've seen that cash come in. The reality is we've got an incremental cash tax payment related to the U.S. tax reform that partially offsets that. We've got another one-time VAT related tax payment that we have to take. So net-net, I think it puts us about at the 2.8 and we feel good with that number. Your first question related to the backward looking OI margin. And the one thing I would call out we did have is the divestitures, which had about 20 basis points impact in the margin rates if you take that back and adjust for that, so that's the only
Rob Moskow: So ex those few things, you would have been at 17.5 here for 2018, I guess?
Brian Gladden: That's right. I mean 17.4, 17.5, yes, that's right.
Operator: And we have time for our final question. Our final question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Grainger: I guess first question, Brian, could you elaborate a bit more on the benefit you expect from better utilizing the lines in the future and where we are in that process. Are we just right now at the point of seeing some early improvement in category trends and being able to get better utilization rates there? And at what point would you actually be in a position to start thinking about reaccelerating some of the deferred CapEx that you might have put on hold previously?
Brian Gladden: Yes, I think we've made good progress. We've talked about getting to 70% of volumes for Power Brands on advantaged assets. Were in the range of about 60% now as we exit '17, and then '18 is -- we will continue to make progress towards that goal. It really is -- the key is for us getting the volume leverage on those lines and that comes from growing the business obviously, and we've got some volume growth that were starting to see in some parts of the business. And then well continue to take actions across the supply chain to move more production from other lines onto those lines in the future. And that will be a focus that plays out. And I mention the factor it continues to be -- '18 will be a year where we have some significant supply chain actions to do that, moving more production there. So still a lot of runway in terms of capacity on those lines in the future and that will create nice net productivity, that's one of the drivers of net productivity in 2018 that Ive talked about.
Matthew Grainger: And Dirk just a high level question about reinvestment. I know you want to make sure that the company is taking full advantage of its differentiated position in emerging markets and the scale of the business there, and reaching your full potential from a top line perspective. Given some of the service issues in North America tostill continue to stabilize that business. Is this a year where we may continue to see a bit more of the near term reinvestment flowing back into developed markets than may ultimately be the case once we get through your initial assessment and the multiyear strategic plan that well hear about later in the year?
Dirk Van de Put: I would say that certainly well have a look at it. We need to see how much leeway we have to do that, because we do have to stabilize our North American situation first and that's priority number one. We are going through an analysis where we are looking at what we think the opportunities are that we have in emerging markets and how we could capture those, what type of investments would it need. Were trying to do that as fast as we can. But if anything, I wouldnt expect us to make big moves in the beginning of the year, maybe towards the end, we will have more clarity on what is possible for us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap  Vice President, Investor Relations Irene Rosenfeld  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brian Gladden  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ken Goldman  JPMorgan Bryan Spillane  Bank of America Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital Alexia Howard  Bernstein Matthew Grainger  Morgan Stanley Strycula  UBS David Driscoll  Citigroup David Palmer  RBC Capital Markets Chris Growe  Stifel Rob Moskow  Credit Suisse Jason English  Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Mondelez International Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. With me today are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and Brian Gladden, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out two press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website, mondelezinternational.com/investors. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise noted. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Shep, and good morning. Q3 was a good quarter on both the top and bottom lines. Organic net revenue 2.8% fueled marginally by the strength of our Power Brands improving momentum in emerging markets and strong performance in Europe. We estimate that our top-line results included a benefit of approximately 60 basis points associated with recovery from the malware incident as we recaptured some delayed shipments from the end of Q2. Of course, we had some challenges in the quarter from hurricanes, earthquakes and the India GST, but they netted out to a very small number. On the bottom line, we delivered another quarter of strong adjusted operating income margin expansion and double digit adjusted EPS growth. We're pleased with the underlying growth drivers. Our Power Brands grew 3.8%, significantly outpacing the category with Milka and Cadbury Dairy Milk in chocolate and Oreo and belVita in biscuits performing especially well. Emerging markets grew 4.8% including positive volume growth. Key markets have fueled revenue growth included India, Russia and Mexico. We think sequential acceleration in emerging market category growth consistent with our view that these markets are generally improving and were well positioned to win as conditions continue to improve. Developed markets grew 1.6%, led once again by Europe. Our performance in chocolate was strong across nearly all of our largest markets in the region. For example, in Germany, we expanded market share on a year-to-date basis with distribution gains and the solid performance of Milka. And in the UK, our Cadbury sponsorship of the Premier League also drove strong share gains. Our growth strategies continue to gain traction. We're contemporizing our core by distorting resources behind our Power Brands and by upgrading the well being credentials of our portfolio. Our belVita brand continues to be a standout. Its growing mid single digits globally driven by our base breakfast biscuits as well as impactful line extensions like belVita Protein and belVita Bites. RITZ Crisp & Thins with all the taste and half the fat of the leading potato chip is taking share and exceeding our expectations. Were also increasing our presence in convenience stores. Thanks to our more flexible price pack architecture. And we successfully launched a new savory snack brand, Va, during the quarter. We're off to a good start as we ramp up distribution. We continue to make good progress as we fill geographic white spaces. Milka Oreo chocolate in the U.S. is performing well and we recently expanded our offerings to include Milka Oreo mint. The repatriation of our Nabisco brand in Japan is also going well as we recently launched Oreo THiNS and new RITZ sandwich biscuits. And in China, our Milka brand has established a solid beachhead in the chocolate market in its first year. Finally, we continue to drive sales and channel ubiquity for our iconic brands with especially strong progress in e-commerce. Across the globe, we delivered net revenue growth of more than 40% fueled by key markets like China and the U.S. In fact our U.S. e-commerce net revenues have grown more than 70% year-to-date and our China e-commerce business grew at twice the growth rate of the online market. These strong results reinforce our belief in the importance and future potential of e-commerce as the key snacking channel and we've taken the necessary steps to capitalize on that opportunity. Before I turn the call over to Brian, let me comment briefly on North America, which is our only region performing below expectations. We're pleased to have returned North America to positive growth in the quarter and we're making progress in addressing the challenges weve discussed previously including recovery from the malware incident. Importantly, we're encouraged by the momentum on some of the strategic initiatives that I mentioned earlier including Milka Oreo chocolate and the rollout of our pipeline of wellbeing innovations and renovations. Additionally, we continue to see our direct store delivery system as a competitive advantage and expect the benefits of this system to play out more clearly in the coming months. That said we have more work to do for this region to deliver its full potential. We look forward to the arrival of Glen Walter next month. Gradually just named as the North America Region President brings an impressive track record of building brands and driving growth in North America and internationally. His operating and sales background has prepared him well to lead our North American business. As we hand the reigns over to Glen, Id like to take a moment to thank Tim Coffer, who graciously served as Interim President over the past six months in addition to his role as Chief Growth Officer. Tim and his team has significant strengthened the business fundamentals and positioned it for future growth. Let me now turn it over to Brian to provide more detail on the financials.
Brian Gladden: Thanks, Irene, and good afternoon. We're pleased with our results in the third quarter, which played out roughly as we expected. Organic net revenue was up 2.8% driven by strength in Power Brands, emerging markets and Europe. As Irene mentioned, we've benefited from the positive net impact of 60 basis points related to the recovery from malware related shipment delays in the second quarter. However as we said to expect on our last call, we also experienced some additional malware related disruptions in the third quarter in certain markets and that negative impact was most pronounced in North America. Overall, we estimate that the year-to-date negative impact from the malware incident was approximately 60 basis points to organic net revenue or just over $100 million of lost revenue across the business. Importantly, we're now confident that the issues are substantially behind us and we're back to pre-incident levels of service and operation stability. Emerging markets grew nicely at 4.8%. Our geographic footprint has always been one of the most compelling strengths of our long-term vision for profitable and sustainable growth. And we continue to see positive momentum in many of these countries in terms of macro conditions, our share performance, improved category fundamentals and good balance between vol/mix and pricing. Now let's take a closer look at our margin performance. We continued to improve margins with another quarter of strong adjusted OI margin expansion. Adjusted OI margin was 16.9%, an increase of 130 basis points driven by ongoing overhead reductions with improved performance across all regions outside of North America. Our efforts in ZBB, supply chain reinvention and global shared services continue to deliver results and we see more opportunities in front of us. Adjusted gross margins declined 60 basis points. Although we delivered improvements in volume and solid net productivity, these benefits were offset by inflation in dairy costs and select investments and trade spending. We are pricing in our cheese business to offset the dairy inflation and should be more balanced as we enter 2018. On the trade spending, we increased spend in a targeted way in North America as part of our DSD initiatives and in Russia and France where we're seeing good growth and strong returns. We continue to feel good about our mid-term gross margin opportunity for a few reasons. First, we're delivering strong net productivity at around 3% on a year-to-date basis; improving volume trends, which we saw this quarter, will also provide cost leverage as we move forward. Second, we're starting to see the transactional benefit of a weaker U.S. dollar in some markets. So, it's still early and there were always be some markets that are exceptions, but this is a good trend for us. In total, our gross margins are up approximately 300 basis points since 2013 and we see continued gross margin expansion as an important component of our 2018 margin delivery. So we feel good about the adjusted OI margin performance and remain on track to deliver a mid 16% outlook for the year. We also remain committed to our 17% to 18% margin target for 2018. Let me now turn to our regional performance. Three of our four regions delivered good results building on the underlying trends from the first half of the year. Europe delivered another strong quarter of margin expansion with an increase in adjusted OI margin of 70 basis points to 19.4%. Strong net productivity and ongoing overhead reductions drove the improvement. Organic net revenue increased 3.2% including a benefit due to the recovery from the malware incident. Our Power Brands in this region continue to perform well driven by solid vol/mix growth. As Irene mentioned, our European chocolate business delivered strong results in nearly all of our large markets while both the U.K. and Germany turned in good performances in biscuits including Oreo, which was up double digits. Our growth was also fueled by our chocobakery business, which generated double digit increases in Q3 driven by new product launches including Milka brownie and Cadbury Roundies. Our EMEA region delivered strong growth of approximately 3%. Similar to last quarter, Asia Pacific performed well while the Middle East was mixed as challenging economic conditions continued though we are beginning to see easier compares. Adjusted OI margin increased 80 basis points to 13% driven by lower A&C spend as we selectively pulled back in markets like the Middle East where weve seen lower ROIs and overhead reductions. Our India revenue grew double digits as our chocolate franchise grew share behind ongoing momentum in our core successful new launches such as Fuse and Silk Oreo. China returned to growth in the quarter. Our Biscuits business improved as we launched low single-digit growth, as we delivered low single-digit growth led by our Oreo relaunch. In addition, our e-commerce investments continued to drive solid share gains. Our gum business also grew share while milk and chocolate was inline with expectations. In Latin America, adjusted OI margin increased 200 points to 17.7%, primarily driven by lower overhead costs and improved net productivity. Organic net revenue grew 5.4%, which includes a positive impact from the recovery of malware-related shipments. Mexico continued to deliver solid growth, driven by strength in candy while growth in Argentina was led by pricing to offset currency-driven inflation. In Brazil, improving dynamics in chocolate drove a fourth straight quarter of growth. And as we've said, our Biscuits business continued to face headwinds from price gaps and downtrading. In response, we're making appropriate adjustments to increase the range of our portfolio. Overall, Brazil was up low single digits in the quarter. Turning to North America. Organic net revenue grew 1%. These results were driven by an increase in U.S. Biscuits, partially offset by lower gum revenue. As I said, malware-related disruptions continue to present challenges. The good news is that we now believe that these issues are substantially behind us. As Irene mentioned, we still believe the DSD model provides us with a number of competitive advantages. While the persistent malware-related issues impacted our ability to capture the initial market share opportunities in the quarter, we remain confident that we will see incremental share gains as we move to the next few quarters. Despite the challenges in North America, it's encouraging to see the improved trajectory in our revenue performance and some recent improvement in category growth. Now let me spend a few moments providing some highlights by category. Snacking category growth improved incrementally on a year-to-date basis, now at 1.8%, but our overall share results were mixed. Our Biscuits business was essentially flat, driven by strength in key countries such as the U.K. and Germany, offset by year-to-date weakness in the U.S., which was partially driven by malware-related issues early in the quarter. Approximately 30% of our year-to-date revenue grew or held in this category. As our DSD initiatives gain traction, we expect to see improvements in this metric. In chocolate, our business grew mid-single digits, driven by strong results in India, the UK, Germany and Russia. The U.S. chocolate expansion also continued to be a solid contributor to growth. Approximately 65% year-to-date revenue grew or held share in this category. In fact, our chocolate business has gained more share this year than any other competitor in the market. Gum & Candy declined mid-single digits as gum category weakness persisted, most notably in the U.S. Only about 20% of our year-to-date revenue in Gum & Candy gained or held share. Consistent with our commentary last quarter, our focus is on stabilizing our share within the category while migrating our portfolio toward candy and mints to meet consumers' refreshments needs. Turning to earnings per share. We delivered adjusted EPS of $0.57, up 12% on a constant currency basis, primarily driven by our strong operating income growth. We continue to expect to deliver double-digit EPS growth on a constant currency basis for the full year. We also continued to reward our shareholders with strong return of capital. In the quarter, we returned approximately $1 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. As you know, we recently raised our dividend by 16%. As our long-term free cash flow improves, we're targeting to grow our dividend faster than adjusted EPS. Let me review our outlook for the year. We now expect an organic net revenue growth of approximately 1%, given the large  larger-than-expected magnitude of the lost revenue related the malware incident. We still expect to deliver adjusted OI margin in the mid-16% range and double-digit adjusted EPS growth on a constant currency basis. We now expect no currency impact for the year. And with respect to free cash flow, we continue to expect to deliver approximately $2 billion for the year. In summary, many of our global markets and categories are improving, and we remain focused on driving improved top line performance while maintaining discipline around operational efficiency and margin expansion. We're encouraged as we see macro trends that have been headwinds over the past several quarters turn more favorable, including improving GDP, global consumer trends and accelerating category growth in emerging markets and more favorable exchange rates in both developed and emerging markets. In addition, many of our recent growth investments are delivering solid results, including in well-being, in white space expansion and in penetrating other channels, especially e-commerce. As a result, we remain confident that we're well positioned to deliver sustainable growth on both the top and bottom lines over the long term. Now let me turn it back to Irene for some concluding remarks.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks Brian. For the past three months, we've been preparing for a smooth transition as Dirk Van de Put takes over as CEO next month. Dirk has already been engaged in our 2018 financial planning process, and over the next few weeks, he'll be spending time getting immersed in the business as he begins working with our management team, our board and other key stakeholders. And of course, we expect our strategic planning process will be a key focus for Dirk in the first half of 2018. It's hard to believe that earlier this month marked the 5-year anniversary of Mondelez International. I'm very proud of the company we built and the shareholder value we've delivered over that time. I'm pleased to see the macro environment and the underlying business momentum beginning to improve, and I'm confident that Dirk and the team will build on this momentum to take our company to the next level. It's been a privilege to have created and led this great company and a pleasure to have worked with all of you over the years. I especially want to thank my partner, Brian Gladden, and the rest of my leadership team as well as my 90,000 colleagues around the world for your passion, your hard work and your tireless commitment to our company in the exceptionally challenging environment over the past few years. Through it all, you kept your eyes on the prize, and I truly believe the best is yet to come. With that lets open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thank you.
Ken Goldman: Hi thank you. And Irene, thank you for your help over the years and best of luck to you ahead. I get the feeling that you'll have a more active retirement than most retirees out there, knowing you. So again, thanks again. I wanted to ask two questions if I could. You talked about your commitment to your margin target for next year, but you also talked about the process of strategic planning still being underway. So Irene, if I could ask you sort of put on your Chairman of the Board hat right now. And knowing Dirk, what are his thoughts in terms of the margin targets for next year? Is there much of a risk, in your view, of him tweaking the data a little bit? Sometimes, new CEOs come in and want to set the bar a little bit lower. So that would be my first question is sort of what your thoughts on that. And my second question is and I think you sort of highlighted this a little in your optimism about the environment, but how do you feel, in general, about the environment for you in 2018 and in terms of the sales line? And do you feel like you'll need to invest more in gross margin to kind of hit your sales numbers or is the macro trend going to be enough? Thank you for that.
Irene Rosenfeld: So first of all Ken, Im sure you'll have a chance to engage with Dirk over the coming months. He's actually going to officially start on November 20. He's been involved in a number of areas, as I mentioned, particularly the development of the 2018 plan to ensure a smooth transition. So we start there. Brian continues to confirm our margin target for 2018 between 17% and 18%. But certainly, our strategic plan will be a key focus of Dirks in the first half of the year. That said, we fully understand that the margin targets are very much top of mind, and I can assure you that Dirk fully appreciates the importance of margin delivery to our overall algorithm. So I think in the spirit of you've got to wail until he gets here, I think we can give you as much assurance as that.
Brian Gladden: Ken, I would just say obviously to deliver on 2018, the plans and actions are underway. I mean, it's not like we can decide that in January and deliver. So there's been a lot of work and Dirk has been very engaged in that process. We also gave you some clarity so we're not giving guidance today obviously for 2018, but we've confirmed the margin target and we've talked about cash flow. We still feel good about $2.8 billion of cash flow for next year. So may be those are two hints as to where we're headed. In terms of the trends that we're seeing in the environment, maybe just a few comments and we've talked about most of these. But the global economy's consumer sentiment, generally improving in most markets. Emerging markets favorable and obviously, that's good for us, given our exposure but I would also say that Europe feels pretty good. It's about 40% of our revenue and it's solid and stable and growing. Category trends, yes, I'd say they've stabilized a bit and some recent improvement over the last couple of months but maybe a little too early to start the call that yet but not a bad trend. North America packaged food trends, I think that will continue to be a challenge, and that's a place that we're planning for that environment to continue. Commodities and currency, I guess I would say they appear to be, for us, relatively stable year-over-year and how you think about that in aggregate. We obviously have favorability in cocoa but we're all set with pressure in things like packaging, and dairy and transportation even. So maybe some overall tailwind there but we're planning for relatively stable. And then maybe the last piece, just as we think about tax  tax rates, probably roughly the same in 2018 as what we would see in 2018 short of getting some clarity on what U.S. reform looks like. So maybe a few pieces of insight as we think about the environment and how we're thinking about 2018 without really giving you the guidance at this point.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hey good morning everybody, or good afternoon, I mean and best of luck to you Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: So a couple of questions. First, I guess as a follow-up to Kens question, first just gross margins in the quarter were I guess down versus last year, but operating profit margins expanded. So just in terms of how the P&L shaped, how is that relative to what your expectations were I guess going into the quarter. Meaning, I guess were gross margins in line better or worse than what you were thinking?
Brian Gladden: Look, I think they were a little bit tougher. As I said, higher input costs specifically very fast have been challenging over the course of the last several months here. And were  were now in the process of raising prices, just cant really raise them fast enough. And then the trade spend, I think we were thoughtful and knew we were going to make some of those  some of those decisions to spend some of those dollars. But look, I would just go back to mid-term reality around gross margins. Weve delivered 300 basis points improvement, its about half of the expansion that weve delivered over the last few years. And were executing pretty well, I mean our execution was as expected around net productivity and the COGS reduction program that we have. So I think the one out layer was really very fast and how we sort to have to manage that across the cheese business.
Bryan Spillane: And then I guess my second question. Just if emerging markets in Europe continue to get a little bit better as were looking out, I guess into 2018 and 2019 maybe, can you just talk about how much flexibility there is to invest behind that in your current plans. And I guess if volumes actually start to grow is  how that affects leverage and maybe the margin expansion. Weve been also focused on cost reductions to drive margins, but could you get sense that theres some volume growth, just how that might affect the margins and margin expansion?
Brian Gladden: Yes, Brian. I mean thats obviously we saw the early stages of some volume improvement a lot of it was driven by Europe in the quarter. But obviously that helped us a lot as you think about volume absorption, plant leverage and the capacity equation in the manufacturing world. So I think thats going to be  as we think about next year and look at the trends, it encouraging to see some of that volume improvement. And we feel good about the that the underlying dynamics in emerging markets. That is  we've been distorting to Power Brands. We've been distorting to some of these markets that have seen improvements and India is probably the best example where weve been able to put some additional spending up against growth, and I think weve seen very good returns for that. So its part for the course in terms of our strategy. And I think youll see us react as these markets get better be able to put some additional spending supply.
Irene Rosenfeld: We also dont underestimate the impact that the volatile commodities as well as the strong dollar had in terms of our pricing actions, which then put a lot of pressure on volume. So one of the reasons the macro environment improvement is encouraging, is its going to allow us to temper a lot of those actions, which should also in turn help volume in addition to the other actions were taking.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar: Good afternoon.
Brian Gladden: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Irene, I was hoping maybe to get a little more perspective from you  particularly as you head off into whatever youll do next, really on the state of the industry. I guess youve worked on many different brands and categories, multiple capacities for various companies. And I think even your tenure. I guess my question is, is this time different, because if one listen to many of the headlines about the death of brands and private label taking over and all the rhetoric from retailers and so on. I guess one would be like to think that this time is different even of the industrys weathered many disruptive forces before and seemingly always found ways to thrive. So I guess, I was hopefully to get perspective there to bolder actions need to be taken. And I know its a broad question, but youve sat it kind of the nexus of many of these forces for some time and I mean your unvarnished perspective would be valuable?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, I think as we  as I have witnessed the evolution of the industry they have been cosmic changes every couple of years throughout that tenure, whether you think about the advent of the supercenter, you think about the rise  the beginning of the rise of e-commerce. We have seen many different trends and those companies that have been successful have seen those trends coming and have address them. So I dont think this is radically different, I do think the speed of the changes is perhaps more itself more pronounced than we might have seen in the past. But I have great confidence as we look ahead particularly to what were seeing going on the consumer front, the customer front, and the channel shift that were well positioned. But I do think companies have to take those cosmic changes quite seriously, and have to adapt accordingly. But I dont believe that this is a radically different set of circumstances than we would have seen in the past. Theyre different, but weve seen a fairly sizable evolution in our industry over the last decade and the winners have adapted to it accordingly.
Andrew Lazar: Yes, okay. Thanks for your thoughts and all the best going forward.
Operator: And your next question comes along though Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Good evening everyone.
Brian Gladden: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: First of all, thank you Irene for your help over the years, and all the best with whatever comes next. Couple of questions. Im personally on the trade investment that youve called out this quarter is pressuring the gross margin. Could you give us a little bit more color on where by geography and by category those might have been steps up? And do you expect those to accelerate going forward? And then the second follow-up question is really around North America. It feels as though there hasnt been the big push behind the North American chocolate launch, you mentioned that in the prepared remarks. But we had a really seen a big marketing campaign, I dont believe yet. And similarly with the [indiscernible] taking advantage of Kelloggs system again you alluded to that being things, that yet to come. Could you just comment on whether we really are going to see some meaningful step ups there? Thank you and Ill pass it on.
Brian Gladden:
.:
Irene Rosenfeld: As we think about Alexia, as we look to the balance of the year. As we said, we have  we think were pretty well positioned to begin to capitalize on the opportunity in North America. We have significantly put the malware issues behind us as Brian mentioned. We are starting to see the hard work of Tim Coffer and his team has done to stabilize the business and improve our execution. We saw the fifth category turn positive for the first time this year. And weve got a number of investments some of which youve mentioned that are starting to come into the marketplace. They launch at the end of July. Theyll be the protein is now fully in the market and doing well. Our Ritz share continues to grow behind RITZ Crisp & Thins. Were pleased with the momentum on U.S. chocolate. Were up to a great start there both in terms of velocity and repeat rates. So we have a number of the elements that are starting to come together and we are quite optimistic as we look to the fourth quarter and then out into our 2018. Obviously Glen Walters arrival will be an important catalyst to build on all of this momentum. But we are quite optimistic as we look ahead.
Operator: Your next question comes from long line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Grainger: Great, hi, everyone. And Irene best of luck to you as well. I just had one more follow-up question on North America. The message still seems to be pretty cautious on the near to mid term outlook, but as I look at results in the third quarter, sales improved quite a bit sequentially, and were probably essentially in line with our expectations, and maybe a bit ahead of consensus despite the fact that you have these additional malware headwinds. So I guess, Im just wondering, is that a reflection in the short term of comps or was there any acceleration in shipments around the innovation pipeline. And then if you move through the process of shelf resets in the biscuit category, can you give us a sense for how that process tracked versus your expectations?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. So the year-over-year comparison should not have been  the year ago should not have been a factor. We are truly starting to see our execution come together, obviously we were flying blind in  on some of our inventory for some of our products over the course of the summer time. But as we exited Q3 most of those issues as we said are substantially result. We are seeing retailers begin to reset their shelves. Were seeing our displays in share of shelf increasing and we should see that play through as weve said in our biscuit shares for the balance of the year. So we are not particularly bullish on the near term North American market. But we do believe that our business within that environment should start to pick up.
Matthew Grainger: Okay.
Brian Gladden: Yes, I think its little early and were seeing some improvement in the overall category trends in there in North American U.S. biscuits. But I think its a really early to declare that thats headed in the right direction.
Matthew Grainger: Okay, great, thanks. And just I guess one more question on biscuits on more of a global scale. Obviously there were some malware related issues in North America. But the market share trends in terms of gaining in holding did weekend sequentially, is that principally a reflection of that malware shifts are there any other areas of market share pressure globally maybe just sort of hotspots from pricing perspective that would have showed up in the quarter?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. No Matthew, really that the major pressure on the biscuit  our global biscuit share was North America, in fact if our U.S. biscuit had held share, our biscuits wouldve been growing at around 80% would have been growing. So its all about the turnaround in North America. And as weve said we have good confidence that we will start to see that improve?
Brian Gladden: And the lost revenue related to malware, the majority came thats truly stuck is what consumptions within North America and in U.S. biscuits.
Operator: And your next question comes from the Steven Strycula with UBS.
Steven Strycula: Hi, good afternoon. Two questions. The first one be for Brian. Can you help us understand the implied fourth quarter revenue acceleration, X the shift specifically giving some better textures so whats driving the underlying baseline improvement, you call out emerging markets Im curious if theres anything else that youve put upon a point on, and I got a question for Irene.
Brian Gladden: Yes, look I think theres reasonably good momentum in the majority of the emerging markets. I would call out two unusual to give us a little bit of help in the fourth quarter. The first being the year-over-year impacted demonetization in India. And then the second would be inventory trade stock levels especially in the Middle East where we had some adjustments. So I think those are two things that give us a little bit better number and in terms of reported results. But the momentum in general is good and that we see continuing.
Steven Strycula: Okay, great. And then Irene, if you had another two or three years in your current role, who would you think would be the largest payback or quickest payback on investments that you could have out there for your business, would it be greater sales force internationally in emerging markets what would be the quickest and large payback on your investment?
Irene Rosenfeld: You know I have I actually think as we see the economy recovering around the world, I think were seeing very good payback in both our developed and our emerging markets. So I would have told you a couple of years ago that the big return would have come from emerging markets. As we've watched the challenges in those markets over the last couple of years, that's been less evident. And at this point, we're getting a very nice return on our investments in Europe. And as North America comes back, we expect to see that as well. Those are our highest margin markets in the world and so that's a great place to invest. But at the same time, we are seeing our category growth come back quite dramatically in the emerging markets. And so that's  we're being quite planful in terms of thinking about where to invest there. So actually, the recovery of the broader macro environment will benefit both our developed as well as our emerging markets looking ahead.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citigroup.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good evening. Congratulations, Irene, on the retirement, and thanks for everything over the many, many years. Two questions for me. First on the DSD. To be clear, did you guys say that the malware issues were what really prevented the DSD team from executing even better during the third quarter? Was that the correct takeaway to link those two issues together?
Brian Gladden: Yes, it really came down to our ability to serve and customer service and interoperations. And the results were somewhat challenged by the carryover impacts from malware. So yes, I think as I said, we're substantially past that. We're back to service levels that we would expect in the business and we're going at it now.
David Driscoll: Okay. And then just following up on this. If the DSD folks are in the store several times a week, have you seen shelf space gains maybe here in October? I know it's outside your quarter but have you seen shelf space gains in October versus what you were in say, July?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. I mean, as we were talking about, as we see our retailers resetting their shelves, we're picking up some shelf space as well as we're increasing our displays. And again, those are the actions that we think will help us as we look to the balance of the year in North America.
Brian Gladden: That should turn into share gains.
David Driscoll: Okay. Last question just on the earnings guidance. So double digits didn't change, but looks like your revenue comments is a little weaker. So then can you put some quantifications on these other things? always going to hate modeling at midnight on this company. So foreign exchange, interest expense. Is the basic message here, revenue is a little bit softer than you thought? Things are still pretty good, but basically everything's a little bit softer? Or are these other items, FX and interest expense, enough to offset any of this revenue change within the guidance?
Brian Gladden: David, all I would say is that the real driver of the revenue  the change in revenue outlook is the year-to-date impact of malware. So as we put all that together, it resulted in about $100 million of lost revenue for the year that we're not going to get back. And that's the pressure that causes us to adjust the top line outlook. Everything else is consistent with what we said and I would say consistent with the trends that we've delivered year-to-date.
Operator: And your next question comes from David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer: Thanks and congratulations. Best of luck, Irene. A question on Europe. You mentioned some promotional pushes in France and Russia, and those seem to be paying off or at least those targeted ones. And you mention the environment generally feeling better. Could you do your best to break down what is working better for you there? And perhaps tease out what is consumer versus the competition in your pipeline because obviously, you're seeing some spending work better for you than it has in years past. It's been a difficult market. And then what factors, out of all these, make this feel sustainable if you think this turn indeed feels that way.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. I would say, David, it's  we certainly did have a couple of tailwinds that made the quarter exceptionally strong in terms of a hot summer a year ago. And we did see a situation with the competitor in  early in the quarter, a recall of a competitor product that was helpful. But fundamentals are good. And we're seeing very strong category growth. We're seeing strong share, very strong vol/mix. And we believe a lot of that is driven by programming. I alluded to the Premier League tie-in that we have in the UK. has been a sizable factor in driving our shares there. We've been very pleased with our strength in Germany. We've had a very strong performance there. Our chocobakery business is doing very well as we have repatriated the Burtons license in the UK. and across Europe. So there's a lot of actions that we are taking that are driving our strong performance that we would expect will continue.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: Hi good evening and best wishes, Irene, in your retirement. I want to start  I just have two questions. First would be you quantified the effects from the malware incident on revenue. And I'm just curious how that's kind of flowed through the P&L. So what effect has that had on gross margin or operating margin? Could you give a little more color around that if you haven't done already? I may have missed that.
Brian Gladden: We didn't. It's had a minor impact on gross margins as we would have lost some volume leverage related to that. But you can assume it came out at roughly average gross margin rates and then maybe a little bit of volume leverage leakage. We also, as we've talked about and you'll see in the filings, have adjusted out the direct costs that relate to the incident, which year-to-date for the two quarters is now in the range of $50 million. But those are related to the incident in terms of improving our infrastructure and restoring and in some cases, manufacturing distribution logistics related to that.
Chris Growe: Okay. And just a follow-up question. As you think about the operating margin improvement that's occurring currently and you expect for next year, SG&A has been lower than I expected. And you've talked about overhead control, I think, across most of the divisions today, if not all. So I'm just trying to understand if there are other incremental restructuring activities that are taking place to achieve this operating margin expansion you expect both this year and next. Or is it just part of the natural kind of the benefit of previous activities that you've undertaken?
Brian Gladden: Well, we're still, Chris, in the middle of the restructuring program and that will continue through 2018. We've still got additional programs that we're funding as we speak and then are still executing to deliver. So it's still continuation of the same key programs with ZBB and shared services and all of those activities. So yes, we've still got more work to do there. We've still got funding to do that.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Rob Moskow: Hi, thanks for the question and best wishes to you, Irene. I wanted to ask about China only growing low single digit. You did execute a relaunch of the product  of the Oreo product there. I was hoping for something a little better, considering a lot of other consumer staples companies have been reporting stronger growth. Is there an obstacle to getting back to high single-digit or double-digit growth in China?
Irene Rosenfeld: First of all, it's early days on our biscuit relaunch so we're encouraged by the early signs. And we are looking forward to continued performance there. Our chocolate was down a little bit year-over-year because we would have the benefit of the pipeline a year ago. So in aggregate, that was a bit of a headwind for us. Our gum continues to gain share. We're feeling very good about the performance there. So I think net-net, China continues to be a strong market  will be a strong market for us as we look ahead. And we are pleased to see the early signs of  that it's returning to growth, but again, there were a couple of variables in the quarter that dampened that overall performance.
Rob Moskow: Okay. And a quick follow-up for Brian. Brian, your tax rate guidance is pretty wide. The implications for fourth quarter are very wide. Do you think you can get us to closer to what you expect in fourth quarter and then maybe interest expense as well?
Brian Gladden: Yes. I mean, there's always puts and takes, Rob, I mean, there's always discrete items that are playing out. And you can see what our estimated tax rate for the total year is. It's in the range of 23%, 24%. So I  and that's probably the best I could do, given all the discrete items and the volatility around that. On interest, I think as we said coming into the year, we had a little bit of conservatism in that I think as you can see from the results, we're tracking a little bit below the guidance we gave you, which was $500 million. There are some other income items that were favorable and have impacted that. But the $500 million I would still say there's some conservatism at that number as you play to the fourth quarter.
Operator: And we do have time for one more question. And your final question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Good afternoon, guys. Thank you for squeezing me in. First Congratulations, Irene. The value you've created for shareholder since you took over at Kraft has really been impressive so congrats for that. Two questions if I may, first on top line and then one on margins. First on top line, excluding some of the malware stuff, I think you implied if we look at the implication, the front half of the year was growing 30, 40 basis points. And underlying, you've accelerated to something closer to 230 basis points in the third quarter, which is very encouraging. But if I look at your market growth and your market share charts, it suggests the markets certainly ticked up but your shares ticked the wrong way. So it's hard to flip what we're seeing reported results in terms of the acceleration with what you guys are showing on the slide, so I was hoping you could help me bridge that gap.
Brian Gladden: Yes, so we set the category is growing in the range of 1.8% and reported year-to-date revenue growth is in the range of 80  1.8% at snacking so that's not going to tie to total but that's just snacking and the categories snacking as well. So if you look at that, there's about 100 basis points difference. The largest piece is going to be malware. And as I said, that's 60 basis points year-to-date. And then you would have basically 40 basis points tied to year-over-year trade stock changes, and that's a combination of India, GST, Middle East destocking and we talked about. And then a bit of North America where we built some trade stocks last year and returned to more normalized levels this year so that explains the difference.
Jason English: It doesn't really explain acceleration now. So your categories ticked up. So we're categories ticked up if you just run the simple average, they ticked up from around 1.5 in the front half to 2.5 in the third quarter, simple average to get to the 1.8%. You accelerated, by far, greater margin with market share rolling the wrong way. So that's what I'm trying to foot, because if I look at category growth and market share, I would say this quarter shouldn't have looked any different than the front half of the year but clearly, it did, which is encouraging to see. I'm just trying to really understand the underlying component, so we can gauge durability of that turn.
Brian Gladden: Yes, I would just say, Jason, that we have seen categories pick up, I would agree with that. I think we've seen our business improve a bit better. A lot of that is a bit confusing because of the malware timing of first half versus second half. I think we've seen stabilization in North America that's improved. And our shares have not been dramatically different. If you look at the total year, we did, in U.S. Biscuits, mostly because of malware, turn to a losing share position, which impacts the metric that we're sharing with you, which is the holding and gaining share. So I think it's reconcilable. We're improving a bit faster than the market in the second half of the year. Some of that's North America has gotten a bit better and I think malware confuses that a little bit.
Operator: And we have reached our allotted time for question-and-answer potion. That does conclude the Mondelez International Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-02 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap - Mondelz International, Inc. Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc. Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.
Analysts: Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Mondelz International Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelz management and the question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelz. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap - Mondelz International, Inc.: Good morning and thanks for joining us. With me today are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and Brian Gladden, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out two press releases and presentation slides, which are available on our website, mondelezinternational.com/investors. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise noted. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Irene.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: Thanks, Shep, and good morning. By now, I'm sure you've seen our two press releases, and you're all Googling furiously. So before we discuss our second quarter results, let me take a few minutes to talk about my decision to retire and our plans for CEO succession. In 2006, when I became CEO of Kraft Foods, it was about to become an independent publicly-traded company. We were a U.S.-centric conglomerate with a vast portfolio of undersupported brands in a wide variety of categories. Over the last decade, we took a number of bold actions to create today's Mondelz International, most notably the acquisition of Cadbury; the spin-off of our North American grocery business, which created the new Kraft; and the creation of the world's largest pure-play coffee company. As a result, we're now the leading snacking company in the world with 85% of our net revenue coming from snacks, market-leading positions in each of our categories and more than 70% of our revenue coming from profitable Power Brands, a presence in over 165 countries and nearly 40% of our sales in faster-growing emerging markets. Importantly, over that time, we enabled the creation of tremendous value for our shareholders, including over $120 billion through share price appreciation and dividends, and total shareholder returns that have significantly outperformed our peers. It has been the honor of a lifetime to serve as Chairman and CEO of this great company. I truly enjoyed working alongside my colleagues around the world to achieve our bold ambitions and create value for our shareholders. As I announce my retirement today, let me emphasize that I've never been more confident in our plans and in our momentum as I prepare to turn the reins over to my successor, Dirk Van de Put, currently President and CEO of McCain Foods. Over the past few years, our board has been engaged in a thorough multiyear succession planning process. This included a comprehensive global process that considered numerous highly talented internal and external candidates. I'm very pleased with the process that resulted in the choice of Dirk. We're confident that we found the right leader to steer our company to the next stage of our journey to sustainable growth. Dirk is a truly global executive, a seasoned CEO, who's had deep experience in the food and beverage industry at leading CPG companies with presence in emerging and developed markets. He's lived and worked on three continents and has proven his ability to drive growth on both the top and bottom lines. Under Dirk's leadership since 2011, McCain Foods has grown net sales by more than 50%, three quarters of which was organic, and EBITDA has grown double-digits for each of the past six years. Importantly, he achieved these strong results with a values-based leadership style and a steadfast focus on people. We look forward to his bringing this experience and a fresh set of eyes to build on our margin progress and accelerate our growth. I have no doubt that Dirk together with our strong leadership team will continue to achieve even greater success in the years ahead. And of course, I'll be cheering loudly from the sidelines as a sizable shareholder. Dirk will become CEO effective in November, and I look forward to continuing to serve as Chairman of our board until the end of the first quarter next year to ensure a smooth transition. With that context, let me thank all of you for your support and commitment to our company over these many years. Brian and I look forward to introducing you to Dirk as he comes on board. So now, let's talk about our second quarter. It's difficult to discuss our Q2 results without first saying a few words about the malware incident of June 27. Despite tremendous efforts by our teams to continue to operate the business, manufacture our products and serve customer needs, given the timing of the attack, we experienced meaningful disruption in our ability to ship and invoice during the last four days of the quarter. As a result, our Q2 organic net revenue growth was negatively affected by approximately 2.4 percentage points, slightly less than what we estimated in our July 6 press release. While we're not yet back to normal, we expect to recover the majority of these delayed shipments in the third quarter. Brian will discuss this in more detail in a few minutes. Despite this unfortunate incident, our underlying performance in Q2 was largely in line with our expectations. Excluding the impact of the malware incident and the India Goods and Services Tax, organic net revenue would have been roughly flat, and three of our four regions performed well. On the bottom line, despite the impact of the malware incident, we continued to deliver strong adjusted operating income margin expansion and double-digit adjusted EPS growth at constant currency. What's more, we feel especially good about our strong and growing cash flow, which enables us to fully fund our growth initiatives and deliver compelling capital returns. In the second quarter, we returned approximately $900 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. In addition, we announced today that our board has increased the quarterly dividend by 16%, reflecting the strength of our business and our improving free cash flow. Going forward, we're now planning to grow our dividend in excess of adjusted EPS growth. While Brian will provide details on our performance by region, I'd like to say a few words about North America, which continued to be challenged. As we discussed last quarter, we're actively working to improve the trajectory of our U.S. business, and the team is executing with a sense of urgency. While the Q2 numbers were soft, we are seeing some green shoots which give us confidence that we'll see improvement in the back half. In particular, we're optimistic about our robust pipeline of well-being innovation and core brand renovation, our white space chocolate expansion and gains in displays and shelf space as we capitalize on our competitor's transition out of its DSD network. So in summary, our underlying performance in the first half came in largely as expected, and we continue to expect improved top line growth as we progress through the second half. As a result, we've maintained our full year outlook. Let me now turn it over to Brian to discuss our Q2 performance in more detail.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Thanks, Irene, and good morning. Before I get into the quarter, let me provide more details on the malware incident and where we currently stand in our recovery. On June 27, like many other companies, we were globally impacted by an unprecedented malware incident. For the last four days of the quarter and into the third quarter, we had limited ability to ship and invoice customers in many markets. Thankfully, our teams managed to keep many of our manufacturing facilities running, which was a critical accomplishment. We executed our business continuity and contingency plans to contain the impact of the incident and minimize business disruption with a focus on consumers and customers. Over the past four weeks, we've worked tirelessly to restore our systems and recover from the disruption. Although we've now restored the majority of our affected systems, in a few cases, parts of our supply chain have still not fully recovered, and we anticipate some impacts in our third quarter. We'll also incur some additional one-time costs related to the incident during the second half. In terms of our results, the malware incident had a negative impact of approximately 240 basis points to organic net revenue, or about $140 million. We expect to recover a majority of the delayed second quarter shipments in our third quarter, and we've made good progress in shipping these orders during the month of July. We did, however, permanently lose some revenue due to shorter supply chains, mispromotions and lost consumption in some markets. That said, we do not believe the incident has had any long-term impact to our customer relationships or market share. We're pleased with our execution during this crisis and believe that our business continuity plans were effective in minimizing the impact to our customers and to our ongoing financial results. As you can imagine, we are conducting a comprehensive review of the incident to determine any potential opportunities to further improve the security of our global systems environment. Currently, we do not expect the required investments to be material to our results. This event has underscored the resiliency of our team and their ability to pull together in the face of adversity. I'd like to thank our teams for their tireless efforts to put us back on track and ensure that we're focused most importantly on our customers and consumers. As Irene stated, our second quarter results were largely in line with our expectations, absent the malware incident and the transition impact of the India GST, which were a combined headwind of 260 basis points to our top line growth. Excluding these items, our organic net revenue growth would have been essentially flat. The impact of these incidents masked solid results in a number of areas. For instance, our global e-commerce net revenues continued to grow strongly, up 30%. In Europe, we executed well overall and especially in our chocolate business. And several of our emerging markets are stabilizing and have an improving macro outlook. We're delivering solid results in countries such as India, Vietnam and Mexico, where market fundamentals are improving, and our momentum is strong. Now let's take a closer look at our margin performance. Q2 marked another quarter of strong adjusted OI margin expansion as we continued to aggressively reduce cost. Adjusted OI margin was 15.8%, up 90 basis points. Our progress was driven by improved SG&A as we continued to execute our Zero-Based Budgeting program, which delivered cost reductions in both overheads and advertising spend. We expect our advertising and consumer promotion spending will be about flat for the total year as we move some spending to the second half. Adjusted gross margin decreased 10 basis points as continued solid net productivity and better pricing were offset by unfavorable mix and higher input costs, especially in dairy. We continue to see gross margin improvements as a key enabler to delivering our 2018 margin expansion commitments. For the first half, adjusted OI margin was 16.3%, and we remain on track to deliver our mid-16% outlook for the year. I do want to note that we decided to adjust out the incremental costs associated with the malware incident in the quarter, representing about $7 million. As I said, we will incur additional one-time costs in the second half as well but do not expect them to be material at this point. Let me now turn to our regional performance. We continue to see solid trends underlying the results in three of our four regions. Europe posted another strong quarter of margin expansion with an increase in adjusted OI margin of 220 basis points to 19%. Strong net productivity, lower A&C costs and continued overhead reductions drove the improvement. Organic net revenue declined 0.7%, including a negative impact of 220 basis points due to the malware incident. Despite this impact, Europe delivered solid vol/mix growth in both chocolate and biscuits, and our chocolate business performance was led by Germany and Russia. Our Europe business continues to demonstrate solid operating performance, and we remain encouraged by additional growth opportunities, including in chocolate bakery and chocolate seasonals. In our large and diverse EMEA region, we continue to navigate through a mixed environment. Our Asia Pacific business delivered solid results while some of our markets in the Middle East continue to be challenged. Adjusted OI margin increased 230 basis points to 15.6%, driven primarily by lower A&C spend, continued overhead management and a property insurance recovery. In markets like the Middle East, we've selectively trimmed A&C spending where returns have been challenged. Organic revenue declined 0.7%, including a negative impact of 90 basis points from the transition impact of the India GST and the malware incident. Despite those impacts, we delivered strong results in India and Southeast Asia. Our India business grew mid-single digits despite the impact from GST. Excluding this headwind, growth would have been double-digit. Chocolate continued to be strong as we executed our plans, and the overall market conditions remained good. China posted a small decline, driven primarily by soft category trends. Our gum business continued to grow and take share, and Milka chocolate performed in line with our expectations. We expect our biscuit business trajectory to improve as we relaunched Oreo this summer with both improved packaging and a new product formula. Difficult economic conditions in the Middle East continue to pressure category growth, but our year-over-year comparisons are easier in the second half. In Latin America, adjusted OI margin increased 530 basis points to 14.3%, primarily driven by improved overhead costs and lower A&C spend, as we continue to adjust our spending levels to match the market dynamics in countries like Brazil and Argentina. Organic net revenue declined 0.5%, including a negative impact of 280 basis points from the malware incident. Mexico delivered solid growth, driven by strength in candy while Argentina implemented pricing to offset currency-driven inflation. Brazil remains challenging due to continued economic weakness. Our chocolate business delivered a third consecutive quarter of growth and solid share performance, while our biscuits business continued to face difficult price gaps and consumer down trading. Consistent with our discussion during our first quarter call, our North America results were challenged in Q2 as overall category growth was even lower than our tempered expectations. Adjusted OI margin declined 250 basis points to 19.2%, driven primarily by benefits in the prior year related to an asset sale. It's important to note that of all of our regions, the North America region was most impacted by the malware incident, driven by the lower trade stock levels associated with DSD. As we've said, this is also the market where we had the majority of our lost consumption due to the July 4 holiday timing. Organic net revenue declined 8%, including a negative impact of 410 basis points from the malware incident. These results were driven by U.S. biscuits, as well as declines in gum. As Irene mentioned, we're moving with a sense of urgency to address the issues we've identified and feel confident this business will return to growth. We continue to expect to see improved results in the back half of the year. We have a strong second half innovation agenda in North America. This includes our new Va snacks and non-GMO Triscuit crackers, both of which launched in July as well as belVita Protein, RITZ Crisp & Thins and GOOD THiNS, which continue to gain share. Our white space Oreo Milka chocolate candy is also gaining momentum with healthy velocity and stronger peak rates as we expand distribution and capacity. In addition, our DSD-driven share gain plans are now beginning to play out as we'd expected. As our competitor began to transition out of its DSD system at the end of Q2 and our major customers reset their shelves, we're now capitalizing by gaining displays and share of shelf. We expect this to be a key growth driver in the second half and into next year. Now, let me spend a few moments providing some highlights by category. Snacking category growth was 1.5%, which was generally in line with our full year expectation. We're pleased that our shares have stabilized and were roughly flat for the first half. You should note that these revenue growth numbers include the negative impact of the malware incident. Our biscuits business posted a revenue decline as solid performance in the UK, Japan and Germany was offset by weakness in the U.S. Approximately 80% of our year-to-date revenue grew or held share. In chocolate, our business grew 5%, driven by solid results in Germany, India and Brazil. We continue to see good momentum in U.S. chocolate, which is now benefiting from increased capacity coming out in the second half, as well as Milka in China, which continued to perform well. Approximately 60% of our year-to-date revenue grew or held share in this category. Gum and candy declined approximately 7% as the gum category continued to experience significant weakness, especially in the U.S. We're planning for continued category declines while working on initiatives to stabilize share and shift focus to our strong, growing and highly profitable candy and mint platforms. About 45% of our year-to-date revenue in gum and candy gained or held share. Turning to earnings per share, in Q2, we delivered adjusted EPS of $0.48, up 19% on a constant currency basis, driven by our strong operating income growth. We continue to expect to deliver double-digit EPS growth for the full year. As you think about your models, let me remind you that our results now exclude the impact of our French confectionery and Australian cheese and grocery business divestitures that closed in April and early July, respectively. These items were detailed in an 8-K we issued last week. These businesses account for approximately $530 million in revenue and $0.06 of EPS on an annual basis. The divestitures improve our growth rates while we're moving quickly to remove stranded costs associated with these actions. In Q2, we returned approximately $900 million of capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. As we receive cash for our two recent divestitures, we're increasing our full year expectation for share repurchases to between $1.5 billion and $2 billion. In addition, we raised our quarterly dividend by 16% and are now targeting to grow our dividend faster than adjusted EPS as our improving free cash flow generation enables us to continue to fully fund our critical growth and transformation investments while also deploying more capital to shareholders. Now to our outlook. Overall, our outlook is unchanged for the full year. Our organic net revenue growth target remains at least 1%. We expect adjusted OI margin in the mid-16% range as well as double-digit adjusted EPS growth on a constant currency basis. As you think about your models for the next two quarters, remember that Q4 is seasonally a higher revenue quarter and will be higher than Q3 even after the impact of the additional malware incident related shipments. You'll note that we're absorbing the dilution from the two divestitures, but we're also adjusting our outlook for interest expense for the year, and the two items roughly offset one another. And with respect to free cash flow, we continue to expect to deliver approximately $2 billion for the year as we see lower CapEx, improved margins and good working capital efficiency. With that, let me turn it back to Irene for a few closing comments before we take your questions.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: Thanks, Brian. Throughout my tenure as CEO, the world and our industry have undergone unprecedented change. During that time, we anticipated the emerging challenges, adapted accordingly, and in the process, created significant value for our shareholders. I'm proud to leave this company far stronger than the one I started with. I'm indebted to my 90,000 colleagues around the world who have worked tirelessly to deliver their commitments each and every day in the face of many challenges. Looking ahead, I'm confident that our long-term value-creation strategy continues to position us to win and that the future for our great company is, indeed, very bright. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning, everyone, and congratulations to you, Irene.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: Thanks, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess, my question is just related back to the North American biscuit category. I guess everything you see is that snacking in general is still growing, yet the category is sort of lagging snacking growth in North America. So Irene, can you sort of just give us some more color in terms of where you think the category is missing? Is it not channel diverse enough? Is it losing share to other snack options? Just trying to understand really why the category seems to be lagging overall snacking in North America.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah. Bryan, we talked about this at CAGNY. And frankly, we've been looking at this for quite some time. I think it starts with the fact that we're seeing price deflation and erosion in promotion effectiveness in a number of markets but particularly acute in the U.S. And I think you probably have heard that from many of our competitors. In response to that, we are progressing our revenue management activities to continue to find those places that we're getting the best return, to work with our customers to understand the ROI of some of the various promotional practices that are going on. And frankly, I do believe that U.S. food deflation will begin to stabilize later this year. The second one is that we are seeing continued shifts toward health and well-being products. And again, as we've talked on a number of occasions, we're taking significant steps, both in terms of renovating existing brands with things like organic Triscuits, belVita Protein, RITZ Crisp & Thins as well as totally new products like Va, which we just are in the process of introducing into the marketplace. And we believe that will help to not only improve our share position, and it's a big part of our back half share recovery, but we also think it will ultimately stimulate category growth. And then lastly, there is a piece that is non-measured channels. Again, primarily e-commerce, which in snacks is a fairly small piece of the business, but it's also natural food stores and other places where the consumer is shopping and once again, it's one of the reasons we have chosen to focus our efforts so much as we complete our supply chain reinvention on having the flexibility to introduce different package formats and different package sizes so that we can be present in whatever channels the consumer is shopping. So net-net, we are seeing continued category declines. And in fact, as Brian said, it got a little bit worse in the second quarter, but we have great confidence as we look to the back half of the year, particularly a number of the actions that we're taking that will start to see that category recover.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, everybody.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Irene, congratulations as well from me on your decision.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: Thank you.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Two quick questions. First just the first one around Dirk, I know he doesn't start till November. Mondelz, obviously, has a 2018 margin target. You've got an expectation that margins can further improve in the years thereafter. I'm sure any new CEO candidate is going to do their due diligence around the certain targets that are out there, whether they be revenue or margin oriented. But I mean, could we have confidence, I guess, that Dirk is sort of fully bought in, if you will, and supportive of the kind of margin targets that are already out there? Or do you think there's still a need for a new CEO to come in and do his or her own sort of more in-depth analysis in the seat, and that those things are all potentially subject to change? And then I've just got a follow-up.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: Well, I think there's no question. It's too early to speculate on what Dirk might do as he gets fully on board. But what I will say is, he's very familiar certainly from having done his own due diligence about what this company's progress has looked like, and what our aspirations are. And quite frankly, as I said, one of the reasons that we selected him as our leader is the fact that he has a very proven track record of being ambidextrous, as I call it, walking and chewing gum, top line and bottom line, and it's actually quite an impressive set of results. So he's a seasoned CEO. He knows well the challenges that one needs to make on the top line and the bottom line. And again, he's got a proven track record in that area. So, I have great confidence that he will come in here. Obviously, he wants to learn and form his own opinions, but I feel quite comfortable with the targets that are laid out.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you for that. And then, just to follow back up on North America biscuit, obviously the competitor DSD transition is one of the things that you pointed out that will help improve biscuit trends in the back half of the year. And you mentioned some incremental display and shelf gains. Now that we're a little further into this process, I was wondering if there were any maybe more specific metrics you could share along those lines. Because I guess when it was initially announced, Mondelz was certainly pretty excited about the potential opportunity. And maybe it's just me, but it seems like more recently, some of the commentary from the company has been a little more along the lines of, well, we'll see if we get a benefit. If not, we can always rethink things, too. And I'm just trying to think maybe it's more the way I'm reading into it than it is reality. But any color you can share around some of the metrics about the type of gains maybe you'd expect might be helpful there?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: Andrew, we feel every bit as confident and optimistic about the opportunity that our competitor's exit presents us with. For competitive reasons, we've been reticent to get into a lot of the specifics, but I will tell you we are seeing early success, and part of the challenge is we've been talking about this for quite some time. They announced six months to nine months ago, and we told you what we were going to do, and now we're actually about doing it. So, we have every confidence that we will pick up incremental shelf space, incremental displays, and it will be a key contributor to the trajectory change on our North American business in the back half of the year.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: And I think, Andrew, as you look at some of the July data, it will be a little messy because of some of the malware shipment timing issues. But again, at the individual retail or account level, we feel very good about the progress.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: I guess the other point is, Andrew, it is an expensive capability, and so we want to be clear with our shareholders that we will be prudent as we continue to leverage this asset to make sure that it's giving us a good return. So that's the context in which you might have heard us refer to that.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel Capital.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Hey, Chris.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I wish you well, Irene, in your retirement as well. In relation to revenue growth, as I think about the organic revenue growth, the improvement required in the second half of the year, I guess, I wanted to understand where you're seeing some strength in the business? I heard you, Brian, mention some better emerging market performances kind of shaping up there. I'm just trying to understand where you're seeing that improvement that will help us get a better feel for the second half improvement in revenue growth?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah. Look, you're talking globally?
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Globally, and I realize that the malware incident, you have some benefit in Q3. I get that. I was thinking more about the underlying business, if you will, and how it's improving.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah, look, there's no question as we think about the second half. So you can do the math on what we need to do in the second half to get to at least one. That's still  we need a good second half. The malware incident has created a headwind, and I would say it does make that target a little bit tougher as we talked a little bit about some of the third quarter challenges. But I'll give you a few reasons to believe that we feel good about the second half. Three of our four regions are actually executing well and don't really need a significant change in trajectory as we look at the second half. The second thing is we will ship through the majority of the Q2 malware shipments. And again, July, we did the majority of that and feel good about that. We also, as Irene talked a bit about North America, we have good confidence in North America having a much better second half, and it's about the DSD opportunity. It's about the pipeline of health and wellness opportunities that we're pursuing, and it's about the execution of the team as we've had leadership in place there. So, those are really the drivers that I think we feel good about it. There's the Va, the Triscuit and the share gains that we'll have, and we think that will also help the category growth in North America. And then in general, I think as you look at the second half, we have easier compares. You got India demonetization. You've got some of the weakness we saw and trade stock dynamics playing out of the Middle East that I think will help us in the second half as we look at compares. So look I think we feel pretty good about the opportunity to have a much better second half, and those are the real drivers.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I just had one quick follow-up question for you. I did hear a number of divisions where A&C spending was down. In some cases, it was you're kind of rightsizing to the opportunity in a given market like in Latin America. Is that the trend then we should expect or as you think about reinvestment back in the business, maybe not so much just all A&C, but how is that A&C trending in the second half of the year?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah, look. I think we expect  it was around 9% for the first half, which is slightly down from where we were in the first half of last year, but roughly in the range of where we've been as we look at the last six quarters or so. For the full year, I would say we'll be approximately flat. So, we will have a little bit of timing and more A&C spending in the second half. We continue to distort that spending, obviously, to Power Brands and to markets where we're seeing the growth opportunity, and therefore, we've taken it out of some. Digital mix continues to be a priority. We're projected to be at 30% of our spend on digital. We still think that makes lots of sense. And again, as I said, given the innovation initiatives that we have in the back half, that will drive some of the spending that we have lined up for the second half.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you for your time.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: You got it, Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, and Irene, best wishes to you from me as well.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Hi, Ken.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Irene, it's a little backward looking of a question, and you highlighted many of your accomplishments over the years, and clearly, you've helped create a lot of value for shareholders. But everyone has decisions we wish we could change. I always find it interesting to sort of ask outgoing leaders. As you look back on your career running Kraft and Mondelz, are there any choices that stand out that you made that maybe with 20/20 hindsight you would have done slightly differently? I always find that informational.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah. No, I think it's a great question. Actually as I have had a chance to reflect on the last decade or so, I'm quite proud of a number of the things that happened. I think the portfolio decisions probably are kind of at the top of the list. I'm proud of the pivot that we made in response as we launched the company, the pivot that we made to more aggressively go after cost and improve margins. And I think in hindsight, I think perhaps we could have gone after the costs a little faster that would have helped us to be able to have the fuel to invest in our growth a little bit sooner. But I actually think that one of the things that I'm most proud of is having been able to balance the long-term and the short-term and the flexibility to pivot as we did in 2013, 2014 as we jump-started ZBB and supply chain reinvention and our Mondelz Business Services to allow us to deliver the margin expansion. So, I think my regret is that we haven't fully realized the potential on the top-line, and I have every confidence again as I hand the reins over to Dirk and we look at his track record that, that is the last piece of the puzzle here.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. And then a quick follow-up for me. Can you talk about the board's decision? I know you mentioned what Dirk's qualifications are, and certainly, he's had a good bit of success at McCain, but can you talk about the board's decision to go outside the firm to identify the next CEO? Typically, there are internal candidates at the senior level who are interested in these kind of jobs. So how do you think about that? And frankly, how is the team and the board managing the morale of the top internal candidates who maybe, to be frank, are slightly disappointed right now?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah. Over the last couple of years as I talked with the board about my plans and my timeline for retirement, they put in place, as you would expect, a very thorough multiyear process. And in that process, the board considered both internal and external candidates, and there was a very talented pool of both internal and external candidates. I'm very pleased with the choice of Dirk and for all the reasons that we've laid out, and I feel quite confident that he will work hand in glove with our senior leaders to deliver on the commitments that we've made.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Wishing you all the very best for the next chapter, Irene. Thank you. Can I ask about the gross margin outlook? It feels as though the gross margin progression has been pretty flat recently, I guess, certainly this quarter. The commodity outlook, I mean, dairy's obviously a problem at the moment. Will you get some relief at some point perhaps on the cocoa side? And then can you talk specifically about the pricing environment? Particularly here in North America, we're hearing that a lot of the retailers are getting pretty aggressive on pricing, pushing private label. I know that's not a huge issue in confectionery, but it may be in cookies and crackers. So maybe just a few comments on the gross margin outlook, and I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Sure, Alexia. Yeah, I mean, gross margins were down slightly in the quarter, and that's sort of the trend we've had over the last few quarters. The net productivity, the supply chain reinvention work is executing well. We're delivering strong net productivity. So that's not the challenge. I would say, clearly, we lost some volume leverage in the quarter as it related to the malware issue, and the pricing dynamic, pricing in general was positive, and the reality is most of that was driven by some of the inflationary economies like Argentina and Egypt, Nigeria. Those are big, big drivers where we had significant pricing. There's a couple of places where we have seen trade spending and incremental pricing challenges. You call out the U.S. I would just say in the U.S., that pricing has been more or less tied to some of the DSD opportunities as we position to gain some market share and take shelf space. Obviously, that's part of the equation and just something that we had expected to do. So we've been appropriately investing there. So again, I would just close by saying I think gross margins will continue to be a key element as we look at the margin expansion. And again, we have a full portfolio of programs we're driving around productivity that we expect will deliver over the next multiple quarters here.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: And the commodity outlook, does it get better in 2018?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah. Clearly, we've seen cocoa drop, but as you know, it's more than cocoa in the portfolio. Dairy has been a challenge. Even cocoa butter has been a challenge, wheat and sugar. There're some other things moving the other way. Right now, in the first half of the year, commodities were a pressure, and they were a pressure versus what we even had in our plans. As we go to the second half, not significant changes, as we're mostly hedged for a lot of those commodities, and dairy, as I think you know, there's not a lot of liquidity, and you can't really hedge that exposure. So as you head into 2018, based on what we see right now, there's a bit of relief. But obviously, you have to work through the pricing dynamics, and it's a complex equation.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Good morning, folks. Congratulations, Irene, for your pending retirement. I hope you have ample time to enjoy it in the years ahead. I guess I want to come back to the top line growth and what you're highlighting for category growth. You're footnoting a lot of brick-and-mortar data with Nielsen, which I think we all know is sort of imperfect. If we marry it with Euromonitor data and try to replicate your analysis, it yields a different conclusion, that your end markets are growing something closer to a bit north of 4%, which is slower than historical context, but a lot better than the bit north of 2% that you reported last year. I mean, there's flaws in both data sets. But as you contemplate what's not captured in Nielsen, do you think Euromonitor may be a more accurate prediction? Or structurally, do you really think your categories are slowing so much so rapidly? And what does it mean for the long term?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: So Jason, I think the growth is closer to 2% than it is to 4%. I'm not quite sure how you've put those numbers together. And it is slower than certainly than the rates that we would have seen a number of years ago. But I think we've set our expectations properly. I think we've got a good sense of category growth. We've been focused disproportionately on our share growth. I'm delighted to see our shares stabilizing as we come out of the second quarter. And we are very focused on our pipeline of innovation and renovation to help to continue to drive our overall share performance. So I think in the foreseeable future, we're probably looking at category trends in the approximately 2% range, and I think we have a real opportunity to drive our share performance within those categories.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: But we are, as we've talked about, disproportionately moving investments and building route-to-market capability and distribution around channels that are growing faster. So acknowledging that there are some unmeasured channels that clearly may provide more growth is something we've done and clearly, putting some investment there is part of our strategy.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Sure, sure. But it sounds like thinking about the path to eventual reacceleration, it's a path to 2% now, not a path to north of 4%. I mean, tell me if you disagree with that. And then secondly, I'm looking at the same chart you showed in the first quarter. First quarter category growth down 2.5%, this quarter up 1.5% on a year-to-date basis, suggesting that this quarter actually had a pretty dramatic snap back in category growth.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: If you recall, Jason, the issue in the first quarter was the timing of Easter, so...
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Consumption for Easter was  yeah.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: Year-to-date, we're approximately at about 1.5%. So that smooths out the impact of Easter.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: We said (45:59) in the first quarter was somewhere closer to 1%. So it's 1% to 1.5% is about what we're seeing pretty consistently.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: But, let me bring this back. We continue to feel very strongly with snacking categories, we'll grow faster than the rest of food that we will grow faster than center of the store categories because we are more impulse driven. We've got good demographic trends as a tailwind as we think about the fact that people are traveling farther to work, more women in the workforce, et cetera, which is causing people to snack more often. And so the combination of all of those factors together should give us a nice tailwind, particularly the emerging market is really the key to getting the aggregate category growth closer to the levels that you're talking about is really to see the emerging markets come back, and slowly but surely. We're starting to see that, in markets like Brazil, for example, they're still well below historical rates. So as we see the emerging markets come back, our strong footprint in those markets, our strong brand positions, together with the actions that we're taking should allow us to disproportionately continue to grow our share and the categories in the face of the broader macro trends.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, thanks for the question. And best wishes, Irene. Hey, Brian, I think when we met a couple of months ago, you said that you had a whole war room set up to try to plot a strategy for the second half for Nabisco and DSD, but I was hoping you could give us some numbers on any kind of distribution gains that you've achieved? You mentioned it qualitatively. But is there anything you can help us with when we watch the Nielsen data come through as to what kind of ACV to expect or just roughly how many customers you've made gains with?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah. I think, Rob, it's still just a little bit early. I hope you can sense our optimism and positive energy around it. I think, clearly, we're in the middle of shelf resets now, and you'll start to see that play out as you move through August and into September. And as I said a little bit earlier, there is a bit of noise because of some of the shift in timing and what played into July, and how that may have affected some of the shelf resets, and we're working through that now. But I'm not going to provide details. I mean, obviously, there's a competitive sensitivity to sharing some of that data as well. You'll see it play out, but I think it'll play out as you get through the third quarter into the fourth quarter, I think it'll be much clearer in some of that reported data. That's what I would say.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: So your confidence then, Brian, is because you have commitments like verbal commitments from customers to make these changes?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: In many cases, yes.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Hey, John.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Irene, you mentioned your belief in gaining market share in a 2% growth category and, I guess, what stands out is maybe your distribution model in China, which enabled gum success, and now we're seeing it again with Milka. How unique is your route-to-market in China and its ability to leverage multiple categories? And how should we think about your other routes-to-market either by category or geography where the structure may be allows you do more in terms of cross-selling, like where are you not fully maximizing your potential at this point?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: Well, I think, John, it's actually  our route-to-market in China is somewhat unique relative to other markets. But frankly, the success that we've had with gum and now in chocolate is simply the playbook, which is that we intend to have all of our categories available in all of our countries. And so as we think about the emerging markets, most of those countries are dominant single category countries. And slowly but surely, we are bringing our brands into those white spaces, and so chocolate in China is a good example. The opportunity to bring chocolate here to the U.S. is another example. It's not about the nature of the route-to-market. Frankly, it's our investment in the feet on the ground that allow us to have the reach into broader parts of the country. So the investments that we're making in all of our geographies are designed to give us the infrastructure in Brazil, in China, in India, and South East Asia that will then allow us to put all of our categories through that pipe. So we have great visibility and optimism about the runway of growth opportunities that will come from the introduction of all of our categories into what is white space for us in a number of markets.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And just as a follow-up, in terms of where your resources stand today, what's your ability to get to achieve that with organic resources as opposed to anymore externally on M&A?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: As we've said, we feel very good about the overall composition of the portfolio and about our reach. We are well positioned certainly in the BRIC markets and in a number of the second-tier markets, but we will continue to look for opportunities to supplement that portfolio as we did in Vietnam, with our Kinh Do acquisition. So in that case, we had a business in Vietnam. It was fairly small. We instantly became the number one snacking company in that country with the acquisition of Kinh Do. So we will continue to look for opportunities to supplement our basic footprint, but we feel quite good about the overall footprint and approximately 40% of our revenue that is in emerging markets.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We have time for one final question. Our final question this morning comes from Steven Strycula with UBS.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Congrats, Irene, and Brian, you never showed me your DSD war room. So next time I come to Chicago, I want to see it. But...
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: (52:18)
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: All right. Two questions. First one is for Irene for chocolate production. With cross-border taxes being less of an issue going forward, how do you think about freeing up extra capacity locally to feed the U.S. marketplace? And can you speak to some of the success you've had already with the Oreo and Milka launch?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Is that chocolate specifically, Steve, or just broadly?
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. Specific to chocolate.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah, So one of the things I said in the prepared comments was we have added capacity that that's come online even in the last few weeks, and we now have the capability in the U.S. to accelerate some of our distribution expansion. So you'll see a broader footprint and a bigger market position for Oreo, Milka as that capacities come on. It's not U.S. based capacity. We will likely, as this business grows and we continue to invest, need to have a discussion around where we put incremental capacity beyond that, and that's something that we probably phase into within the next probably 12 months as we think about that business. But we're not there yet, and we've got plenty of capacity to drive the growth that we have for the second half and into next year.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then, Irene, for emerging markets, I've heard other CPG companies with more global footprints talk about losing share to local brands in markets like Brazil, similar to what's happening in biscuits right now. What is key to kind of reaccelerating volume and taking back market share in places like Brazil or even Russia? Is it really coming out with more affordable price pack architecture? Or just maybe even launching new brands that are more geared to the lower income demographic? Could you kind of speak to how we kind of accelerate in those markets?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah, and it's exactly what you said. It is the fact that we are seeing, particularly in challenged economies like Brazil, we are seeing that value pricing is very important to the consumers there. And one of the things that's been a big focus of ours as we have implemented our supply chain reinvention is the opportunity to have more flexible packaging formats available, so that we can provide our products in a variety of packaged formats at different price points. And so the key for us in competing in, particularly in the emerging markets, with a number of lower-priced local competitors is our ability to create smaller pack sizes of our existing products, and we're finding that is working quite well for us, and that will be a key source of our share gains  they are actually today a source of share gains and will be increasingly important as we look ahead.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude the Mondelz second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap - Mondelz International, Inc. Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc. Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.
Analysts: Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Mondelz International First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelz management and the question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelz. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap - Mondelz International, Inc.: Thank you. And good afternoon. And thanks for joining us. With me today are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and Brian Gladden, our CFO. Shortly after market close today, we sent out our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website, mondelezinternational.com/investors. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise noted. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Irene.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks, Shep, and good afternoon. We're off to a solid start in 2017, having delivered another quarter of growth on both the top and bottom lines in a challenging environment. While there have been some puts and takes so far, our business is playing out largely as we expected. On the top line, we delivered organic growth of 0.6%, slightly ahead of our expectation, but there's still work to do. Our Power Brands continued to be a strong driver of overall performance, with organic growth up 2.5%, once again outpacing category growth. A number of our key markets, including Russia, Germany, Southeast Asia, and Mexico delivered strong growth. In addition, India rebounded faster than expected from the impact of demonetization, delivering high single digit growth. In fact, except for North America, all regions delivered solid results. I'll say a few more words about North America in just a few minutes. On the bottom line, we continue to make significant progress and build on our strong track record of margin expansion. Adjusted OI margin increased by 90 basis points to 16.8%. Overhead savings and productivity drove the improvement, as we continue to deliver operational efficiencies across the business. Adjusted EPS growth was solid, an increase of 6% at constant currency, driven mainly by operating earnings. And finally, we returned significant capital to our shareholders in the first quarter, with nearly $800 million in dividends and share repurchases. Consistent with the three pillars of our growth strategy that we shared at CAGNY earlier this year, we continue to invest in our advantage platforms. First, we remain focus on contemporizing our core to ensure that our brands stay relevant to a very dynamic consumer. We're investing in our Power Brands and key markets where we see good returns. For example, in EMEA, Cadbury chocolate grew double digits in India, supported by solid innovations and strong marketing, while our team worked with customers to manage through demonetization. Southeast Asia was up mid-single digits, which included solid performance in several countries across the market, and the launch of belVita in Indonesia. In Europe, Russia was up double digits with strong volume growth behind Alpen Gold chocolate. And Germany was up mid-single digits, driven by strong performance of our chocobakery platform and Milka chocolate, as well as from expanded distribution of Oreo and TUC biscuits. In Latin America, Brazil chocolate continues to recover and drove good revenue growth. In addition, Mexico, which remains a source of strength in the region, delivered solid growth with organic revenue up mid-single digits. At the same time, we're taking actions to manage our non-Power Brands. We expect to close two previously announced divestitures in Q2. Our Australian cheese and grocery business, and part of our French confectionery business, which together represent more than $500 million of revenue. These deals are not only financially attractive but they'll also help us increase our Power Brand mix, improve our growth rate, and expand margins, as we eliminate the resulting stranded costs. Our second growth strategy is to support expansion into new consumer need states, especially well-being, as well as into geographic white spaces, like chocolate in China and the U.S., and biscuits in Japan. In the well-being space, we're pleased with the ongoing strength of belVita biscuits, up mid-single digits globally, as well as with the strong launch of Ritz Crisp & Thins in the U.S. And the continued strength of GOOD THiNS crackers. The accelerating growth of well-being products is one of the biggest shifts facing our industry, and we're addressing this with urgency. As we enter the back half of 2017, we have an unprecedented pipeline of innovation, including new items like Va as well as renovation of existing products like Triscuit. In addition, we're actively filling geographic white spaces. In the U.S., our Milka Oreo chocolate bars are off to a strong start as we ramp up to full distribution. In China, Milka chocolate continues to build strong brand awareness and trial. In fact, in Q1, Milka achieved a 2.4% market share and brand awareness reached 40%. In Q2, we'll continue our investment in innovation and white spaces, setting the stage for a strong back half. The third pillar of our growth strategy is to continue expanding our sales and distribution capabilities. We're pleased that our eCommerce business posted another quarter of exceptional growth, with net revenue up nearly 30%. We're partnering with key e-tailers such as Alibaba and Amazon as they expand their services in new markets. We're also working with our brick and mortar retail partners who remain the foundation of our business. In addition, we continue to invest in our routes to market. In emerging markets, we're reaching more traditional trade outlets in second and third-tier cities in China and across rural areas of India. We're also working to evolve our coverage in Brazil, to deepen our presence in existing stores while enhancing our impulse portfolio to improve visibility in the hot zone. In developed markets like the U.S., we're expanding our presence in convenience stores as we roll out on-the-go products like belVita Protein bars and smaller pack sizes of our base brands, which are tailor-made for this channel. Our investments in flexible packaging capabilities with our lines of the future are now enabling much broader price pack architecture across our key categories. For example, our new Ritz lines can now flex to produce from 2 slugs to 18 slugs in one package, and from 10 crackers to 40 crackers per slug, with minimal changeover waste. This capability enables us to play in new channels and new occasions at competitive margins. Net-net, our strategy is working, and we remain on track to deliver our full year outlook with improving top line performance as we move through the second half. We're optimistic about our 2017 innovation pipeline, including Va, belVita Protein, and Ritz Crisp & Thins in the U.S., new chocobakery products like Milka brownies, Milka Tender Breaks, and Cadbury Roundies in Europe, and Cadbury Dark Milk chocolate in Australia, which provides high cocoa content without the bitterness. These innovations, together with ongoing white space expansions, such as U.S. and China chocolate, will ramp up in the second half. In addition, we expect to capitalize on the opportunity to flex our direct store delivery muscle in the U.S., to accelerate share gains in the second half. Before I turn it over to Brian, I'd like to provide some context on North America. Suffice it to say, we're not satisfied with our performance in this region. We clearly made great progress on margins, but over the past few quarters, we haven't delivered the type of top line growth we expect. This is especially true in our U.S. biscuit business. While the environment continues to be quite challenging, we're actively working to improve the trajectory of our U.S. business. We have many competitive advantages in North America, our iconic brands, DSD capabilities, now advantaged manufacturing assets, and a robust pipeline of well-being innovation. All of these advantages position us to win over the long-term. But we need to better leverage these assets. As you know, two weeks ago, we announced a leadership change in the region. Tim Cofer is now serving as Interim President of our North America region, in addition to his critical role as Chief Growth Officer. Tim is one of our most experienced and proven commercial leaders and has successfully demonstrated his expertise in growing our businesses in both developed and emerging markets. Although it's early days, Tim and the team are focused on fundamentals, fully leveraging our DSD capability, improving sales and marketing execution, delivering our ambitious 2017 innovation plans, and expanding our channel presence. As these initiatives gain traction, we expect to see material improvement in revenue and share in the back half of the year without losing focus on our margin commitments. Now let me turn it over to Brian to discuss our performance in the quarter in more detail.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks. Thanks, Irene, and good afternoon. As Irene stated, it was a solid start to the year in a challenging environment. We're confident that our full year results will be in line with expectations. Given the market conditions, we delivered solid top line growth, with organic net revenue up 0.6%. Easter timing was less of a headwind than we anticipated as customers ordered and we shipped late in the quarter to stage the holiday. This will have some impact on our Q2 dynamics, which I'll address in our outlook. As we discussed in February, the first quarter did also have a minor effect from the 2016 leap year and the timing of Chinese New Year. But in total, the year-over-year impact of the calendar items ended up being pretty immaterial to the quarter. Emerging markets grew 3.5%, while developed markets declined nearly 1%. Our Europe business performed quite well and is off to a good start to the year, but this was more than offset by declines in North America. Now let's take a closer look at our margin performance. We continue to deliver strong adjusted OI margin expansion, with overhead reductions being the primary driver. Adjusted gross margin decreased 20 basis points as solid net productivity improvements and better pricing were offset by unfavorable mix and higher input costs. Adjusted OI margin was 16.8%, up 90 basis points. This improvement was driven by another quarter of overhead reductions from zero-based budgeting and global shared service initiatives. Similar to Q4, these results include the cost of investments in innovation and white space expansion that are largely in advance of revenue, which will become more meaningful in the back half of the year and into 2018. We expect to make even larger growth-related investments in the second quarter, and that will somewhat temper margin delivery in the quarter. But overall, we're on track with our cost agenda and remain confident in our path to ongoing margin expansion, consistent with the targets we've given you. Now let me provide some insight into our regional performance. One of the real strengths of our model is our broad geographic footprint, which allows us to balance weaker markets against stronger ones. In general, we're seeing positive trends in three of our four regions, and they're performing at or above our expectations. Several of our key markets are showing encouraging signs, so even with a few tough markets, we are, in aggregate, well-positioned for good 2017 performance. Europe delivered another quarter of solid margin expansion, with an increase in adjusted OI margin of 60 basis points. Margins now stand at 19.5%. The Q1 margin improvement was driven by strong net productivity, as well as lower overheads, which offset some incremental A&C investments. Organic net revenue was up 1%, driven by volume. Strong programming in both biscuits and chocolate fueled the growth, despite a continued deflationary environment. We also saw good overall performance in Germany and Russia chocolate, offset by weaker performance in the UK chocolate business as heavy promotional spending in the category continued to pressure short-term results. We believe our Europe performance is differentiated, with good growth and strong margins, and provides a great example of our business strategy in action. In EMEA, our team is managing well in a volatile set of markets. Adjusted OI margin declined 60 basis points to 14.6%, driven primarily by increased A&C support, which offset lower overhead costs and good productivity. Organic revenue increased 1.3%, led by solid growth in India and Southeast Asia. Our China business declined due to the timing of Chinese New Year and softer results in biscuits. However, we delivered good growth in chocolate, as our Milka brand continued to perform well and we continued to gain share in gum. We expect the upcoming relaunch of Oreo this summer to provide positive momentum to the biscuit category for the balance of the year. The Middle East continues to be challenging, but we'll face easier comps as we enter the second half of the year. In Latin America, adjusted OI margin increased over 500 basis points to nearly 16%, primarily driven by improved overhead costs and lower A&C spending, as we've adjusted our spending levels to the realities of the market in Brazil. Organic net revenue increased nearly 4%. Mexico grew mid-single digits, driven by solid growth in gum, candy and meals, while Argentina grew high teens through pricing to offset currency-driven inflation. Brazil remains difficult due to persistent economic weakness. We posted another good quarter in chocolate but continue to experience pressure in biscuits due to price gaps and significant down trading. We expect Brazil will continue to be tough and have factored that into our forecast. Finally, in North America, we again delivered solid margin expansion as adjusted OI margin improved by 50 basis points, primarily driven by ongoing overhead savings. Adjusted OI margin for the quarter was 20.8%. As Irene mentioned, our challenges in North America are top line related. Specifically, the region posted a decline of 1.9%, driven primarily by U.S. biscuits but also impacted by gum. We're taking steps to stabilize the business, putting in place experienced operating leadership and investing more heavily in brands that have momentum. These actions give us confidence in our second half plans. Despite disappointing top line results in aggregate, there were bright spots in North America, including belVita, which gained more than 1 point of share, and the launch of Ritz Crisp & Thins late in the quarter, which helped drive a 0.5 point of share improvement for the brand. Gum decreased due to continued category and consumption declines in the U.S., while candy was flat, driven primarily by the timing of Easter. We continue to see good share momentum and profit contribution from candy brands like Sour Patch Kids, which has become a consistent star. Now let me spend a few minutes providing some highlights by category. Snacking category growth declined about 2.5%, a number that was significantly impacted by the year-over-year calendar impact from Easter. We remain comfortable with our full year view of category growth. In this environment, we're pleased that our shares improved, with solid results in all categories. Our biscuits business posted a slight revenue decline as strong growth in countries like the UK, Japan and Italy was offset by weakness in the U.S. Approximately 80% of our revenue grew or held share. In chocolate, our business grew more than 5%, driven by solid results in Germany, India, and Brazil. In addition, we continue to see good momentum with our recent launches of chocolate in the U.S. and China. Approximately 65% of our revenue grew or held share in this category. Gum and candy declined over 5% as the gum category continues to experience significant weakness, especially in the U.S. We're planning for continued declines in the gum category as we focus on growing our share and improving in-store execution. As you know, this is a highly profitable but relatively small business for us. We'll also continue to shift our focus to our strong, growing and highly profitable candy platforms. About half of our revenue in gum and candy gained or held share. Turning to earnings per share, in Q1, we delivered adjusted EPS of $0.53, which was up 6% on a constant currency basis. This growth was driven by our strong operating income results. We continue to expect to deliver double-digit EPS growth for the full year. As Irene mentioned during the quarter, we returned approximately $800 million of capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We continue to expect share repurchases of approximately $1.5 billion for the full year. Now to the outlook. Overall, we're reaffirming our outlook. The first half is generally playing out as we expected, although we do see slightly different dynamics between the quarters. We delivered better growth in margins in Q1 than our forecast, as the first quarter was less impacted by the Easter shift than anticipated. In Q2, the year-over-year compare will be more difficult and we expect North America to remain challenged. Due to these factors, we expect Q2 revenue growth below Q1, with improving growth in the second half. In terms of margin, the second quarter will be affected by higher growth investments and the timing of some spending that shifted from Q1 to Q2. For the total year, we continue to expect to deliver on our outlook. We continue to expect organic net revenue growth of at least 1%. We expect adjusted OI margin in the mid 16% range, as well as double-digit adjusted EPS growth on a constant currency basis. And with respect to free cash flow, we continue to expect to deliver approximately $2 billion for the year, as we see lower CapEx, improved margins, and good working capital efficiency. With that, let me turn it back to Irene for a few closing comments before we take your questions.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks, Brian. So, to wrap up, we're off to a solid start and expect to build momentum in the back half of the year, as we benefit from white spaces, launch exciting on-trend innovations, and leverage our U.S. DSD network. We remain confident in our ability to deliver our significant margin commitments this year, and are on track to reach our adjusted OI margin target of 17% to 18% in 2018. We'll continue to make disciplined investments to drive balanced growth on both the top and bottom lines. And we remain committed to compelling capital returns to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases. With that, let's open up the line for your questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you. I was pleasantly surprised by your organic sales growth this quarter. I mean, we've seen some data and you guys referred to it regarding your categories on a global basis, so you've talked about some of the holidays, some of the calendar shifts that affected you. I'm just curious, were there any other maybe non-recurring timing issues that either maybe helped or hurt this period, because you've had so many new products in the market, I'm just wondering were your shipments and your consumption more or less aligned this quarter, or were they a little bit out of order. I'm just trying to get a better sense of that.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah, Ken, I'd say they're generally aligned. The biggest impact, of course, is the Easter timing, and so there's a lot of noise because of that shift. We shipped  as Brian mentioned, we shipped much of our Easter volume in Q1, but we'll get the consumption coming when the holiday happened in Q2. If you were to adjust for Easter and non-measured channels, which is a smaller impact, like-for-like category growth would actually be about 1% and our snacks revenue was up about 0.8%, so there's actually pretty close correspondence there. As we said, from a pacing standpoint, the first half is going to come in essentially where we expected it. We're going to see some shift from first quarter to  from second quarter into first quarter, so first quarter a little higher, second quarter a little lower. The first half will come in essentially where we thought. The second half will be a little bit higher driven by some of the phenomena that I mentioned, the white spaces, the strong innovation pipeline, and our investment in flexing our DSD muscle. So net-net, there's no change to our full year forecast, but there's really no impact in this first quarter. The biggest impact is the Easter timing.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's helpful. And then quick follow-up from me. I thought you said that the comparison in the organic sales growth number, and forgive me if I heard this wrong, was a little more difficult in the second quarter than the first. Maybe you were talking about total revenue growth? Because I see the comparisons a little bit easier, actually, in the second quarter. Or are you talking earnings maybe?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah, it's more of a top line comment, Ken, and it's specifically North America's year-over-year compares are challenging. It doesn't quite look that way because even in 2015, there were some unusuals that made 2015 good too. So, as we look like-for-like versus 2016, it's a little bit of a tougher compare and North America will be a drag for us in the second quarter.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, everybody.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hey, Andrew.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Just two questions from me, I guess. One would be, with North America results more challenging, you've said you're expecting, obviously, some benefit in the second half from a shift in the sort of competitor, sort of distribution model. It might be early, but I guess, have you seen anything yet that gives you more confidence in that thinking, whether it be information coming from your sales people on the street or your key retail partners, things of that nature?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: It's a little early, Andrew. I'd say they're spending pretty heavily on their way out right this minute. So I would say right now is probably not a great example. And thankfully the big impact will be in the back half of the year when they've exited. So it's a little too early to tell, but we are certainly doing everything we can to make sure that our guys are staged with support that they need and the focus that they need to get to drive our share.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: And given the timing, Andrew, it could be one of the issues we face in Q2 as they exit. More aggressive behavior in Q2 that we might see play out.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Okay, thanks for that clarity. And then Brian, I know this was the toughest year ago, certainly, gross margin comp that you're going to see all year.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And, obviously, you still had negative volumes in the quarter so that didn't help. I guess, I'm trying to get a better sense of maybe what type of gross margin expansion we're seeing on a like an underlying basis? I'm trying to judge where it goes from here as the comps on gross margins start to ease and volume as you go through the year presumably gets somewhat better. I didn't know if we're still likely to see, I guess, a lower year-over-year gross margin in 2Q, and then it starts to expand in the back half or could we start to see the gross margin trend improve year-over-year really in this quarter?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah, look, I don't want to get into that calling individual quarters on something like gross margin. I think the underlying dynamics for what we're driving here feel pretty good. Net productivity execution continues to be very good. We delivered what we expected in the quarter. We are making some investments in, as you would expect, some product renovations and some of the quality initiatives we have that are affecting productivity, but it was still very good even on a net productivity as reported. We had higher pricing, as you would see in the P&L, but most of that's driven by places like Argentina, Nigeria, Egypt, some of those highly inflationary markets. There are some places in Europe, where we've made some pricing investments as you look at the annual retailer negotiations and how they've played out, and I think those were good decisions based on the trend we see in Europe right now. So, I mean, there's some moving pieces as well with mix, so if you think about markets like the U.S. and the UK and the global gum business, I'd put China in there as well, those tend to be higher-margin markets, and those have been some of the markets that have struggled a little bit in terms of top line. So those are the moving pieces. I think the trajectory over a longer period of time, we continue to see gross margins expand as we move over the next year, but it's hard to call some of those individual dynamics. We'll continue to execute on the productivity, I know that. We've got pricing that's still moving through in those highly inflationary markets. But again, we're focused on the OI margin commitment and the 90 basis points feels pretty good. So, we're kind of controlling what we can control in a pretty volatile market.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Chris Growe from Stifel.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good evening.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hey, Chris.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Just two questions from me as well. A bit of a follow-on to Andrew's question in relation to gross margin. I've heard you talk about price pack architectures and the capabilities that you have there. I'm just curious, the degree to which mix, and I guess, I put that into mix, should benefit the sales and gross margin, if you will, for the year? Is that something you could discuss in some broader detail?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Well, it's clearly a focus for us, and as you think about the investments we've made with lines of the future, that was one of the key elements, key assets that we put in place was much more flexibility there. I think it's  that element of mix is clearly one that's been moving in the right direction as we've done quite a bit of work there. I think it will accelerate, but, again, it's within this context of other moving pieces within gross margin. We do think it's a real asset. It's a real incremental capability that we haven't necessarily had, and allows us to manage through moving up margins where we can but not having to price on its face with customers. So I think it's a real asset, and not really going to call out what the impact in gross margins is. I think it'll be increasing as we get those capabilities up and running everywhere.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Just one other question, if I could ask, in relation to overhead, which was down, and a contributor, if you will, to lower SG&A. Could you cite (33:12), where your overhead is or what sort of progress you're making on that front and how sustainable that is?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: I think it's  you've seen us continue to make progress really quarter after quarter here. It is still a focus and a big area of priority. We've shown you some of the progress we've made within some of the ZZB activities, and I think for the most part, the majority of those cost packages are either in top quartile or second quartile performance, and we feel pretty good about that. Shared services, we're, I would say, a little bit more than 75% of the way through the implementations that we have in front of us, and there'll be some additional benefits that play out during 2017. But we feel very good about where overheads are. And, again, it's a little bit of a mixed bag, because we are making some investments in route-to-market and some other parts of business, so that's one we have, probably, the highest confidence in the whole P&L.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Can you say what level your overhead is today, percentage of sales?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: No, It is within (34:19) SG&A, we've kind of shared with you where A&C spending is and A&C spending has continued to be about the same. I mean, it's up a bit year-over-year in the first quarter, but you can kind of back into where overheads have gone?
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Sure. Okay. Thank you. That's helpful.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hey, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Two quick ones for me. Brian, and maybe I might have missed this, but did you give a CapEx forecast for this year?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: We did. In CAGNY, we shared a framework that said about 4.5% of net revenue this year, and we showed that the trend will actually move down below  under or about 4% as we get to 2018. So we're on that trend down as we've kind of worked our way through some of the bigger investments related to lines of the future. So, 4.5% for this year is the current call on that one.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. And then, I guess, a follow-up on North America, one of the things that we've seen is there's been so much growth in small format and sort of maybe non-measured channels as well, and so for your biscuit business, has that had an effect on the growth and that you need more sort of resources in some of these emerging channels and you're right now maybe a little bit too resourced on large format, the channels that aren't growing as fast?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: No, we certainly anticipated this shift over  we've watched this shift over the last couple of years, Bryan, so we actually have someone in our North American organization who is in charge of channels and his focus for us is on the growth opportunities, particularly in our case, it's primarily about club and C stores. And then  and we have a separate organization, actually, that is driving eCommerce. So we are resourced to address it. Frankly, the hold up for us was the packaging capability to address these channels. And that's why I'm so pleased with the progress that we've made as we've got these lines of the future up and running because that's the flexibility that we need to be able to go from big pack sizes to small pack sizes. But a critical piece of our growth plan is our ability to be able to improve our share in some of the less traditional channels that have been historically our bread and butter.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Matthew Grainger from Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks, everyone. So, I wanted to come back to North America again first and ask about some of the evidence of renewed private label growth in selected categories. This seems to be a particular issue in the cookie business right now. Just curious for your take on to what extent that's being driven by some shift at the consumer level or whether it's something that's more explicit retailer led initiative?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah, we're not seeing that as a macro issue. There's no question. We've actually found that the penetration of private label, even in our biscuit segments, has not changed dramatically over the last little while. So that hasn't been a factor. We think the bigger issue, without a doubt, has been the shift toward well-being, and that's been a key piece of our focus on renovating our base brands like Triscuit or introducing products like GOOD THiNS as well as launch  the launch of a product like Va, which is a new whole-grain product that we will be introducing in July. So that's been more of a factor for us. And I think a lot of the steps that we're taking, particularly with the innovation pipeline I described, are designed to address that opportunity.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks, Irene. And Brian, you talked last quarter about the need to do a better job on trade optimization. I'm just curious whether, in the current environment, this is something you're comfortable trying to address more actively or given the negative price mix we're seeing in developed markets, are you going to continue to tread more cautiously here and be a little bit more tactical?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah, look, I think we're executing the program. We talked a bit about our investment in some resources and data, and we are finding opportunities where we're improving returns on promotional spending. And I think that's been on track. Now, the reality is, we've had to spend some of that back, and we've seen the benefits. We can find that in the P&L, but then we're also seeing areas where it's important that we spend some additional trade back. And that's sort of the dynamic that we've got playing out. So we're continuing to try and educate customers with the data analytics that suggest that heavy promotional spending just doesn't really work to grow categories. And I think that's a real market by market sort of dynamic, but again, we're executing the net revenue management activities pretty well. We're finding benefits and opportunities there. But we're consciously spending some of that back. And as a result, it's not as big a benefit showing up in the P&L.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks again.
Operator: And our next question is from Rob Dickerson from Deutsche Bank.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. So just kind of a general question on EPS cadence for the year, I know you said you put up, what, 6% adjusted EPS growth in Q1 and you said for Q2 there's, I guess, a bit of a sales come off a bit on a trend basis relative to what we saw in Q1 and maybe there's a little higher investment to the margins not maybe as much on a year-over-year basis. So I'm just curious, I guess, one, if sales, EPS adjusted sales growth was 6% in Q1 and we're double-digit for Q2, should we see, should we expect maybe EPS growth to be a bit lower in Q2 relative to what we saw in Q1 with really the upside for the year coming in the back half? Is that fair?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, I'm not going to get into individual quarters. I would just say I think with the 6% in Q1, I mean, we feel good about as you look at the compares through the rest of the year, we would expect to see some improvement as we move through the year, obviously the better back half with revenue picking up and the innovations that'll drive that and the things that we have confidence in will contribute to that. And we'll continue to execute on costs. So you would expect to see EPS continue to improve as you move through the year. That should be the general framework. And then you have to look at the compares from prior year.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then just in emerging markets, it looks like you still put up the, I guess, 3.5% organic sales growth in Q1. On a tiered stack basis, it does look like  I mean, it's still impressive, but it does look like there was a bit of a deceleration. Is that mainly Brazil, because it didn't sound  I know you called out India and Russia and a number of markets that actually did well. What would be the main driver of a bit of a deceleration in emerging markets?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah, I would say both Brazil and year-over-year China would have been the other one, but we are very pleased with the performance of our emerging markets and we continue to believe that as the macros in those markets recover, we will see our category recover in a corresponding fashion.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: And China was really a  Chinese New Year timing is a fair driver there. If you look at Q4, organic growth from emerging, it was 1.5% and it moved to 3.5%. I mean, the biggest driver there is demonetization in India which was much, much smaller impact this quarter.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. I'll pass it on.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alexia Howard from Bernstein.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good evening, everyone.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hey, Alexia.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. So, two questions. The first one, with the divestments or the JVs that you're pulling together, but $500 million of revenue is going, are you able to quantify the stranded costs? I know you haven't changed guidance for the year and how quickly you expect to get rid of those stranded costs. And then my second question is around commodity costs. I was quite surprised to see your commodity costs up this quarter, especially with the major decline in cocoa prices that we've seen coming out of Europe and the U.S., frankly. Do you expect that to get easier going forward and how do you expect the gross margin to develop? Thank you and I'll pass it on.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: You got it, Alexia. So stranded costs, I mean, there's obviously  there's two pieces to each of these, which is what are the stranded costs locally that are controllable by the business that are actionable; and then there's the unallocated sort of corporate. And you'll see us, over the course of the second half of the year, really aggressively deal with the local costs that surround these businesses. I'm not going to provide a quantification of the stranded costs or dilution impact of these two transactions. We'll give you clarity on that at the end of the second quarter as we close them. One of them has already closed, and the other will close towards the end of the quarter. So we'll give you more clarity, I think, when we get there. But we have good line of sight to make those stranded costs go away. Just, as you know, it takes a little bit of time and some of that will likely be into the first part of next year. On commodities, I would just say a couple of things. One, as you think about cocoa, yes, I mean, clearly there has been a fairly significant move in cocoa prices. You have to recognize, I think, that the hedge window for cocoa is longer than, I think, you would expect, and that's really driven by, really our pricing, our ability and the frequency at which we can go after pricing in some of the key markets there. And in some cases, you have annual renegotiations and you want to create certainty in terms of margins in those relationships, so you're going to go out and hedge a little bit further. So, we are hedged longer than, I think, you would expect and therefore don't necessarily have access to the current pricing in this market at this time. The other thing I would note is that dairy for us is almost as big a buy. And, as you look at what's going on today with dairy, dairy prices are up. We have much less ability, there's much less liquidity in that market to do hedging, so we are absorbing some of the pain associated with dairy. And again, it's not nearly as hedged. So those are the dynamics that are playing out. In the short-term, we are seeing some input cost pressure. It's not huge. It's relatively small when you put all of those things together. And then cocoa, again, it'll be a little bit outside the window of the next few quarters that we start getting some of the benefit of lower cocoa prices.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you so much.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hi, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I had one question but kind of two pieces on North America. And apologies, you guys have talked about the North American issue so much but I got to be honest with you, I'm still not quite clear on really what's wrong. I know you said that sales are not growing at what you expect it to grow, but Irene, frankly, I think you've done a wonderful job with some of these healthier biscuit brands and so forth and maybe better, much better than most of the other players in the category. So that doesn't feel like anything that's wrong. It feels like a positive. So I don't  I know you said it's not growing the way you want it grow, but I don't really know what's wrong with it, like why isn't it growing this way? And we do note in our data that we see some pretty heavy promotional activity from Mondelz, but maybe it's not getting the lift that you want it to get, but maybe you could spend a moment to talk about kind of the heart and soul of what's wrong in the business as you see it?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah, first of all, I'm very, very pleased with many of the things that the North American team has done and these are tough times. So as we said, there are many things going the right way. But we have a very unique set of advantages in that market. It starts with our DSD selling organization, but we have incredible iconic brands and we have very significant marketing support. And with all of that, I would expect us to be able to outgrow the category. So part of the challenge in North America has been that the category has been under some pressure. We own that category, and we need to figure out how to drive that category more aggressively. So I would say that's the biggest issue in North America is our biscuit business. I do think that the work that Tim Cofer and the North American leadership team are focused on in the near-term is exactly the right work, which is just blocking and tackling in terms of sales and marketing execution, making sure that we can capture the DSD opportunity, and making sure that we land that pipeline and then as well as the channel, extending the channel presence that we talked about. So they're focused on the right things. We just  I'd like to see them happen faster because we have been  had been outgrowing the category for quite some time and it's been a while since that's been the case. And so that's what I'm looking to happen and I think we've got the assets to enable that.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And if I could just do one follow-up on this. You mentioned the DSD muscle like many times on the call. When you say this phrase, can you talk a little bit about how it will manifest itself in store? Is it you would expect larger shelf space for your brands or is it more about the display activity that takes place within the store due to the DSD team? Thank you.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: It's both of those things, David. I mean, it starts with the fact that there will be some shelf space that will be vacated. One of the benefits of a DSD organization is that there's a broader assortment of inventory that is typically carried and the opportunity now for us to get in some of our secondary brands, many of which actually have better velocity than some of the brands that were on the shelf is priority one, but there's also, because of the expandable consumption of biscuits, the opportunity for us to get more product out on the floor is the other big opportunity. So, it's actually the focus will be on both of those things.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Palmer from RBC Capital.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good evening. Last quarter you called out discounting both retailer-led, competitor-led, I think, especially in the U.S. and in the UK. Could you describe how that environment is changing, perhaps, both in the competitive and retailer/customer level versus last quarter?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: We continue to see aggressive discounting in a number of places and those are the two biggest. The good news is we are seeing  in the UK, in particular, we are starting to see our shares recover. And as I've said a number of times, the biggest opportunity is to redeploy some of that investment to more category building spending. And what we're finding is in cases where there's heavy promotional spending, it just simply does not grow the category. So, we are still seeing here in the U.S. some aggressive promotional spending, and still seeing it to some extent in the UK, but I am hopeful that as we continue to come with strong innovation and a strong selling story that we can get the focus back on brand equity as well as putting products on the shelf that have strong velocities.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I mean, just a follow-up to that, there was a feeling that post-Brexit in the UK, the retailers have taken another  more aggressive stance and that warfare was supposedly tapering off. Has that not ended as quickly as you would have hoped? And in the U.S., obviously, you're hearing a lot of talk about retailers taking a tougher stance against brands. Is that part of the changed environment that you've seen carry over into this quarter?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: Well, Brexit is not over yet, so I would say everyone is still waiting to figure out what the actual rules will be and there's no question it will put some pressure on both the manufacturers and the retailers and, I think, that's a piece of the uncertainty there. Here in the U.S., I think it is  it continues to be a challenging promotional environment, but I think we've been able to weather the storm reasonably well. I mean, as I mentioned, our share  our biscuit share has been flat, the challenges is that that's not good enough. We think we can do much better than that.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Which is better than it was. So...
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah. It's improved but it's just not where we'd like to see it.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And we do have time for one more question. Our question comes from Steven Strycula from UBS.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. First question for Irene and then I have a follow-up for Brian. Irene when you first guided organic sales for the year on February 7, you commented at least 1% organic sales. And that was a few days before your key competitor communicated a DSD transition. So, I guess, my question is since then, we've heard front-of-store initiatives from CVS and obviously the DSD transition from a competitor, are both of these dynamics baked into your current organic sales guidance for the year? And specifically, are you guys thinking about budgeting share gains in the back half of the year? I'm just trying to assess what kind of upside that we see relative to before or is there any kind of conservatism baked into the full year analysis?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: Well, I would still say we feel very comfortable with the guidance that we've given. And the reality is there are many moving pieces as we've shared with you today. So, we should pick up share in the back half, as I've said, here in the U.S., but there are some offsets to that and so we've got  there'll be some puts and takes. We still feel very comfortable with our top line guidance of at least 1%, and importantly, our bottom line margin guidance. And in this environment, we think that's the most prudent planning step.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, and then, Brian, for full year gross margins, is there a scenario where we should expect this to be up slightly positive for the year? And Irene, on eCommerce, you guys are growing 30% quite nicely. Where are the puts and takes of that channel growing longer-term? I mean, in terms of clearly getting access to new customer, but from a margin mix perspective, is there anything that maybe is an offset to the opportunity on the revenue front, whether it's unfavorable margin mix for reason X, Y, Z?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah, on gross margins, Steve, I wouldn't get into providing an outlook for gross margins for the year. I think we feel good with the long-term trajectory. We think gross margins are going to get better. We've articulated that. I think there'll be puts and takes and moving pieces, quarter to quarter, but, again, the trajectory, I think, we'll continue to see improving gross margins as we move towards our 17% to 18% commitment. And then on eCommerce, just margins in general, at a (55:17) gross margin line are slightly below as you think about eCommerce as a channel. But when you think about it in total in terms of cash margins that we deliver, we don't necessarily have the same distribution costs associated with serving that channel. So in total we can get to similar margins. And that's basically what we're seeing in the current eCommerce business. Do you want to  ?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: We also think we can address underserved occasions like gifting, for example, with many of our biscuit and chocolate items that, for example, in the eCommerce channel that actually don't necessarily, will not necessarily even appear in retail. So our commitment, as we talk about the $1 billion business that we are targeting by 2020, our expectation is that that will have margins that are as good, if not better, than our regular  than the rest of our portfolio.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you. Good quarter.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thank you.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we have reached our allotted time for today. We ask that you may disconnect your lines, and thank you for participating.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-07 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap - Mondelz International, Inc. Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc. Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.
Analysts: Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Good evening, and welcome to Mondelz International's 2016 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelz management and the question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelz. Please go ahead.
Shep Dunlap - Mondelz International, Inc.: Thank you, and good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and Brian Gladden, our CFO. Shortly after market closed today, we sent out our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website, mondelezinternational.com/investors. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures, unless otherwise noted. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. Before we get started, I have one comment regarding the timing of our calls. Based on investor feedback from recent surveys, we plan to hold our earnings calls after market close going forward. We heard from many investors who would prefer not to have the call during market trading. This new timing allows additional time to digest results and provide commentary prior to the next day's market open. And, with that, I'll now turn the call over to Irene.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: Thanks, Shep, and good afternoon. As you read news from around the world these days, it's clear that an unprecedented number of economies are facing significant disruption and uncertainty. Slower GDP growth, currency and commodity volatility, the uncertain impact of the Brexit vote, market shocks like the recent demonetization in India, and complex developments in the political landscape, including a backlash against globalization. The impacts from these events are being felt across many companies and industries, and we're not immune. We're dealing with these realities with a sense of urgency: to control what we can and create contingencies for what we can't. Before diving into our results, I'd like to take a step back to underscore our approach for long-term value creation in today's uncertain world. Our strategy is guided by the belief that the best companies have been and will continue to be those with the brands, platforms, and capabilities to create long-term value for shareholders, by delivering sustainable growth on both the bottom and the top lines. We continued to improve operational efficiencies throughout our business, expanding margins and focusing on delivering consistent returns to shareholders by growing our bottom line. In fact, over the past four years, we've delivered double-digit compound growth in adjusted EPS at constant currency. Few of our competitors have done that. But we also recognize that great companies simply cannot cut their way to long-term growth, and so we haven't lost sight of the need to invest in our business, to support sustainable top line growth. While we're encouraged by our results in 2016, we acknowledge that our top line is not yet where we want it to be. Some of this is due to factors outside of our control, some is due to mixed execution on our part, and some reflects deliberate actions we've taken to run a more profitable business. So with that as context, let me discuss our 2016 performance. In the fourth quarter, we delivered adjusted EPS of $0.47, up 12%; adjusted OI margin expansion of 110 basis points; organic revenue growth of only 0.6%, reflecting the significant impact from India demonetization and selected market contractions. Our Power Brands grew nearly 2%, which outpaced category growth, and we returned $1.1 billion to our shareholders. For the full year, we delivered adjusted EPS growth of 24%, at constant currency; strong adjusted OI margin expansion, up 230 basis points, fueled by significant net productivity and overhead savings; organic growth of 1.3%, including the impact of approximately 110 basis points from revenue management and India demonetization. Once again, our Power Brands grew above category rates, up nearly 3%, and we returned $3.7 billion to our shareholders. We achieved these results despite the current market realities. For example, in the UK and India, two markets with good momentum through the first half, extraordinary events like Brexit and demonetization muted the impact of our investments. And in Brazil and U.S. biscuits, two highly competitive markets, our trade spending in the quarter did not deliver the volumes we expected. In Brazil, macroeconomic headwinds depressed demand for biscuits and led to significant down-trading by consumers. And in the U.S., aggressive spending by a key competitor failed to provide any uplift in growth, and simply compressed margins. From time to time in the short term, we will choose to defend our share in response to specific competitive actions. Over the long term, however, we're far more focused on growing our share and our categories through brand equity, innovation, and price pack architecture. And that's where we're making most of our investments. So despite some puts and takes on the top line, we continue to grow. And on the bottom line, we're significantly expanding margins and delivering sizable returns to our shareholders. As we've outlined before, our strategy is built on three pillars: investing for growth, reducing costs, and focusing our portfolio. We'll have more time to update you on our progress at CAGNY, but let me quickly give you some 2016 highlights. Disciplined investing for growth remains critical to our strategy. As Tim Coffer, our Chief Growth Officer, outlined last September, our growth plan is focused in three areas. First, contemporizing our core business to ensure that our portfolio remains relevant to today's consumers. This includes increasing resources and investment behind our Power Brands, our largest and most profitable trademarks, which represent nearly 70% of our revenues. This focus is paying off. In 2016, our Power Brands continued to outpace category growth, led by Oreo, Milka, and belVita. Second, we're adding to the core by filling in key white spaces, by bringing our Power Brands to growing markets and usage occasions where we're underrepresented today. We're seeing early success from our launches of Milka chocolate in China, and the repatriation of our Nabisco biscuit trademarks in Japan, and we just entered the U.S. chocolate market with Milka Oreo and GREEN & BLACK'S. We're also addressing consumer white spaces, the most significant of which is the shift toward well-being. GOOD THiNS and belVita Soft Bakeds are two examples from our strong innovation pipeline, and GMO-free triscuit is one of our most recent examples of brand renovation. Third, we're expanding sales and distribution capabilities to ensure that our products are available wherever and whenever people shop. In the online arena, which is a small but growing channel for snacks, as consumers increasingly choose to shop online, we're building an industry-leading eCommerce snacks business, targeting at least $1 billion in revenue by 2020. Despite our overall reduction in overheads, we've invested to build a dedicated eCommerce team and to enhance our supply chain capabilities in this space. These efforts are already paying off as our eCommerce business grew more than 35% on a reported basis in 2016. While we continue to invest to drive the top line, given today's market realities, we've sharpened our focus even more on reducing costs. And you can see the impact on our expanded margins, as cost consciousness has become part of our DNA. Our supply chain reinvention program, now in its fifth year, is delivering strong net productivity, and we still have a long runway of opportunity ahead of us, especially as we put more of our Power Brands on to advantaged assets and continue to leverage our integrated Lean Six Sigma tools. To aggressively reduce overheads, we've actively embraced Zero-Based Budgeting. Over the past three years, our ZBB initiative has saved over $0.5 billion in indirect costs. We're also building a global shared services capability, which leverages our scale to simplify and standardize key back-office processes. These supply chain and overhead benefits will continue to build over the next couple of years. As a result, we're well on track to deliver our adjusted OI margin target of 17% to 18% by 2018. And we have good visibility to expand margins beyond that. Finally, we continue to take actions to focus our portfolio, so resources can be deployed to the highest return opportunities. Most recently, we announced an agreement to sell most of our grocery business in Australia and New Zealand, including the VEGEMITE brand. At the same time, we're strengthening our portfolio through bolt-on acquisitions in growing markets and consumer segments. For example, we've successfully integrated the Kinh Do snacks business that we acquired in 2015, enabling high single-digit growth in our Vietnam business. And in our allergy-friendly Enjoy Life Foods business, also acquired in 2015, we've expanded capacity and flexibility, with the opening of a new U.S.-based manufacturing facility in Indiana. This increased capacity enabled our recent expansion into the UK and Australia. To summarize, 2016 was another solid year for our company. Despite the significant headwinds, we delivered adjusted EPS growth of 24% at constant currency; strong adjusted OI margin expansion, up 230 basis points, while returning $3.7 billion to our shareholders. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian to review our fourth quarter and full year performance in more detail.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Irene, and good afternoon. Overall, we performed well on a number of key metrics for the full year, and delivered solid results in light of the challenging environment that Irene just referenced. While the external environment was definitely more difficult than we planned coming into 2016, we made great progress in driving strong margin expansion and cash flow, despite the weaker top line. Organic net revenue increased 1.3% for the year. This included the negative impact of 20 basis points from India demonetization and 90 basis points from our revenue management actions, which you'll recall include SKU rationalization, portfolio pruning, and trade optimization. While these actions do temper growth on the top line, they improved the overall quality of our portfolio, allowing us to focus on more attractive and higher-profit opportunities. Our Power Brands continued to be the primary driver behind our growth, as they finished up nearly 3% for the year, exceeding category growth rates. Emerging markets increased 2.7%, due primarily to currency-driven pricing in inflationary markets, while developed markets grew 0.5% driven by positive vol/mix. Vol/mix was approximately flat for the year when excluding the impact of the India demonetization, with the second half stronger than the first. This is also a significant improvement from 2015, when vol/mix was a negative 2.5 percentage points. For the quarter, organic revenue grew 0.6%, including Power Brands growth of nearly 2%. We saw good results in a number of our largest countries, including Germany, China, Russia, and Mexico. But overall revenue growth was lower than our expectations, as India demonetization had a negative impact of approximately 60 basis points, and we saw weaker category growth in U.S. biscuits, the UK, and across the Middle East. Now let's take a closer look at our margin performance. 2016 represented another strong year of adjusted OI margin expansion, as we march towards our 2018 goal of 17% to 18%. Since 2013, our adjusted OI margins are up nearly 500 basis points. Adjusted OI margin for the year was 15.3%, up 230 basis points and in line with our guidance. We increased adjusted gross margins by 70 basis points for the year, driven by very strong net productivity. We also delivered continued reductions in overheads, resulting from our Zero-Based Budgeting and global shared services. In Q4, our adjusted OI margin grew 110 basis points, primarily through overhead reductions. As we mentioned in our last call, we made incremental investments during the quarter in areas such as white space expansions in U.S. and China chocolate. We saw a small decline in adjusted gross margins, as strong productivity gains were more than offset by short-term trade investments. Overall, we're pleased with our margin results for the year, and remain very confident in our path to our 2018 target. We continue to run the business in a way that delivers strong margin expansion, while making critical investments behind key growth initiatives. Let me now provide some color on our performance by region. In North America, we delivered full-year adjusted OI margin expansion of 190 basis points, primarily driven by continued overhead reductions and strong net productivity. On the top line, North America grew 1.2%, fueled by solid vol/mix results. Biscuits growth was led by belVita, Oreo, Chips Ahoy!, and our Thins platform, which all posted solid results. Gum and candy remained soft from an overall category perspective, but Sour Patch Kids candy continued to gain momentum, posting strong growth for the full year. In Q4, and as expected, we saw a decline in adjusted OI margins due primarily to increased A&C, including investments in U.S. chocolate. Revenue in the quarter grew 0.4% due to weak gum performance and the competitive pressures in biscuits that Irene discussed earlier. Europe delivered strong margin growth for the year, with adjusted OI margin up 220 basis points to 18.3%. Productivity and lower overheads were the primary drivers of those gains. Organic net revenue continued to be positive, up 0.7% for both the year and the quarter, primarily driven by vol/mix. Biscuits delivered strong growth in Germany and Russia for both the year and the quarter, while chocolate turned in solid performances in Germany and the UK for the year. In EEMEA, 2016 adjusted OI margins grew 230 basis points to 12.1%, driven by reduced overheads and solid productivity. Organic revenue increased 0.5% for the year, with growth in Australia, China, and Southeast Asia. Fourth quarter organic revenue declined 1.2%, including the impact from India demonetization, which was an approximate $40 million headwind across all categories. Although we believe the worst of this impact has passed, we expect headwinds in the first quarter and potentially into Q2. We also saw a decline in the Middle East as the economic recession caused by low oil prices and tightening credit markets persisted. On the flip side, we saw growth in China from biscuits, as well as good initial results from Milka chocolate, including some favorable impact from the timing of Chinese New Year. Southeast Asia delivered a strong quarter with balanced results across all categories, and continued momentum with Kinh Do. In addition, we saw the expected uplift from our initial quarter of the Japan biscuit repatriation. In Latin America, adjusted OI margin increased 220 basis points to nearly 13% for the year, primarily driven by lower overheads, including VAT-related settlements as well as targeted pullbacks in A&C. Gross margins were pressured in the region as we saw significant volume reductions in our manufacturing plants. Organic net revenue increased nearly 5% for the year, led by Mexico and Argentina. Mexico grew mid single-digits, driven by balanced vol/mix and pricing while Argentina grew double-digits as a result of pricing to offset currency-driven inflation. Consistent with our commentary for the past several quarters, Brazil remains a challenging market. Government austerity, tight credit conditions, and high unemployment continued to temper consumption, causing consumers to trade down to lower-priced snacking options. We're pleased to see improving results on Brazil chocolate, however, as our price pack architecture efforts continued to gain traction. Although we continue to believe that Brazil will be a long-term growth engine for us, we expect the market to be challenged for the foreseeable future. Let me now make some comments around category highlights. In aggregate, snacks category growth continued to slow in the fourth quarter, contributing to a full-year rate of 2.3%. Our growth was lower in aggregate than our categories. This was primarily a result of our revenue management actions. Biscuits grew 1.8% with strength in the UK, Germany, Russia, and Southeast Asia. belVita and Oreo posted strong results for the year. We did marginally lose share in our large U.S. biscuits business in a challenging, competitive environment. This resulted in only 35% of our biscuits revenue growing or holding share for the year. Chocolate grew 2%, driven by solid results in Germany, the UK, and Australia. Despite a decline in Q4 from demonetization, India had a strong year. And although it's early, we're pleased with our results in China chocolate for Q4. Although the category declined overall, we achieved a 2% share and expected continued momentum in 2017. Approximately 60% of our chocolate revenue grew or held share. Gum and candy was slightly negative for the year. Solid performance in Mexico gum and U.S. candy were among the highlights. About half of our revenue in this category gained or held share. Now turning to earnings per share. For the year, we delivered adjusted EPS of $1.94, which was up 24% on a constant currency basis. This growth was driven by our strong operating income performance, as well as the impact from share repurchases and lower taxes. In addition, we continue to be very pleased by the performance of our coffee equity investments. In addition to being a highly attractive and value-creating transaction for us, we believe these investments are becoming more valuable as they execute well. Moving to cash flow and capital return, we generated approximately $1.6 billion of free cash flow in 2016, which exceeded our outlook. Our teams continued to make excellent progress in working capital, and we believe we're now approaching best-in-class performance here. As we've said in the past, our improving margins, lower CapEx, and a decline in future restructuring charges will position us well to deliver on our 2018 free cash flow target of approximately $2.8 billion. Q4 also capped off a strong year for capital return. For the year, we returned $3.7 billion to shareholders, representing more than 220% of our net earnings. We believe this is best-in-class among our peers. During the quarter, we returned more than $1.1 billion through repurchases and dividends. For the year, we repurchased approximately $2.6 billion of our shares, and our buyback actions reflect more than a 15% reduction of shares since the spin. Now let me share the key elements of our 2017 outlook. As Irene mentioned, our priorities and strategy remain unchanged. And as we look at the global landscape for 2017, we do expect continued economic and geopolitical uncertainties, especially in the emerging markets, but also in places like the U.S. We've built our plans for 2017 assuming that the category environment remains consistent with what we saw in the fourth quarter. We believe this is an appropriately conservative stance. Even in this slower-growth environment, however, we expect to deliver another year of strong margin expansion and exceptional EPS growth. Specifically, we expect full-year organic net revenue to grow at least 1%. This outlook is built on a category growth rate as we see it today, and includes both the benefit of new white space launches, as well as our continued revenue management efforts. I would also note that based on the timing of Easter, the Chinese New Year, continued effects of India demonetization, and the strength of our first quarter in 2016, we expect flat to slightly positive growth in the first quarter. We expect adjusted OI margin in the mid 16% range. We remain highly confident in our margin expansion execution. This outlook is based on continued progress in overhead reductions, strong net productivity, while supporting investments in our key growth initiatives and high return A&C. Overall, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our target of 17% to 18% in 2018, and continue to see improvement opportunities beyond that. Finally, we're expecting double-digit adjusted EPS growth on a constant currency basis. This would give us a double-digit CAGR over five years. We know of few other companies in our space that are delivering that type of performance. I'll now turn it back to Irene for a few closing comments.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: Thanks, Brian. Simply put, I firmly believe we're well-positioned today and for the future. Our industry has been undergoing a period of unprecedented change and heightened volatility, and we expect this to continue in 2017. Challenging times like these demand decisive actions with a focus on creating value, both now and for the long term. Our aggressive cost management is making us nimbler, more efficient, and more productive. At the same time, we're making smart, strategic investments in our core franchises that will pay dividends for many years to come. We're clearly seeing some green shoots of growth in the brands, channels and markets where we're investing. Of course, not everything will show results immediately or work as well as we planned, but we're not afraid to experiment and innovate in this tough environment. In fact, we believe that's the only way to create momentum in a rapidly-changing world. While we believe it's critical to manage for the long term, we're also very focused on creating value for our shareholders today, regardless of headwinds. And we've done that. What gets me really excited, though, is this: when the macro picture improves, and we're confident that it will, the foundation we're laying today positions our company to leverage the investments we've made over the years to deliver differentiated growth on both the bottom and the top line. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. The floor is now open for your questions. Our first question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good evening, everybody, and thank you. Two for me, if I can. First, as you talked about your organic sales growth, a little bit lighter than usual, you discussed some of the headwinds. I guess, Irene, if you were maybe to size some of those headwinds, whether it's India, which you already did size, as I appreciate that, for us, competition in the U.S., global economic issues, which would you say were the most challenging in this period? And were there anything that came in, on the flip side, maybe better that you expected on that top line?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah, Ken, I think we pretty much sized the main impacts without a doubt for us, given our strong presence in India and particularly our strong presence in rural India. Demonetization was a particularly significant impact. And as Brian mentioned, we expect it'll continue probably into at least through the first quarter, if not into a little bit of the second quarter. The other one really that was different than perhaps  a little tougher than we had expected was the strong promotion spending that we saw in both the UK and the U.S. There's a lot of trade spending dollars. It didn't do very much to drive the category and, in fact, all it did was sort of margin down the business. And again, we chose to participate in that to defend our shares, but that's not the right way to build the business for the long term. And I think as our customers experience the reality of that spending, we're going to be able to get back to a more disciplined focus on innovation and brand marketing and price pack architecture. So I would say those probably were the two biggest. Without a doubt, we continue to see a shift toward well-being products, and we are committed to participating in that shift. We saw strong performance from some of our own products like GOOD THiNS, like belVita, but we'll share with you at CAGNY our focus on really accelerating that growth, because that's where the consumer is going. So I think, without a doubt, the top line's not yet where we want it to be. I would say, though, in answer to your second question, there are some dynamics underlying the aggregate numbers that make us feel confident that we're going to start to see some improvement as we move ahead. The first is simply the quality of the revenue. We've told you that, over time, we were going to migrate from a very price-driven revenue profile to one more driven by vol/mix. And as you saw coming out of this year, we went from about minus 2.5% contribution of vol/mix last year to almost flat this year, and as Brian mentioned, we saw some nice improvement as the year progressed. We're very pleased with the performance of our Power Brands. They're 70% of the revenue today. Over time, as they continue to grow faster because that's where we're making our investments, we should see that growth pick up and they will be a larger portion of our overall portfolio. But they are growing faster than our categories and we expect that that will continue. As I mentioned, well-being products are performing well, and over time we've made a commitment that by 2020, half of our products will be in the well-being space. They're performing well, and you will see that continue to have a contribution. I feel good about the white space launches. We talked for a long time about the fact we were going to launch China chocolate, and you saw us launch chocolate in the U.S. We're feeling good. Those are early days, of course, but we're off to a good start there. And then last but not least, obviously we're seeing a fairly significant channel shift in a number of our markets, particularly the U.S. and China, and we've invested quite significantly in eCommerce and we're very pleased with the early progress in that space. We're up about 35% year-over-year, and we're hoping that that's going to represent a $1 billion business for us over the next couple of years. So net-net, we're not quite where we want to be on the top line. We're very pleased with the strong bottom line performance that we delivered. But we do see some green shoots underlying those aggregate numbers.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's very helpful and thank you for all that. One quick follow-up for me: Some of your peers have quantified the benefit of the accounting change to stock-based comp on their earnings guidance this year. Just curious, to any degree, are you expecting this to help your earnings this year? Or is it too small to really think about?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: I would say, Ken, it's in our outlook that we've provided. It's relatively small and, as you know, it's kind of hard to predict, but it's in there.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good afternoon, everyone.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: Hi, Bryan.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just one question related to the margin outlook for 2017. Brian, can you talk a little bit about sort of where your outlook is for commodity cost inflation? And also, I guess, with revenues still sort of below average, just what kind of drag you're seeing from, like, volume deleverage? Just trying to get a sense for  even though you're sort of guiding to the mid 16% for margins, it just seems like there are still some headwinds there that you're fighting to get there, and I'm trying to get a sense for what those are.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah, Bryan, I would say commodities is a bit mixed. I mean, everybody have seen cocoa prices come down. And clearly, we will ultimately benefit from that. Obviously, we have a hedge program that cushions that and takes some of the volatility out. So we don't necessarily get it right away, and it'll play its way through. But there are other things that are up in that portfolio of commodities that we buy. So I would say it's a mixed bag and it's not necessarily as big a driver as it's been over the last few years from a commodity standpoint. That said, there's still markets where we have to price, and that's one of the key elements that's going to drive our performance as we move into 2017. So I think that's the fundamental view on commodities. I think when you look at overall margins, we are assuming a similar environment as to what we see now, and we've sort of, as you would expect  I mean, it's been a weaker volume year than we would have hoped, and we've delivered very strong productivity with all the work that we've done despite that. So we've built a plan to deliver on our 2017 commitments, assuming that we have a similar environment from a top line standpoint, and not much help from volume. It will be continued focus on the programs that are taking overheads and shared services, and we have to do a better job on trade optimization. Price pack architecture will be part of that that drives through our margins. And then we told you last summer that we're moving some dollars from CapEx, which were initially focused on capacity and driving growth. We've moved that into more restructuring, so that gives us more confidence and a bigger portfolio of programs that help us drive the margins in an environment like this. So I think we're adapting to plan and adjusting to an environment that has lower growth.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And, I guess, is that part of the visibility beyond 17% and 18% margins, once you get a little bit of volume back into the model, that ought to drive some leverage that isn't there today.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Absolutely right. I mean, it changes the whole equation. If we were to get volume leverage on this thing, given what we've done with margins, it's a pretty powerful engine.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel Capital.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Hey, Chris.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: Chris.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Maybe just to follow on Bryan's question there, just to be clear, do you expect then  I heard you talk about some pricing in some markets that's going to be sporadic, it sounds like. And how would that balance against volume growth? Do you expect volume growth for the year in 2017?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: I think it feels a lot like what we saw this year, Chris. The pricing we need to do  I mean, there are some selected markets where it's rather extreme where we've seen devaluations in Egypt and Nigeria that has forced us to act very quickly with some significant pricing. But the rest of it  a lot of it will come from things like price pack architecture and revenue management. It won't be like we saw in 2015, which was broad-based across many markets. So that's just part of the equation that we've got to drive this year and I think we're in reasonable shape in terms of executing those things heading into the year.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just a question for you on the gross margin. As we consider the supply chain savings coming through as well as some continued overhead cost control, can you give an idea of  I thought the savings would accrue more so to the gross margin in 2017. Is that true? And the gross margin was a little weaker than I thought in the fourth quarter, perhaps that's more volume and revenue-driven.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: It is. I mean, gross margin has been and it'll continue to be a key driver, as we think about the margin expansion and the commitments we have. Supply chain execution has gone well. It does set us up for productivity as we move over the next couple of years. So, gross margin will continue to be important. And if volumes come back, it obviously is a much more significant driver. As you look at the fourth quarter dynamic on gross margin, we had very strong productivity, so I think the underlying performance was very good. We had a couple unplanned items. Obviously, the lost volume in some of these markets: India, Middle East, Brazil. We saw a few markets, as we said, that had extreme currency devaluations where you really can't price fast enough to catch up. And then the trade spending. I mean, those were the dynamics that played out across the gross margin line as you look at the fourth quarter. So it'll continue to be a driver. You can't count on it every quarter. It's going to be a little bit lumpy. But we feel confident in the initiatives that are going to drive gross margin expansion.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So, for the year, could it be up in line with your operating  the expected operating margin expansion? Is that realistic?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah, I don't want to get into the individual line. We want to be held accountable for the OI margin expansion and we've got good plans to get there across both overheads and gross margins.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. That makes sense. Thank you.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good evening, everybody.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I guess, two questions, one just to finish up this gross margin conversation. I guess, the target I think that was thrown out maybe at CAGNY about a year ago was in 2018 I think gross margins of 42% to 43%. I guess, at this stage, it sounds like at least in this current volume environment, maybe it's slightly below that, maybe the SG&A piece around overheads and whatnot just picks up a little more steam as you lean in a little more heavily on that. Is that generally what you're sort of trying to get at? Or should we not abandon the 42% to 43% just yet?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah. Look, I think we'll talk a little bit about it at CAGNY this year. But it's clearly a different volume environment than we would've thought about, as we laid that out. So we'll give you a little bit of a sense for how we're thinking about that. I think you can have confidence that we have multiple paths to get there and we're chasing initiatives that are going to drive gross margin and overheads and the SG&A line.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then, Irene, I guess, a question that's relevant for Mondelz, but maybe a bit broader also and it's kind of relevant for the group as a whole. I'm trying to get a sense of, at what point, I guess, do sort of multi-year margin targets that not just Mondelz have put out, but others, maybe become a bit counterproductive. Maybe if those margins ultimately come on a sales base that maybe is much lower than planned. I guess, at some point, how do you balance the, hey, should we push out a margin target in order to make sure we kind of stabilize our sales base the way we need to. I'm just trying to get a sense in a broader sense of how you think about that.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: I do think our balance between top and bottom is one of the things that distinguishes us. I think we are uniquely well-positioned because of the nature of our portfolio, strong brands, a strong geographic footprint, strong routes to market with a good infrastructure, all of that is why we continue to make investment even in this challenging environment. So, without a doubt, we have pulled back a little bit. We've been pretty clear with our investors as to where those pullbacks have been, but we're one of the few companies that is delivering significant earnings growth while at the same time continuing to make those investments. And I think that is something that will continue to differentiate us, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: See you in Florida.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: See you.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: See you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you and good evening.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Hey, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I wanted to ask about your thoughts here on this border-adjusted tax proposal. What do you assess that on your operations? And then kind of related to this, how much margin improvement is in your forecast from your Mexican/Salinas operations for the 2018 margin goals?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah. David, I mean, we obviously spend a lot of time talking about this. It's hard not to see it play out. But it's very difficult and I think in this discussion a little early to speculate on what it would mean to us in terms of the impact of a border adjustment tax. As you know  I mean, we are a very global company. We've structured it successfully in a way that allows us to run it efficiently and serve our customers, consumers around the world, while delivering strong returns. And this has enabled us to create a competitive and, I would say, advantaged global tax structure and low cash taxes as part of what we do in delivering our results. So, to directly really respond to the specific question, I would just say that we do import from Mexico and other parts of the world into the U.S. Our imports represent a minority of our U.S. revenues and profits. And as I said, we're not going to do anything to adjust our operations or plans until we really know what the policies are going to be, and they're much more concrete. So, I mean, we're very involved, we're watching developments. We've got a voice in this process of providing feedback. And to the extent that we face higher costs for imported products, we'd obviously need to look for ways to cover these costs, adapt our supply chain model. And we do that over time. So, in terms of how much incremental benefit associated with Mexico or Salinas, we are, I would say, fairly well utilized in that facility at this point. And we don't have right now at this point additional plans to move any additional production to Mexico. So I would say it's contributing. You've seen the results in North America in terms of our margin expansion. Obviously, that's part of it. And we have  it's important to note, we've made significant investments in our U.S. assets as well and we continue to make investments here. We've invested over the last few years over almost $0.5 billion in our existing U.S. manufacturing footprint in U.S. plants. So it's a mixed bag. And that has, David, contributed to the margin expansion as well. We've seen great margin expansion from the U.S. plants as well.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: So bottom line, would you say it's fair, though, that both Brexit and border-adjusted taxes kind of throw out some big questions about how it'll impact the company. But just right as of yet with no actual definition as to exactly what's going in, you can't really assess it right now, so you stick with your 2018 margin targets. Is that where we are?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah, look, I think it's a very global business with  for all the positive things that come from that, I mean, we've got exposures to some of these questions. We're watching the developments. We'll manage our way through it. And we will adjust as appropriate as we move forward. And we'll keep you posted as we learn more.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good evening, folks.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Hey, Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you for letting me ask a question. Just a couple housekeeping items for me. I apologize if I missed it. Undoubtedly, I did miss it. But can you give us your expectation for all-in revenue growth in fiscal 2017?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Well, we gave you organic net revenue of at least 1%, is what we said, Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: No, no, I heard that. But there's FX and there's some other moving pieces.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: What were your guidance  in terms of net sales, what your guidance is predicated on?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah. The other thing we provided in the release would have been 1% headwind from currency on the top line.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, thank you. Sorry for the nuance question.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yep.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And the other housekeeping item, the VAT tax benefit, I think you mentioned that in your prepared remarks in terms of LatAm contribution to margins. How big was that?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: We disclosed it in the third quarter. I think it was disclosed as about $35 million. We had an additional smaller amount in the fourth quarter. So I would say it's  we've had this over the last couple years from time to time. And it contributed in the LatAm business, I would say, about 80 basis points on the full year in terms of their profit. 80 basis points in terms of the  versus prior year.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Okay, thank you. As promised, I was going to keep it short with the housekeeping. I'll pass it on.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yep.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good evening, everyone.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: Hey, Alexia.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Hey, Alexia.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. Just two quick ones. Firstly, you alluded to promotional spending intensifying in the U.S. during this last quarter. I wasn't quite sure whether the idea was that it wasn't very effective and everybody's given up on it at this point, or whether it's likely to continue. That was the first question. And then the second one, I guess, linked, ad spend and consumer advertising spending, how much was that up year-on-year in the fourth quarter? What was the margin headwinds and how much more have you got to go in 2017 versus 2016? Thank you very much.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: So I would say it wasn't particularly effective, but that doesn't mean everybody will stop. So I can't forecast that. What I will tell you is we certainly are going to be a little bit more disciplined as we think about how we want to spend our money. Again, we did not see the kind of returns that we had hoped for and, in fact, it basically took our spending away from some of the other longer-term equity-building activities. So you're going to see us continue to migrate our spending. But I would say our customers, at the end of the day, if it doesn't grow the  if the spending that goes into it does not grow the category, I think our customers over time will look at other tactics as well. In terms of A&C in the fourth quarter...
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah, I'll take it. I would say, Alexia, for the total year, essentially flat, at slightly above 9% I think as we've talked about. In the quarter, it was slightly down. I mean, we made some conscious decisions while we did invest in some key markets in the key white spaces. You think about India, you think about what happened in the Middle East, you think about some of the other markets where we saw challenges, we did pull back intentionally. So about flat for the year. As you know and we've talked about, we continue to mix towards digital, which has created for us more room and is cheaper obviously than traditional. We've benefited from some ZBB work here and we've also continued to distort to the Power Brands. So moving A&C and spending it in the right places I think we've gotten better at that. But in general, about flat.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: And for 2017, pretty much the same?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah. I'm not going to provide specifics. I would say probably slightly up is the overall framework.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thank you. I wanted to dive a little bit more into biscuits in the U.S. because this commentary came up in third quarter that competition had intensified and it sounded like Mondelz intended to do something about it. And with the Nabisco brand, you're obviously a big category leader. So what steps did you take to respond? And why do you think it didn't pan out the way you hoped for in fourth quarter?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah, Rob, I would say we have made terrific progress in our U.S. biscuit business in terms of margin expansion over the last couple of years. If you look at North America, it's up 540 basis points, and that's almost largely the U.S. And that's been our primary focus. And at the same time, over these last couple of years, we've been able to continue to grow our share. This last year, the net of it is that we had a lot of moving parts going on in terms of our transformation activities, and I would say with hindsight, some of the optimization that we did, for example, in our DSD selling organization had more of an impact on the execution than I would have liked. And so we did see some impact in the short term. And as I mentioned in an answer to some of the earlier questions, we have seen a very challenging retailer environment, which has really caused a lot of promotional spending, which hasn't necessarily helped the overall category. Looking ahead, we have some very strong programs in place in 2017 and, frankly, a lot of those began as we exited the year. We're going to continue to invest in price pack architecture. As I've talked about it, as we got our supply chain  most of our supply chain activities behind us, we now have the capability and much more flexibility to offer a variety of pack sizes for our products. So, for example, we've got a family pack at one of our key customers that's doing exceptionally well. It took us a while to get that pack out the door. We are continuing to innovate, particularly in the well-being space. I mentioned GOOD THiNS and talked about the fact that you'll see a lot more of the items that we have coming in at CAGNY in a couple of weeks. And we're continuing to increase marketing investment behind programs with good ROI. We've got a very significant program behind our Oreo business this year, as well as a number of our other core franchises. So some of it was a messy fourth quarter that turned out to not play out quite as well as we had hoped, but at the same time, I think the business is well staged with one of the strongest innovation pipelines and the strongest price pack architecture capabilities that's going to allow us not only to address occasion opportunities, but also to penetrate some channels that we haven't been as strong in.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. It's late. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached our allotted time for questions. Our final question will come from the line of Steven Strycula with UBS.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Two quick questions for me. The first would be for Irene. Just on the non-Power Brands part of the portfolio, that's down 1.9% in the quarter. Can you kind of speak to whether the market share losses are more pronounced in this portion of the portfolio relative to Power Brands? And are we seeing just an under-investment in those pocket of brands right now because of where emerging markets stand today? Just any kind of forward-looking strategy about how we think about, that would be helpful.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yes. Simple answer, Steven, is yes, Power Brands actually performed better in terms of overall market share. In fact, we actually grew share in Power Brands. So, some of the decline is coming from the non-Power Brands, but I would tell you that global Power Brands did exceptionally well. Our regional Power Brands was a bit of a mixed bag this past year because many of them are prominent in the emerging markets. So you think about a brand like Lacta chocolate in Brazil, for example, that given the macroeconomic conditions did not have a particularly strong year. So we did see some of these regional brands perform a little bit less well. But our focus going forward is to continue to distort our spending behind these Power Brands. They have the best margins. They've got the best growth trajectory. And that will allow us to continue to offset some of the declines in the other brands.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then a follow-up for Brian. Brian, did you comment on what the SKU rationalization drag is going to be for 2017? And then lastly, should we think of equity income from JVs as up slightly from last year? Thanks.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Yeah. In terms of equity income, I would assume we're planning on relatively close to what they did this year, maybe a little bit better, not significant improvement. They're facing into green coffee inflation, especially in Robusta. So it's a bit of a challenge that they're working through. And, Steven, what was your first?
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: The SKU rationalization drag for 2017.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Oh, SKU rationalization, yeah. All I said and what we'll continue to say, it's smaller than we would have had in 2016 and we're not going to specifically break it out.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, thanks.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelz International, Inc.: Great.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining Mondelz International's fourth quarter and year-end earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful afternoon.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap - Mondelz International, Inc. Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc. Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.
Analysts: Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Mondelez International Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez. Please go ahead, sir.
Shep Dunlap - Mondelz International, Inc.: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO, and Brian Gladden, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release and presentation slides, which are available on our website, mondelezinternational.com/investors. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. Today, we will be referencing our non-GAAP financial measures, unless otherwise noted. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. Before we get started, please note one change in our non-GAAP measures. Consistent with majority of our peers, we're no longer electing to qualify commodity and currency-related derivatives for hedge accounting treatment. As a result, we've redefined our adjusted gross profit, adjusted operating income, and adjusted EPS measures to exclude gains and losses or mark-to-market impacts on commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivatives until the related inventory is sold. In doing so, we'll eliminate the mark-to-market volatility within our adjusted gross profit, adjusted operating income, and adjusted EPS results. For your reference, we've included a schedule in the appendix of today's slides with mark-to-market gains and losses that were reflected in adjusted operating income in prior periods for comparability. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Irene.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks, Shep, and good morning. As you've all seen throughout the year, the macro environment remains challenging. Consumer demand across the globe has slowed, and we continue to deal with choppy conditions in some emerging markets. In the face of this slower growth environment, we've continued to deliver solid financial results. Through the first nine months, we've made progress in several areas. Although our top-line is not yet where we'd like it to be, year-to-date organic net revenue grew 1.6%, led by our Power Brands, which were up more than 3%. Importantly, these results reflect a steadily improving contribution from volume/mix. We've continued to aggressively reduce overheads, and improve the efficiency and cost structure of our supply chain, while making necessary investments to accelerate growth. As a result, we've been able to expand adjusted operating income margin by 260 basis points. What's more, we've increased adjusted EPS by 28% on a constant currency basis, driven primarily by operating gains. Brian will provide more detail on our Q3 performance in a moment, but I'd like to underscore a few highlights. As Tim Cofer, our Chief Growth Officer, shared at the Barclays Conference in September, we're focused on accelerating volume-driven revenue growth. Although there's still room for improvement, we're making progress as vol/mix turned positive in Q3, with solid contributions from North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific. Over the past seven quarters, we've delivered a better balance of pricing and vol/mix while increasing profitability. Going forward, we'll continue to invest to support this balance because it's critical to sustainable top-line growth. Our Power Brands delivered another solid quarter and, once again, outpaced category growth. We're pleased to see that our largest, most important brands continue to perform well, even in the face of challenging market conditions. On the bottom-line, we delivered another quarter of outstanding margin and earnings growth, with adjusted OI margin up 220 basis points, and adjusted EPS up more than 40% on a constant currency basis. Our year-to-date results position us well, not only for the balance of this year, but also as we progress toward our 2018 adjusted OI margin target of 17% to 18%. Finally, we remain committed to a balanced and disciplined capital deployment plan, one that drives long-term growth through reinvestment in the business while providing compelling capital returns to our shareholders. Year-to-date, we've returned $2.6 billion to our shareholders, including $1.8 billion in share repurchases. Looking ahead, we expect the environment to remain challenging, but we will continue to deliver our financial commitments by maintaining focus on what we can control, and by executing the three pillars of our growth strategy. First, as we contemporize our core, we're increasing A&C support behind our Power Brands, selectively investing in trade to narrow price gaps, sharpening connections with our consumers through digital marketing, and innovating to redefine permissible snacking. This is playing out in our improving vol/mix and solid performance of several key Power Brands. For example, Oreo, belVita, and Milka, all posted mid- to high-single-digit growth year-to-date, and we have solid momentum behind our Thins biscuit platform, which includes innovations like Oreo Thins and Chips Ahoy! Thins on the sweet side and GOOD THiNS and Ritz Crisp & Thin on the savory side. Second, we're filling key white spaces by establishing beachheads in key markets. We recently launched chocolate in China, where initial response to our Milka bundle has been very positive. We're also launching Mainstream and Premium Chocolate in the U.S., where we believe the Oreo and Green & Black's brands will resonate well with consumers. We acquired the license to sell Cadbury branded biscuits around the world. This will enable us to grow our Cadbury choco-bakery portfolio in more than 100 markets. And in Japan, we launched Oreo, Ritz, and Premium biscuits in September, following the repatriation of our brands there. These white space opportunities will unlock sizable incremental growth in the near-term beyond our current run rates. And third, we're continuing to drive selling and channel ubiquity by expanding our routes to market and improving in-store execution. This includes a significant focus on e-commerce, which grew approximately 40% in Q3. Of course, given the challenging macroeconomic conditions, we're being quite selective with our investments. This helps balance margin expansion with revenue growth, both short and longer term. Net, we remain confident that a focused and disciplined growth strategy, our strong record of delivering cost saving and margin expansion, together with our improving cash flow, will enable us to accelerate growth on both the top- and bottom-lines over the long-term and create significant value for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks, Irene. Good morning, everyone. We performed well on a number of key measures in Q3, and again, delivered solid financial results. Organic net revenue increased 1.1%, despite the negative impact of approximately 80 basis points from our revenue management actions. Our Power Brands again drove our top-line, up 2.5%. And as Irene mentioned, we delivered another quarter of vol/mix improvement which drove almost half of the revenue growth. Emerging markets rose 2% due to currency-driven pricing and inflationary markets. Our developed markets increased 0.6%, driven by positive vol/mix, while also significantly expanding margins. Now let's take a look at our margin performance. We delivered another quarter of robust adjusted OI margin expansion. Our adjusted gross margin increased 30 basis points to approximately 40%. Continued strong net productivity drove the improvement, which was somewhat offset by higher trade and pricing investments in a few key markets. Adjusted OI margin was 15.8%, up 220 basis points. This improvement was driven by continued reductions in overheads as a result of zero-based budgeting and the expansion of global shared services. The margin improvement included a net benefit of approximately 30 basis points from certain non-core items such as VAT-related settlements, gains from the sale of property, and costs related to our U.S. labor business continuity planning. As Shep mentioned at the beginning of the call, these results now exclude the impact of mark-to-market, which was immaterial in the quarter. Making this change allows for some reduction in both complexity and cost, while providing investors with the same transparency of mark-to-market impacts. We continue to be pleased with our progress on the cost agenda and margin expansion. We're ahead of plan for the year, and we'll be even more aggressive in both overheads and cost reductions, given the more challenging top-line growth environment. At the same time, we're fully committed to support our Power Brands with increased A&C investment. In Q4, we expect to make additional investments to drive revenue and share growth as we head into 2017. Let me now provide some color on our performance by region. In North America, we delivered another strong quarter of margin expansion as adjusted OI margins improved by 220 basis points, primarily driven by continued overhead reductions and good net productivity. On the top-line, our North American business grew about 1%, driven by solid vol/mix. Biscuits growth was led belVita, Chips Ahoy!, Ritz, and Wheat Thins, which all posted solid gains. Despite soft gum and candy results, Sour Patch Kids delivered another strong quarter of growth while expanding share, and Stride posted double-digit growth following the brand's re-launch at the end of Q2. Europe also delivered another quarter of strong margin growth, with adjusted OI margin up 230 basis points to 19.7%. Productivity and lower overheads drove those gains. Organic net revenue was up 1%, primarily due to solid vol/mix. Biscuits posted significant growth, thanks to strong results in the UK and France. Chocolate growth in Germany was also a key driver. In EEMEA, market dynamics deteriorated, especially in the Middle East, as the Gulf States and Saudi Arabia deal with the ongoing pressures resulting from persistent low oil prices. As a result, organic revenue declined just over 1%, and adjusted OI margin decreased 100 basis points driven by lower volume leverage. We're planning for continued weak demand from the Middle East markets over the next few quarters. Once again, however, Russia was a relatively bright spot in the region, posting double-digit growth in biscuits and modest single-digit growth overall. Please take note that this will be the last quarter we talk about EEMEA, as we consolidate this region into our Europe and Asia Pacific businesses. Details of the change are provided in our second quarter and third quarter 10-Qs. In Asia Pacific, adjusted OI margins grew 340 basis points to 13.4%, driven by improved overheads and good productivity. Organic revenue increased 1.5%, primarily due to vol/mix improvements, as AP grew for the sixth consecutive quarter. India posted mid-single-digit growth, fueled in part by continued strength in chocolate, and the launch of Bournvita biscuits. Southeast Asia delivered good share momentum with solid top-line growth in both the Philippines and Vietnam. We continue to see great results from our Kinh Do acquisition as Vietnam delivered high-single-digit growth. Biscuits grew share by nearing two points. China declined slightly due to soft demand across most categories. That said, we continue to hold or grow shares across our categories and are encouraged by the early market feedback on our launch of Milka chocolate. In Latin America, adjusted OI margin increased 540 points to over 15%, primarily driven by the VAT-related settlement in the quarter. Excluding this settlement, margins still posted solid growth. Organic net revenue increased nearly 3%, led by Mexico and Argentina. Mexico grew mid-single-digits, driven by balanced vol/mix and pricing, while Argentina grew high-double-digit through pricing to offset currency-driven inflation. Consistent with our commentary from last quarter, Brazil continued to be difficult, as the economy remained in deep recession. Government austerity measures, tight credit conditions, and high unemployment are all weighing on consumption. We took actions to narrow price gaps in the quarter and we delivered modest growth in chocolate. We're being very selective to protect margins, but we're still seeing some down-trading, especially in biscuits. Unfortunately, we don't see any short-term catalyst for improvement in the Brazilian economy and are planning for this challenging situation to continue into at least the first half of 2017. Let me now spend a few moments providing some highlights on the category performance. In aggregate, category growth continued to slow in the third quarter, and is now at 2.6% on a year-to-date basis. While our growth has trailed categories overall, this is primarily due to our revenue management actions and reflects a conscious decision to forgo revenue with lower margins. Our biscuits business grew nearly 2%, with strength in the UK, the U.S., and Germany. Both belVita and Oreo continued to drive our biscuits results. The launch of Chips Ahoy! Thins in the U.S. also fueled the category. Three quarters of our revenue grew share. Chocolate grew 2%, driven by solid results in the UK, Germany, and India. More than half of our revenue grew share in this category. As we discussed at the Barclays event in September, we're launching chocolate in the U.S. and are encouraged by the initial customer feedback. A limited selection of products will be available in the market during the fourth quarter. This, together with our recent launch of Milka in China will begin to have a more material impact on revenue in Q4 and into 2017. Gum and candy increased just over 1%, led by solid performance in Mexico and the U.S. About half of our revenue in this category gained or held share. Turning to earnings per share, in Q3, we delivered adjusted EPS of $0.52, which was up 42% on a constant currency basis. This growth was primarily driven by strong operating income, as well as lower taxes and continued solid results from our coffee equity investments. Moving to cash flow and capital return, as we highlighted in September, we continue to have a strong focus on improving our cash conversion cycle. To that end, in Q3, we generated approximately $500 million of free cash flow. Several factors such as improving margins, declining CapEx, lower restructuring charges, and improved cash conversion metrics put us in a good position to double our free cash flow in 2018. During the quarter, we returned more than $700 million of capital to shareholders, which brings us to $2.6 billion in capital return through nine months. To-date, we've repurchased approximately $1.8 billion of shares, at an average price of $41.64. We've now increased our target for share buybacks, and expect to repurchase approximately $500 million in the fourth quarter. Before I turn to the outlook, you likely saw that we launched a debt tender and also raised $3.75 billion in new notes last week. As you would expect, we're taking advantage of favorable market conditions, and very attractive pricing to lower our interest cost and increase our flexibility. This is expected to be debt neutral, as we intend to use the net proceeds from the issuance to fund all or a portion of the tender offer, while using the remaining proceeds for general corporate purposes including funding near-term debt maturities. Now to the outlook. Given the slower category growth environment and more challenging conditions in emerging markets, we now expect full year organic net revenue to grow approximately 1.6%. This includes about 100 basis points from our revenue management actions. Underlying that revenue growth, we expect positive vol/mix in the fourth quarter and flat to slightly positive vol/mix for the full year. We remain on track to deliver our 15% to 16% adjusted OI margin target. We expect to achieve this while making additional growth investments in the fourth quarter to stage 2017. We're also increasing our EPS outlook for the year, which reflects our strong year-to-date performance. We now expect full year EPS to be up approximately 25% on a constant currency basis. And with respect to free cash flow excluding items, we continue to expect to deliver at least $1.4 billion for the year. So to wrap up, we feel good about our year-to-date performance, especially in light of the difficult macro backdrop. We're pleased with the improving quality of our top-line despite slower growth overall. Our vol/mix trends continue to demonstrate healthy improvement, including positive growth in Q3 and flat to positive growth for the full year. Our teams continue to deliver significant adjusted OI margin expansion, while increasing investments in our Power Brands. And we're making capital return a priority with $2.6 billion returned to shareholders year-to-date. Looking forward, we remain confident in our ability to deliver our commitments and remain on track to reach our adjusted OI margin target of 17% to 18% in 2018. As usual, we'll provide our outlook for 2017 during our Q4 earnings call. And with that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: The floor is now open for your questions. Your first question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: Good morning, Bryan.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Good morning, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess just wanted to follow-up on, in the course of the presentation you made a few references about, particularly in some of the emerging markets, just that the macro environment's pretty weak and also even the snack category growth, which I guess on slide eight, you've seen kind of the category decelerate. So can you  and I know it's a little early to talk about 2017, but can you just talk about how you're thinking about sort of the macro environment as you're planning for 2017? And also against that backdrop, what gives you the confidence that you get a little bit of improvement sequentially in sales growth for the fourth quarter given just that it seems like the environment may be even getting a touch worse?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: Well, Bryan, first of all, we are not expecting a dramatic change in the macro backdrop and so we continue to plan our business accordingly. We're focused on what we can control. So we're going to continue to focus on our cost structure and making sure that our investments are being laser-focused on the places where we think we can get the best returns. That algorithm is working well for us, and we will continue to deploy that algorithm as we look into 2017. So we're not going to give you any guidance today, but I will tell you our playbook is going to look quite similar, where we're going to continue focus on our Power Brands and focus in those places for investment that we think we can get the best return while continuing to streamline our cost structure to drive our margin expansion. As we think about the fourth quarter, we are not expecting a real change in the base momentum of our business today, but we have a number of incremental initiatives that we talked about in the course of the conversation here. We're continuing the roll-out of China chocolate. We launched it in late Q3 and we'll get a benefit in Q4 and into 2017 from that roll-out. We'll start to benefit from the initial shipments related to our chocolate launch in the U.S. behind the Oreo and Green & Black's trademarks, as I mentioned. We're repatriating our Nabisco brands, particularly Ritz, Oreo, and Premium in Japan. That will be incremental to our base. So all of those actions, on top of our base momentum, is what gives us confidence that we will see some improvement in momentum as we exit the year.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thank you. And can I just follow-up on this category slowing, is that more just macro like you've just got weakness in certain markets, so emerging markets, or is there something structural that's going on?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: We don't see anything structural. There's no question in some of these markets, given our strong market positions, we have an obligation to fuel that growth of the category, and that's why we're continuing to make investments, we're continuing to focus our innovation pipeline on the launch of well-being products like GOOD THiNS and that is helping to stimulate market growth. But overall, the major factor is the macroeconomic backdrop, which clearly has a dampening effect on consumer demand.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thank you, Irene.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hi, Ken.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I just wanted to clarify, in Latin America, I think you said the margin improvement was mainly because of the VAT settlement in the quarter. Could you help us quantify exactly how much that helped?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: In Latin America, it was fairly significant, it represents  and it'll be laid out in the Q, I think we give the dollars, actually. It's in the range of $30 million  $35 million of benefit for the VAT settlement. But the margins otherwise in LA [Latin America] were actually up year-over-year, excluding that. So there's good progress on that productivity as well as overheads in Latin America.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And is that a onetime thing or...
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: ...Latin American VAT is not my expertise? Okay. Perfect.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: It is, yeah.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then, Irene, you said this morning that some of your revenue initiatives will lead to I think "sizable" incremental growth in the near-term. I'm just trying to figure out, you hopefully laid out some of the tailwinds, U.S. chocolate, Cadbury, biscuits, and I think the launch of some products in Japan. As you think about all of these, I guess which is the most important in terms of pushing your sales higher? I'm just trying to get a better sense of maybe the opportunity you see in each of these.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: Well, certainly from a magnitude standpoint, China's the world's second largest economy so we feel very good about, very bullish, about the launch of chocolate in China. We have had very strong results from our launch of gum in China. It's over $200 million business today. We only launched it two years ago or so. So that's probably the biggest. But the U.S. is the largest chocolate market in the world, and we think we're well positioned with a mainstream offering in terms of the Oreo chocolate and then a premium offering under the Green & Black's trademark. That will be offered both online and in e-commerce, and we have  we think those can be sizable additions to the portfolio. So those would be the two biggest on the incremental side. And then certainly, as we enter 2017, we'll share with you our innovation pipeline for 2017, but we've got some very strong contributors there as well.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, Irene.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, everybody.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hey, Andrew.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Just two questions, if I could. First, just with respect to mark-to-market, I guess, maybe what drove the timing to make that adjust this quarter as opposed to, like, at the end of the year, let's say? And then, given, I think, the mark-to-market was a headwind of about $50 million on a year-to-date basis, I guess can you confirm that the full year margin guidance would still apply even if the mark-to-market was still included? First question.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah. Yeah, it does. I mean, it was never contemplated. I mean, we always assumed zero in our guidance for mark-to-market and then you get quarter-to-quarter volatility, and then sometimes year-over-year, obviously, volatility. Year-to-date, it basically creates 30 basis points of favorability by excluding mark-to-market, so it's been a headwind of 30 basis points. The timing, I would say, Andrew, I mean, it's something we've been looking at and benchmarking. I think  we thought about the timing. The reality was it was relatively minor in the quarter, relatively minor for the year. As we think about places where we're putting hedges on for longer periods of time, it just got to the point where the volatility has increased over time. It has been more pronounced over the last year or so. And it just seemed like the right time to do it.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Okay, thanks for that. And then on gross margin, I guess, margins didn't expand on the gross margin side as much as we had modeled in the quarter.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yep.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And I guess with all of the supply chain productivity that's really building and starting to come through, in theory a lot more powerfully, I guess I was surprised by that. And so I'm trying to get a little more clarity on that. Was it just the trade spending that you talked about? Is that still an impact that we'd see in the fourth quarter? And is there any change to sort of the expectation of getting to 42% to 43% gross margins by 2018?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: No, look, I think  so, it was 30 basis points in the quarter. It's up 110 basis points year-to-date. It will continue, Andrew, to be a big driver of margin expansion delivery for us, and feel good about the supply chain reinvention plans. Net productivity execution continues to be very strong. We gave you a range for how we're executing there. And I would just say we continue to see a lot of runway into 2018 and beyond with the supply chain and gross margins. So there were several areas where we invested trade spending, adjusted pricing, really trying to balance growth in margin, given competitive environment. Over time, as our algorithm, as we've said, we think we can manage pricing net of commodities to the point with where we can drop through productivity and allow pricing net of commodities to be about flat. But that'll be over time and it won't be linear. It will vary quarter-to-quarter. I think that's what you're seeing. Feel good about the overall margin delivery, offset some of the gross margin challenge with SG&A, and delivered. We're up year-to-date 260 basis points on OI. So we tend to think about it that way. It will vary, it will be a little bit lumpy and we feel good about the execution on supply chain.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks very much.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hi, Chris.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. I just wanted to ask first, if I could, as you think about some of the activities around revenue management this year, I guess without getting into guidance, is the expectation that those will not continue in 2017? So hopefully your growth is more like your categories in 2017?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: That's what we've been saying, Chris. I think that's still true. We are continuing our work on trade optimization and learning more there. I think we still have opportunity there. It will be a little bit of a headwind. SKU reductions and overall pruning, I think, has tailed off a bit, pardon the pun. But it ultimately is one where I think we're in a position where that will be a smaller impact as we head into next year and we'll update you on that in February.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And I may have missed it in your remarks, but I just want to understand, the third quarter is supposed to be a quarter where you had a larger increase in A&C spending, and then less so on the fourth quarter. Is that the way it worked out? Because you also mentioned you were going to increase that in the fourth quarter as well. Just trying to get, like, order of magnitude or how it may be different from what you thought before.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: No, it's playing out pretty much the way we had thought, Chris. We're spending about 9% of revenue, and given the market conditions, we're being quite selective in where we spend that money and certainly within the mix we're paying a lot of attention to making sure that we're spending behind our Power Brands and the places we can we think we can get the best return. And within A&C, we're putting a lot more emphasis on advertising rather than consumer promotion. And within advertising, we're shifting more to digital around the world. So, net, is the mix of that spending is looking a little different. The magnitude of the spending is essentially what we thought, at about 9% of revenue, and you will see that play through into the fourth quarter as well.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: And, Chris, when you look at the magnitude of the white space launches, whether it's chocolate in China or the U.S., or even Japan, I mean, those are places that are going to require some incremental investment as we head into the fourth quarter. So that's one of the drivers as we talk about the incremental investment in Q4.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you for the time.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yep.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for the question.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hey, Matt.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Brian, first I just had a follow-up on gross margin. How would you characterize where you stand right now in terms of generating a sufficient level of volume to be able to really effectively realize the full margin benefits of the Lines of the Future? And is the slowing category growth outlook going to be a constraint in that respect as you try and move up toward that 42% to 43% target?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah, Matthew, I would just say, it is a challenge, it is something that we, obviously, are dealing with. And you heard me call it out in region performance, and it's affected Latin America and EEMEA, most recently in the last quarter, the volume leverage. But I would just tell you that the supply chain team is adapting the plans. We've pulled CapEx, as we talked to you about in September; that was volume-related out in many cases, redeployed that in additional programs that are more focused on getting cost out and delivering the benefits. So I think it's  yeah, it's a pressure, but I would tell you that our team is reacting, and we're refocusing the plans where we can see the benefits.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: The other thing I'd say, Matthew, is just like in A&C, we're continuing to distort those investments to the places where we think we can get the best return. So most of our Lines of the Future are for our Power Brands, which, year-to-date, are growing over 3% in excess of our categories. And so, that's the reason why we will continue to disproportionately focus our attention and our investments on those Power Brands, because they are inherently advantaged. And as we then start to produce them on Lines of the Future, they're even more advantaged.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks. And, Irene, I also wanted to  sorry  come back to the issue of price gap management and some of the tactical trade promotion that you've been doing. You've been fairly vocal about U.S. biscuits in Brazil, but are you seeing similar dynamics in any specific markets or categories in Europe and Asia, given that we did see some price deceleration in those regions as well?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: No, I would say, those are the two most pronounced. And again, we're continuing to see the reality that that investment does not necessarily stimulate category growth. And so, over time, we are continuing to invest in the underlying equity of our franchises, even in those markets, because that is really the way to drive long-term category growth. Particularly in markets like our emerging markets, one of the benefits of our supply chain reinvention, aside from recapitalizing onto or capitalizing onto more efficient assets is the flexibility that they give us to be able to make packages of different sizes. And that's been an important tool in our arsenal as we seek to make sure that we're providing adequate value on our brands. So that's how we're managing it. And, again, I think as you see the results, we're starting to see vol/mix. We're pleased to see vol/mix playing a more important role and a positive role, both in this quarter and then certainly as we look at the full year.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks again, Irene.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hey, Alexia.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: In the gross margin year-on-year change, you talked about how it looks a lot better on a constant currency basis. Could you talk about what the transactional headwinds have been in there and whether those are expected to persist? And then as a follow-up, how quickly are you expecting to ramp-up distribution on the chocolate in the U.S. market? And how early in 2017 do you expect the broad-based marketing campaign to start? Thank you.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah, I'll take the first part. I think gross margins in general, currency this year has been a bigger impact for us than commodity. That's forced us, in some cases, to price, and that's created some of the challenges we've talked about in a couple of the emerging markets. But I would say, for the most part, it's moderated. The UK continues to be a bit of an outlier with the recent Brexit impact, and we're working our way through that. We're pretty balanced, though, as you look at the UK, as I said, in the second quarter, our exposure on the transaction basis in the UK is balanced, given we have production. Quite a bit of our supply comes out of the UK and is based in local currency. So for the most part, that's not as significant as you might expect. We do also then buy a lot of our cocoa in British pounds and that as well has created a bit of a cushion for us in other parts of the global business. So that said, cocoa in the recent weeks and even a couple of months has actually inflated a bit in U.S. dollars. And if that persists, that will be a challenge for us as we move forward, we'll have to monitor and manage that as we move into 2017. But I think, for the most part, in gross margin we've done a reasonable job this year balancing the impact of transactional currency and pricing appropriately in key markets.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: As we think about the chocolate support, Alexia, we're just turning on the support in China right now, as I mentioned, we're just shipping the bulk of our inventory into our customers. The U.S. support is actually going to be more into 2017. I'm not going to tell you exactly when because I think our competitors would love to know the answer to that. But it is a big piece of our plan for next year, and an important part of our confidence about the incrementality of the opportunity.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, good morning, folks.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hey, Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you for the question. Brian, you mentioned improving cash conversion metrics on the forward. You guys have been holding me on the line on your free cash outlook for the year. As you mentioned in September, you took down your CapEx outlook and certainly today your EPS outlook implies a more robust net income figure. So I guess my question is, where is the cash leakage on that? Net income's going higher, CapEx is going lower, but free cash flow's kind of flat lining. Why aren't we seeing better conversion on this?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: I think the simple answer, I mean, clearly it's a year where we're maxing restructuring spending. This is the peak year along with last year and next year that will begin to go down, Jason. That's probably the biggest. We have said at least $1.4 billion; I think we're encouraged with the progress. We're a bit above our own expectations on cash conversion cycle year-to-date. So we'll see how it plays out in the fourth quarter. As you know, it's a big load of cash that comes in in the fourth quarter given the linearity of the business. So we'll see. But we're feeling good about it. And as I said, cash conversion cycle's ahead of plan, even our internal plans.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, got it. That's helpful. And one more and I'll pass it on. Just in terms of the tax outlook, it looks like you've kind of tweaked it down a little bit, not as big as maybe I thought it would be at first blush from the release this morning. How sustainable is it or should we be sort of wary of a potential tax rate step-up in the future?
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah, based on all we know, I mean, we're saying about 20% (39:20) for the quarter. It implies something in the low- to mid- 20%s (39:24) for the fourth quarter. We haven't changed our long-term guidance which is in the mid- 20%s (39:29). And I think that's just, over time, the mix of business evolves and some tax statutes expire that have given us a bit of an advantage. So we'll manage it. You have discrete items. We had a significant number of discrete items in the quarter around the U.K. and Europe and in Latin America  more than we would typically have  that drove the lower rate. So nothing's really changed, I would say, Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hey, David.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Sorry about that, I was on mute. Just to follow up on promotion spending. It looks like trade investment is having modest volume payoffs, but it's offsetting some of that other revenue management benefits that you're getting to pricing and gross margins. What's been your self-grade on the revenue management that you're deploying, including the recent promotion efficiency? Has it been worth it, some of these reinvestments? And then what should we be looking for in terms of the cross currents to gross margins from that trade spend? Thanks.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah, again, I break it into the three pieces. I mean, the SKU rationalization and pruning, and in some ways walking away from very low margin business. Obviously, that's helped us contribute to the margin expansion. It's been an element of that margin progress. Revenue management itself and the trade optimization piece of that, I would say, we're still making progress in the early phases of that. We're focused on 10 markets where the majority of our revenue is. And the majority of our trade spending, we've resourced it appropriately. We're finding opportunities to spend our dollars more effectively. To be honest, we're finding opportunities to actually grow revenue by appropriately allocating those dollars and distorting those dollars. The analytics have proven to be incredibly powerful, and the centralization and aggregation of that data is very powerful. So I think that will continue to be something that we resource and build into our plans for next year. It is mixed. It will have some pressure on revenue in some markets, and as I said, with the optimization of promotional spend, we can actually see upside in revenue and margin. But as I said in the earlier question, the pruning and SKU rationalization related to supply chain reinvention is, I would say, it's diminishing. It's getting smaller. So as we head into next year  and you asked about the trend, I think it will be less of a negative impact for next year.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: Mostly, David  facts are a very powerful thing, and so as we go to our customers with the data on ROI related to the spending with them, we have a much easier conversation, a much better story, and we're working together because both of us want to get better returns for the money that's being invested. So it's actually making for a much more robust conversation. And as Brian said, we're really getting a lot of learning as we get into this.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Just a follow-up comment is that some companies and consultants are increasingly sharing this dream that better analytics are now coming about that you can shift the spending from lower ROI promotions to higher ROI, and with some lead-time, you may not have that volume trade-off that more blunt shifts have made in the past. I don't know if you believe that, come 2018, say, or by 2018, you could be getting better at this, such that we see net revenue improvement without the volume hit.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah, we're seeing that, David. And there, clearly, are some areas where we have low hanging fruit. I would say, the developing markets, the emerging markets which still have a fair amount of trade spend, that's where it's toughest, because the data is hardest to get at. But some of the more developed markets  what you're saying makes sense, we're going to find areas of distorting spend and moving it to the right places, improves the ROI and could be in that positive on the top-line.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Strycula of UBS.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, and good morning. Question for Brian. I wanted to get a sense of how we should think about the split of margin expansion in the fourth quarter between gross and SG&A, just because the last two quarters we've seen a little bit heavier lean on SG&A for expansion. That question, and then I have a follow-up.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Yeah, I guess, Steven, I'd go back. I mean, when we talked, I guess it was at CAGNY, we said longer term the biggest lever from here to our targets in 2018 is really gross margin. We would say that's still true. The work that we're doing, the line of sight we have, the programs in place, getting to the Lines of the Future targets we talked about  we're at 50 today and we've still got more to do. That's absolutely where we're headed. I would say, in the short-term, the trend you're seeing right now is probably more consistent with what you'll see, that it'll be a mix. It will be  no one quarter is going to be easy to sort of predict, and we're not going to provide that level of granularity. But I think you'll see more SG&A and a little bit less on the gross margin in the fourth quarter.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Great. And how should we think about the cadence or the growth rate of U.S. or North American business, just given that biscuits were a little bit weaker in the second quarter, feels like it got a little bit better in the third quarter, and we're just lapping a really challenging year-over-year comparison in the fourth quarter. So just trying to think through how much is self-control, how much is a little bit of new innovation kicking in against a tough comp.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: We actually think, Steven, a lot of it is under our control. Historically, the category has benefited from our innovation and from the muscle of our DSD selling organization. And we're  we believe that continuing to innovate, support the franchises, and leverage our DSD muscle is going to allow us to get that category growing again. So we've got a sizable amount of continued A&C investment. We're continuing to innovate behind ideas like GOOD THiNS and belVita Bites and Chips Ahoy! Thins, which are driving some very nice incremental growth. And good programming with our retail partners. And so together, we would expect that to help bring that category back to a more robust rate of growth.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Thanks, Steven.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi...
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: Hi, Rob.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): ...Irene and Brian. had a question about the gap between your margins in developed markets versus developing markets. You've boosted  most of the margin improvement has come from North America and Europe, now at 20%, and the developing markets are in the low-10%s and maybe teens, but I'm just wondering, if you think back today versus maybe a few years ago, do you feel like you still have the same pricing power in those developing markets, given the slowdown in macroeconomic conditions? Maybe the competition has gotten tougher, and what do you think you have you to do in order to boost margins in those markets, given also the investment needs for growth?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: So, Rob, we still are getting good pricing, not as much as we were able to in the emerging markets, but the truth of the matter is that our revenue growth in the emerging markets, as Brian mentioned, were up about 2%. About five points of that is pricing. And so we're continuing to get pricing in these markets. As I mentioned earlier, we're looking to be a lot smarter in how we execute that pricing, looking much more to use price pack architecture, smaller sizes, economy sizes to deliver that pricing. And so, we're still getting pricing. The facts are, if you look at our margin performance for our emerging markets, we're getting up to the level of our peers. There continues to be an important component of overhead scale leverage there, so that it's critical for us to fuel the growth there to be able to leverage and amortize that infrastructure. And certainly in our developed markets, we're  in Europe, I think we're probably among the top of our peer group. In the U.S., we're getting much more in that top quartile. So, I think our margins, overall, in aggregate we've made sizable margin expansion, 220 basis points in the quarter, 260 basis points year-to-date. And it's coming from a balance of the work that we're doing in both our developed and our emerging markets. And, again, pricing is  we feel quite confident in our ability to price smartly in these emerging markets, and the results you're seeing reflect that.
Brian T. Gladden - Mondelez International, Inc.: And there's a bit of a structural question around  as you look at the initiatives, the transformation work, whether it's supply chain reinvention, whether it's shared services, I mean, we sequence a lot of that activity and effort on the larger opportunities in the developed markets. So they're a bit behind in terms of executing on transformation, some of that margin expansion opportunity is still to come. And, as you know, we've invested, in many cases, ahead of the growth and we've chose to stick with those investments and count on the fact that those emerging markets will come back and be a nice lever for us when growth returns.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We have time for one more question. Your final question comes from John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the question. Irene, I'd like to ask about your vision for profit contribution in the emerging markets maybe a bit differently. I think the year-to-date expansion has been pretty striking and it seems to be maybe evolving a bit different relative to your base plan a few years ago, which rested more on holding margins flat and driving profit through a faster top-line. I mean, assuming the category growth does remain challenged, how are your options now evolving to address the cost base and overheads in LatAm and EEMEA going forward? Maybe follow Asia's lead.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Mondelez International, Inc.: Very good question, and that's exactly what our intent is, is a lot of the tools that are our Asian team is using are available in our other regions. We start with EEMEA is inheriting some of the business. We announced that we're breaking up our EEMEA region, putting some of the business into Asia Pacific and some of the business into Europe, and that will inherently give us much more leverage on the Middle Eastern business and the Africa business and the Eastern Europe business. That is a part of that. So that will help actually both Europe and Asia Pacific, and basically we'll see progress there. With respect to Latin America, a lot of the tools that we're using, the base productivity shifting our product mix, very disciplined focus on overheads are the same tools that we're using and those will continue to be available in Latin America. And we're going to use those as we continue our margin expansion there. So the work that we've done in  we're very pleased with the progress we've made in Asia Pacific. A lot of it is using the very same tools that we've used elsewhere in the world, zero-based budgeting, focusing on streamlining our overheads, as Brian mentioned, moving to shared services which actually will start to affect the emerging markets more in a more pronounced way as we head into 2017. So we see the opportunities in our other emerging market geographies, similar to what we've done in Asia Pacific. But we're very pleased with the performance in Asia Pacific.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thank you, Irene.
Operator: With that, we thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Shep Dunlap - Vice President, Investor Relations, Mondelz International, Inc. Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Matt Romariz - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Mondelz International second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelz management and the question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Brian Gladden, EVP and CFO of Mondelz International. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Great, thank you, Paula. Good morning and thanks for joining us. Before we get started, I wanted to take a moment to thank Dexter Congbalay for his many contributions to our company throughout the years, including most recently running both Treasury and Investor Relations. As most of you know, Dexter will be leaving us this month. He's been a trusted partner. We'll wish him the very best both personally and professionally. I'd also like to introduce Shep Dunlap, who has joined us as our VP of Investor Relations. Shep brings a great set of skills and experience, and I'm sure you'll enjoy working with him as he settles into his new role here. With that, let me turn the call over to Shep to get started.
Shep Dunlap - Vice President, Investor Relations, Mondelz International, Inc.: Thanks for the introduction, Brian, and I'm happy to be here. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release and presentation slides, which are also available on our website, MondelezInternational.com. As you know, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and our 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Irene Rosenfeld.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Shep, and good morning. Despite a challenging environment, we continued to deliver solid results, and we're confident in delivering our 2016 outlook and 2018 margin targets. I'm pleased with the progress made by our teams in reinventing our supply chain, reducing overheads, and reinvesting in growth. Our strategy is working, driving strong near-term margin performance, providing fuel for investment, and positioning us to sustainably deliver top and bottom line growth. Long term, we expect our advantaged platform together with an ongoing focus on growth and margin expansion to drive organic net revenue at or above our category rates, double-digit adjusted EPS growth, improving cash generation, and significant return of capital to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. With that as context, let's review the highlights of the second quarter. Organic revenue grew 1.5%, including the negative impact of about a point from revenue management actions. Through the first half, our growth rate was 1.9%. Our power brands once again drove our top line, up 3% and in line with global categories. Emerging markets rose nearly 4%, fueled by currency-driven pricing in markets like Argentina and Russia. Developed markets were essentially flat but delivered another positive quarter of vol/mix while continuing to significantly expand margins. Our overall share performance was not yet where we wanted it to be, but we began to see meaningful improvements in a number of key markets, like chocolate in the UK, Germany, Australia, and India, as well as biscuits in Europe, and globally across our gum and candy business. This progress was partially offset by declines in some large markets such as U.S. biscuits and Brazil, where our near-term share positions were negatively impacted by aggressive competitive trade promotions. Brian will discuss market share in more detail in a moment. Adjusted OI margin for the second quarter was strong, up 210 basis points versus prior year. Cost control has now become embedded in our culture and we're firing on all cylinders, both in supply chain as well as in overheads. These first half results position us well for the full year. Our focus on cost enables us to expand margins while continuing to fuel growth. In that spirit, let me take you through two exciting opportunities that will be important drivers going forward. First, we're delighted to announce the launch of our Milka brand into China's $2.8 billion chocolate market. This is a prime example of the growth strategy in action. As we've discussed, most of our emerging markets are one- or two-category countries. We added gum to our leading China biscuit business in the second half of 2012. And today that business generates annual revenue of approximately $200 million. By leveraging a formidable power brand like Milka in a sizeable category white space, we see significant potential for chocolate in a market where per capita consumption is quite low, even by emerging market standards. We expect our unique brand assets, industry-leading innovation, a new world-class manufacturing facility, and strong sales and marketing capabilities will not only grow our business, but will also accelerate the category. While chocolate in China has recently been challenged, we believe we're well positioned to succeed. Our plans have been presented to customers and we'll enter the market in the next few weeks, well before the critical Chinese New Year season. Finally, while only a small part of our business today, we have significantly bolstered our capabilities in e-commerce. Although online snacks are relatively under-developed, we believe e-commerce will be increasingly important as consumer purchasing behavior changes. Our intent is to capture share in this fast-growing channel by leveraging our strong brands and marketing knowhow. Since the start of the year, we've taken a number of steps, including: enhancing our infrastructure; adding new experience resources and building capability; strengthening our partnerships with Amazon in the U.S., Alibaba in China, and with the e-commerce arms of our traditional retailers; as well as accelerating gift offers with personalized packaging and subscriptions on brands like Cadbury in the UK. Early results are very encouraging. In the first half, we grew our e-commerce revenue by more than 30%. Looking ahead, our goal is snacking leadership in e-commerce and over $1 billion in sales by 2020. The launch of chocolate in China and our progress in e-commerce are just two examples of investments that are continuing to build and transform our advantaged platform. Looking ahead, there's no question that the environment remains challenging, especially in emerging markets. We remain focused on what we can control, margin and share. To that end, we're taking a number of actions that will impact the second half. These include: increased A&C on our power brands; targeted investments in trade spending to narrow price gaps in key markets; several significant innovation launches, including chocolate in China; and continued expansion of our routes to market, including e-commerce, all while continuing to drive cost reduction across the enterprise. We remain confident in our strategy and execution to grow both our top and bottom lines over the long term and to create significant value for our shareholders. Before I close, I know many of you would like an update on the potential transaction with Hershey. While I can confirm that we did make an offer to Hershey, as you would expect regarding any potential M&A activity, we have no additional comments to make. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Irene. We had solid financial results for the second quarter and the first half of the year. Specifically, we delivered another quarter of strong adjusted OI margin expansion and earnings growth. Adjusted gross margin of over 40% was flat in Q2, as the negative impact of mark-to-market as well as currency-driven inflation offset another quarter of strong net productivity. In fact, our efforts to reinvent our supply chain and deploy advantaged manufacturing lines of the future continue to drive margin benefits, as we delivered net productivity of better than 3.5% for the first half. Q2 adjusted OI margin was 15.2%, up 210 basis points. This was largely driven by the ongoing ZBB [Zero-Based Budgeting] impact on our overheads and especially our execution on shared service initiatives. In addition, the margin expansion included some one-time favorable impacts from asset sales in North America. These proceeds more or less offset the negative impacts of mark-to-market and the cost of our U.S. labor-related business continuity planning. We're pleased with our first half margin performance and are slightly ahead of our plan, as our cost execution has exceeded expectations. We're also investing in additional A&C and selected incremental trade spending during the second half to support top line growth and improve share. Let me now provide some color on regional performance for both revenue and margins. North America had a very solid  a very strong margin quarter. Adjusted OI margins expanded by 470 basis points, driven by strong productivity, overhead cost reductions, as well as the previously mentioned asset sale benefit, offset somewhat by the U.S. labor business continuity planning costs. We grew organic revenue nearly 1%, driven by vol/mix increases. Escalated trade spending by our competitors negatively affected our short-term results. Overall, biscuits were up only modestly. But Oreo, belVita, and Triscuit all delivered solid consumption growth. Candy posted strong results, driven by Sour Patch Kids and Hall's. In gum, Trident turned in another quarter of solid performance, and we began the relaunch of Stride late in the quarter, which should improve shares in the months ahead. As Irene mentioned, we have several strong programs in place to better position us for the second half. Europe also had an outstanding margin quarter, with adjusted OI margin up 350 basis points to 18%, driven by strong productivity and lower overheads. Organic revenue in Europe was essentially flat, although here too we're seeing a nice progression in vol/mix and share trends. Both our chocolate and biscuit categories delivered strong results in the UK and Germany, which helped grow vol/mix by 70 basis points for the region. Building on last year's launch in the UK, we also lunched Ritz Crisp & Thin crackers in France, which is delivering good results, as we take the brand to a new consumption occasion. In EEMEA [Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa], adjusted OI margins were flat, driven by weaker demand and the resulting volume leverage impact. Organic revenue declined more than 2%, driven by a slowdown in the Middle East and North Africa, where economic and geopolitical volatility, including the impact of low oil prices, is having a more pronounced effect on consumer demand. A very weak Ramadan season in the Middle East also tempered the top line. Despite that backdrop, Russia turned in a solid performance, growing low double digits as a result of pricing actions to offset inflation. In Asia-Pacific, our adjusted OI margins were up 190 basis points, driven by improved overheads, strong productivity, and pricing. Organic revenue increased 2% and vol/mix was positive, up more than 1%. This is our fifth consecutive quarter of growth in Asia. India benefited from the launch of Bournvita biscuits, which addresses consumers' growing need for a morning snack under a well-known brand that delivers taste and nutrition. Chocolate also generated solid gains. Australia was also strong while Southeast Asia was up for the third straight quarter. Our Kinh Do business in Vietnam continues to be a bright spot. Our teams are executing well as we integrate this business, which provides a platform to drive our power brands through its distribution network of 130,000 outlets. China declined low single digits, as the biscuit category slowed and we lapped last year's Trident gum launch. While overall China consumer demand has recently slowed, we believe longer-term dynamics will improve, as evidenced by our significant investment in chocolate that Irene discussed earlier. In Latin America, adjusted OI margins declined 210 basis points. Difficult economic conditions in Brazil pressured margins in the form of currency and volume headwinds. Latin America organic revenue grew nearly 9%, led by strength in Argentina and Mexico. Argentina grew double digits primarily due to inflation-driven pricing, while Mexico had a strong first half and continued to gain momentum, as strong vol/mix contributed to high single-digit revenue growth. Brazil declined low single digits, and we see no short-term catalyst for improvement in the Brazilian economy. We're taking actions to close selected price gaps, but we expect the market to remain challenging in terms of both revenue and margins at least through the second half. Let me spend a moment providing a few highlights by category. In aggregate, categories have slowed to about 3% year to date, driven by key emerging markets like Brazil, China, and India. Our global biscuits business grew nearly 2%, with strength in the UK, in the U.S., and Germany. Oreo led the way, growing high single digits. In addition, we're continuing to drive our well-being portfolio. belVita grew high single digits globally, while our GOOD THiNS innovation in the U.S. also posted solid results. While our biscuits share has been challenged in some key markets, we have a number of actions underway to address the issue. In the U.S., we're innovating across several winning biscuit platforms while investing incremental trade spending behind our DSD [Direct Store Delivery] execution. In Brazil, we're investing in additional advertising and consumer support while selectively narrowing price gaps on key SKUs. Our focus remains on improving our share position. We expect the incremental actions we're taking will improve our share position in the second half. Chocolate grew more than 2%, driven by solid results in India, Australia, and the UK. Also in the quarter, Germany continued to deliver strong growth as we lapped last year's revenue management actions. More than half of our revenue in chocolate grew share. Gum and candy increased nearly 2%, led by solid performance in the U.S. and Mexico. About half of our revenue in this category gained or held share. Now turning to earnings per share, for Q2, our adjusted EPS was up more than 4% on a constant currency basis, which includes the impact of coffee dilution. And for the first half, adjusted EPS increased 17% on a constant currency basis. Operating gains of $0.15 were the primary driver of the improvement. Below the line, adjusted EPS declined $0.01, as dilution from last year's coffee deal more than offset benefits from lower share count, taxes, and interest expense. Note that this will be the last quarter of coffee dilution, as we lap the close of last year's coffee transactions. I would note that both JDE and Keurig performed well in the quarter and contributed some upside versus our expectations. In the second quarter, we delivered more than $500 million of free cash flow and improved our cash conversion cycle by 20 days to minus four days. Returning capital to our shareholders remains a priority for us, and we've returned more than $1.8 billion to shareholders through the first half. We've repurchased more than $1.3 billion in our shares at an average price of $41.07, and we continue to target $2 billion in share repurchases for the year. Last week, we also announced a 12% increase in our quarterly dividend. Dividends remain an important part of our capital return strategy, as we target a payout of at least 30%. Since the spin, we've returned nearly $13 billion of cash to shareholders. Let's take a closer look at our current outlook. As you've heard today, we feel good about our first half results and expect continued strong performance in the second half despite the macro backdrop, especially in the emerging markets. Specifically, we now expect the following for 2016. We've modestly reduced our organic net revenue growth outlook to approximately 2% from at least 2%. This reflects the increasing challenges we're seeing in global categories and includes about 100 basis points from revenue management actions. We continue to expect adjusted OI margin of 15% to 16% and are increasingly confident in delivering this commitment. As you think about the second half, we expect heavier investments in the third quarter, which would lead to higher margins in the fourth quarter. We continue to expect double-digit growth in adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis. Our view now includes an incremental $0.03 to $0.05 versus our last outlook due to solid operating performance, lower interest expense, and strong performance in our coffee joint ventures. Unfortunately, based on recent spot rates, this upside will be mostly offset by currency. We expect currency to be a four-point headwind to revenue growth, up from three points. And for adjusted EPS, we estimate an $0.08 headwind, up from $0.05. This also includes our view of the Brexit impact on our results, which is limited to an approximate $0.02 headwind related to the currency translation impact on our UK-based earnings. Our net transaction exposure is very limited, as we buy a majority of our global cocoa needs in British pounds, which offsets net transaction exposure in the UK. So to summarize our EPS outlook, the upside we're seeing in EPS allows us to fully offset the negative impact of currency changes, including Brexit. Finally, we still expect free cash flow, excluding items, of at least $1.4 billion. So to wrap up, we're pleased with our results in the first half. We delivered significant margin expansion while continuing to invest behind our power brands. Our vol/mix performance continued to improve, and we returned $1.8 billion to shareholders. While we remain cautious about the challenging operating environment, we're confident in our ability to deliver on our top and bottom line targets, and we remain on track to reach our adjusted OI margin target of 17% to 18% in 2018. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi, Chris.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Chris.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. I had just two questions for you, if I could, to start off. And the first question I wanted to ask was just in relation to your developed versus developing market growth. This quarter seemed to show a little softer growth in developed markets actually. I had expected a little bit of pressure in Brazil and some of those markets, and you certainly cited those. But overall emerging market growth was about consistent with where it was in the first quarter. Do you expect that to weaken a bit as it goes to the second half as some of these markets are more challenged? And is it developed markets then pick up a little bit in the second half of the year from where they are currently?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Actually, I think, Chris, you have to separate  I think your assessment about emerging markets is correct. Obviously, we're feeling like  having watched what's happening, particularly in Brazil, we're seeing more softness there than we had anticipated. But I'd say in our developed markets it's really all about North America. And Europe is actually continuing to improve sequentially. We're seeing strong vol/mix performance. We're seeing nice performance on share. And so the big change is really on our U.S. biscuit business, whereas we mentioned we saw some very aggressive trade spending from some of our competition. It is not helping to grow the category, but we certainly are responding. And I would tell you even in the early couple of weeks in July we're starting to see that business come back. So net-net, we do expect our developed markets to continue to show strong performance in terms of vol/mix improvement as well as share. But our overall forecast continues to be somewhat muted because the aggregate category growth, which we had thought would be in the 3% to 4% range, is below the lower end of that range, and that's really what's driving our forecast.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: The other thing I would add, Chris, is just emerging  the growth was similar in Q1 and Q2, but the quality in terms of vol/mix got better. So it's not nearly as price driven as it was in the first quarter.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay; that's helpful. Thank you for that color. Just a quick question for you then on the guidance. Obviously, the revenue growth guidance has moderated a bit and so has the SKU rationalization expectation or activity there. On the margin side, are you seeing a little better margin? I think we were pushing more toward the low end of that range. Is 15% to 16% now a better range, if you will, versus the low end for your operating margin in 2016?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I wouldn't change, Chris, the view. We feel really good about the first half. As I said, we're a bit ahead on the cost execution. Given the dynamics in the market, clearly it's a volatile environment, and we are planning to invest back and probably more than we would have expected in the first half of the year in the second half to drive some improvement in those shares and the growth. So I think we feel good with where we are. We're not really changing the outlook on margins. And being at 15%-plus for the first half gives us confidence for sure, but we're going to invest.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay; thanks so much for your time.
Shep Dunlap - Vice President, Investor Relations, Mondelz International, Inc.: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just wanted to ask, I guess, a more broad question about capital allocation, and completely understanding that you can't talk specifically about Hershey. But one question that we've fielded quite a bit over the last few weeks has been just from a broader perspective, Irene, that you're at a point now where you're considering doing a relatively good-sized acquisition. Can you just talk to how you get to that point? Is it because the company is at a point now where you feel like you're ready to make a  can take on a transaction like that? Does it make a statement about what you think maybe the medium or longer-term outlook is for some of the categories, given what's changed in emerging markets? Just some context or color in terms of how you got to the point where you're ready to at least contemplate potentially making a large transaction.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, Bryan, our capital allocation strategy has not changed. And as I said in my remarks, we have no additional comments on the Hershey situation.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay; thank you.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Morning, everybody.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Two things for me. One, the move into China with the Milka brand -- I guess my question there is following on to Bryan's really is more about timing. I guess why is now the right time for something like that? Are there capabilities now that you didn't have before that you have now? Is it there's more clarity on productivity efforts that enable the investment at this point? I'm really trying to get a better read on the timing of this announcement because obviously the white space here in China in chocolate has been around for quite some time.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So we have been planning this for some time, as you said. And one of the most important poles in that tent is local production. And so we have a factory now up and running in Suzhou, and it's ready to go. We have continued to monitor the marketplace to understand the opportunities, both in terms of our portfolio as well as in our channels. And obviously, e-commerce is an important channel for us in China, and our partnership with Alibaba is a critical piece of our launch plan. So it was, frankly, just the opportunity to get all the various elements together for the launch plan. But we think it is quite representative of the growth opportunity that we see in a number of our emerging markets.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then 2Q gross margin came in I guess a little below what we had been modeling. I realize there was less of a benefit from mark-to-market, but I think gross margin comps do get tougher in the back half. And I know this is supposed to be a very big year with respect to supply chain efforts, and we're seeing some of that come through. So I guess is 2Q the way we should be thinking about gross margin expansion for the next few quarters, or are we likely to see the rate of year-over-year change for gross margin improve moving forward?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Look, I guess, Andrew, I would say if you look at the quarter, maybe I'd start with year-to-date gross margins up 150 basis points ex-mark-to-market, the quarter ex-mark-to-market up 70 basis points. Developed markets have been very strong on gross margins. I think in the quarter, you would have seen some challenges in terms of keeping up with currency-driven inflation in a couple markets. Brazil is a good example. EEMEA is a bit of a challenge in terms of volume leverage. So I would tell you, as we've said and as we shared in the conferences, this is going to be primarily a gross margin driven continued margin expansion. The supply chain work that we're doing is still significant. We feel great about that. The net productivity was very strong. And I think gross margin will continue to be a driver of the margin expansion for us.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for the questions. Brian, I guess I wanted to ask first about your revenue management efforts. My sense is that you're still in the relatively early stages of analyzing and starting to unlock some of those efficiencies. So as you talked today about the need to reinvest back into trade in the U.S. and a few other markets, should we really expect trade optimization to have a meaningful impact on price/mix dynamics or margins this year, or is it something that you're looking at over more of a multiyear timeframe?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I wouldn't really change anything from what we've said. It continues to be a large spend for us and a big opportunity. We've mobilized resources and analytically are better understanding our trade spend now on a global basis. And I would say we continue to look for opportunities to more effectively manage that spend. In some cases, it's going to allow us to reinvest those dollars in important markets where we think that's necessary to drive growth and good margins. Really for us, it's about balancing share and customer relationships and margins, and that's going to be an important part of how we manage the overall growth of the business and the margins of the business. So nothing's really changed in terms of what we're doing. The activity and the initiative is on track. And I think you'll always see us selectively reinvest trade spend where we have to where we think that's a prudent decision with good ROI.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, thanks, Brian, and just one follow-up on the organic sales trends in Eastern Europe. You mentioned some newer issues emerging in the Middle East and North Africa. I was just wondering if the impact from those was amplified by the seasonal timing in the quarter or a difficult comparison. And going forward into the second half of the year, would you expect the region broadly to return to some level of positive organic sales growth?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I would say not a lot of seasonality in that. It's more the macro dynamics in oil prices, political instability. You can go right down the list. Clearly, Saudi Arabia, Nigeria, Yemen, Syria, those are markets that are challenging, and I would say just consumer demand was down and categories have been down. So we do see some signs of stabilization as we look to the second half of the year. And as we talked about, the other elements of that business, Eastern Europe, Russia has done very well, and there are parts of Africa that have also done well. So we'll manage it. I think it's one of the reasons why you saw us take down the overall view on revenue for the total year is that instability and that volatility.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Probably the only seasonality that does have an impact is Ramadan in the Mideast. And it was a slow Ramadan season in large measure, as Brian said, because of the macro environment, driven by low oil prices. And that's volume that just doesn't come back. But net-net, our outlook for a number of the other countries is to see continued momentum.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Thank you both.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, thanks for the question. I think this is the second quarter in a row where you've said that you're increasing A&C support. But I'm having a little trouble understanding quantifying that and then figuring it out as a percentage of sales. Is it going up? Because  and then you also said you're increasing trade promotion in certain areas. So just in terms  maybe I could break it out this way. Internally, are you telling the organization that you're putting more money into marketing than you thought in the beginning of the year, like consumer marketing, and at the same time also more into trade promotion simultaneously? Thanks.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I guess, Rob, it varies a little bit by market. But I think overall we are getting good returns on the A&C investment, and that's why we continue to make those investments. Our A&C is above 9% of revenue. You won't have visibility to that right now, but we continue to see A&C as a critical driver of our brand equities. And certainly as you start to see the recovery in places like the UK, Germany, India, Australia, EU biscuits, it's all reflective of the investments that we're making. And so those are the kinds of places that we will continue to make investments as well as in digital marketing. That said, there are selected hot spots that we've talked about, particularly markets like U.S. biscuit and Brazil where our price gaps are not where we want them to be. And so we are going to invest some trade back in that business, but that's not going to be without A&C support to continue to drive the longer-term brand equity. So net-net, we are increasing A&C in those places where we feel we're getting an adequate return, and that's an important part of our algorithm going forward.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, thank you.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. As a follow-up on that trade promotion question and also throwing in SKU rationalization, can you provide any specific examples of changes that you've been making? And have your expectations around trade promotion spending changed for this year given the competitive environment you just laid out?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: For sure, David. I think the reality is we are seeing a little bit different environment where not only we're a bit weaker in terms of category growth in some markets, but seeing how competitors play. And a couple examples we called out in the discussion are North American biscuits and Brazil, where we've seen more aggressive competitive trade spend that's affected our shares and our growth. So that's clearly a place where we're redeploying trade spend. And I would say we're finding, to the first part of your question, we are finding opportunities to free up some dollars in other trade spending we do across the business and realign it in those markets, which is going to be important given the environment that we're seeing.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Are there any specific examples that you can cite in terms of bigger buckets that have changed with regard to trade promo spending and SKU rationalization?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: SKU rationalization has been ongoing. That's a contributor as much to what we're doing on net productivity and supply chain reinvention. So without getting into specific details on where we might be cutting trade spend or specific accounts, I'm not going to probably get into that.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, good morning, folks. Thank you for the question. I wanted to circle back to Rob Moskow's question in terms of A&C spend. Can you give us the specifics in terms of what advertising within SG&A has done year to date and what your expectation is for the full year?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Jason, we'll give you that number at the end of the year as we always do in our 10-K. But again, advertising is an important component of our overall brand equities. We will continue to look to make sure that our share of voice and share of market are well aligned. And I've been very clear about where the key markets are where we're making those investments. But we will continue to monitor the returns that we're getting on those investments, both near term as well as over the longer term.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay; let me try another one then. Let's talk price real quick. I appreciate that vol/mix has gotten better. Comparisons certainly are more favorable going forward. But price is sliding a little bit. It sounds like the trajectory on the forward is even weaker, which isn't inconsistent with what we're hearing from other companies. Is that consistent, though, with how you're looking at the world right now?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Look, covering costs with our pricing is critical to our algorithm, as you know. And so it is our intent to continue to price to offset higher input costs, particularly those that are common to industry. And currency in particular continues to be a headwind for us in most markets around the world. And so the key for us as we think about protecting gross margins as well as continuing to drive our ability to invest in our brands, making sure that we have adequate coverage of our cost is critically important. As the market leader, we typically are the first to increase prices. It does often lead to some temporary dislocation, but it ultimately recovers. I talked a lot about  last year I talked a lot about our share position in chocolate in general, but particularly in markets like the UK and Germany. It took some time for the consumers to adjust to those new price points. And now we're starting to see our shares recover. So there's no question there's some short-term dislocation, but our ability to cover costs with our pricing is critical to our overall algorithm.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it; very good.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: 2016, as we've said to you, pricing will be less of a factor than it has been in the past years, but we still do see a couple of the emerging market economies that are going to require that we continue to price.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes, yes. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great, thank you and good morning.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Brian, just a minor, minor thing -- apologies here. You said $0.08 on the FX impact. I think your slide actually says minus $0.09. Did you just misspeak, or is it  which one is it, $0.08 or $0.09?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It's $0.08, and if the slide is wrong we'll get it fixed.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): No worries; it's minor. Just want to make sure I'm writing the right things here. The big picture, I'd just like to go back to the capital allocation and just at least give it a try, see what you think of this question. But if the margin upside is as good as laid out and if there is more to come after 2018, why not just take the capital and buy back stock and execute the margin improvement program? Wouldn't a large acquisition require the sale of equity, which is presumably under-earning right now? And then I just want to say, Irene, that I'm really trying to make this not a Hershey question, and I totally understand your sensitivity. I'm really trying to focus on the margin potential side of this and how big is that margin potential over time. And then lastly, I'd just note this builds on the big margin changes that we've seen at the peers with some announcement for bigger margin expectation having just gotten rolled out. So it's incredibly topical. Thank you.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, David, we really believe our point of difference versus other companies is our ability to grow on both the top and the bottom line. We have an advantaged set of assets both in terms of our brand portfolio, our routes to market, as well as in our overall geographic footprint. And we will continue to invest in those assets to drive long-term growth. In the near term and frankly over the longer term, the funding source for those investments will come from continued margin expansion. And as you rightly point out, we see opportunity, as you've heard from us this morning. We continue to see opportunities to deliver margins in the 17% to 18% range in 2018, and certainly we will continue to see opportunities beyond that. So margin remains the source of expansion to the bottom line as well as a source of funding for us to continue to invest in our brand franchises. Even as our global categories have slowed, snacking categories are growing at a much faster rate than other food, and we continue to see the long-term potential of investing in that growth opportunity.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay; I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein Research.
Matt Romariz - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, this is Matt Romariz standing in for Alexia. Good morning. Thanks for the question. And I was just wondering if you could give us a brief update on your China business. You mentioned the initiative of launching chocolate there now. Basically, it's broad-sized within the APAC segment. Is its profitability broadly in line with the segment profitability we see? Just general color in the China business would be nice. Thank you.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: China is an important market for us. We have some of the most attractive gross margins in that market of any of the emerging markets in the world. But there's no question that the economy has weakened, and that's contributed to slower growth of our categories. And so we have continued to selectively invest in marketing support in our power brands and in particular in e-commerce, as the fastest growth in e-commerce is occurring in China. And we actually see close to 10% of snacks being purchased online, and it's one of the drivers of the partnership that we struck with Alibaba. So we really believe that strong programming we have on our core franchises, biscuit and gum, together with the launch of China will help us to continue the momentum in that market. But near term, we do remain cautious, given the economy. But there's no question as we look at the long-term profile, the growing middle class, the urbanization of the population, and the opportunity for continued distribution gains, China will continue to be an important part of the growth story.
Matt Romariz - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: But any ballpark numbers for profitability that you can share?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We are not providing profitability by country.
Matt Romariz - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: All right. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, thank you.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, John. Are you with us, John? We lost you.
Operator: Okay, he may have got disconnected.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Can you hear me?
Operator: Okay, John. Go ahead.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I'm sorry, sorry about that. I'd like to ask about the power brands and that the rate of growth there has really moderated from solid mid-single digits the last two years down to 3% this quarter. Can you walk through what's behind that deceleration? And maybe specifically the extent that you've already realized some of the easier distribution gains, and now it's just a slower build going forward, or is it really just tied back to biscuits and the macro issues in general?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I would say it's the latter, John. There's no question that if you think about our overall share performance, we're only down 0.3 points of share in the U.S. biscuit. But given the size of that market, it has a profound impact on our overall performance. And so there's no question that getting that U.S. biscuit business back growing again more significantly is a critical piece of our overall performance. But our power brands will continue to be the growth drivers of our overall portfolio. They carry higher margins. They grow at a faster rate. And we expect that we are now over time continuing to put them on advantaged assets through the work we're doing in supply chain reinvention. And so the Q2 numbers were largely impacted by the U.S. biscuit situation.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And there are big power brand exposures in some of the emerging markets that have slowed, John, so it's really the macro.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: But the white space opportunity is still just as strong as it's been going forward?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely, absolutely.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kenneth Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good morning, everyone.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Ken.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Ken.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I have two sizing questions in terms of the new markets. When you think about China and the chocolate market, you said that gum is growing to about a $200 million business over a four-year period. Is that the right metric to think about it and how big this white space opportunity is? Is it bigger than that? Can you just size the opportunity for us?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm not going to give you our business proposition. But again, we see it as a very attractive market. And frankly the opportunity, many of the players in that market have not performed particularly well of late, and so we see it as a real opportunity for us to take some leadership and get the category growing faster.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, all right. And then the second question that I have is when you think about the online business, I think you said $1 billion in 2020. Is that all incremental? Does that take away other business? How much of that do we actually think of as truly new business? Is there a way to parse that out as well?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Obviously, it's early days, Ken, and so I think it's hard to tell you exactly how incremental it is as consumers shift their behavior from more traditional channels. It's not going to be 100% incremental. But there's no question that we have the opportunity as we look at the kinds of items were offering in those channels as well as the nature of the consumption occasions that the consumer is using those channels for, be it gifting or subscription opportunities, that clearly will be incremental to our base business. And so it's one of the reasons we're so encouraged about that opportunity and have chosen to invest significantly behind it.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. I guess what I'm trying to get at is I understand that this year is a little bit weaker in terms of sales growth relative to your long-term expectations. But are there other legs to the stool like these that you expect to see acceleration? Is that the way to think about it? Is that how you see white space opportunities in these growth algorithms, and that's how you're going to get back to that higher level of growth? Is that the way to think about it?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think the opportunity is both white space in terms of our category participation as well as our channel participation. As we look at emerging markets, for example, we still see growth in the traditional trade. And so part of our investment in route-to-market in areas like Brazil or India or even China as we think about getting outside the main cities is designed to access those consumers and that consumption that we don't cover with our participation in the modern trade. So it's both white space with respect to brands and innovation opportunities as well as with respect to channel.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great, I really appreciate it. Thank you.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: We have time for one more question. Your final question comes from Jonathan Feeney of Consumer Edge Research.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning, thanks for getting me in, just a couple quick ones. First, if you look at what Hershey did recently in China, it actually extends the milk chocolate Hershey brand to a lot of different places. They've recently had to significantly retrench their growth expectations. So looking at that and maybe how much penetration and competition there is in the chocolate business, what it is about Milka that makes you think it's a good time right now to launch in China? And secondly, if I can, what is it about just this fascinating 10% or so of snacks being bought in China via e-commerce? What is it that's going on in that market that makes that consumer want to buy snacks through your Alibaba partnership, e-commerce in general? And can you bring that to North America, to Latin America, other markets in a way where Mondelz can well outpunch the competition in that channel? Thanks very much.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, Jon, let me answer the second question first, which is absolutely we see the opportunity. There's no question. There are different models within e-commerce. Alibaba is much more of a single-item model versus some of the models that we see with some of our traditional retailers in the developed markets that are more just a market basket approach to a way to buy their normal purchases. So we see every opportunity to learn from the experience we're having with Alibaba and bring some of the unique items, some of the subscription opportunities for brands like belVita, for example, to the online space and to drive our growth. And that is the big opportunity that we see. We are certainly learning a lot from the various partnerships that we have around the world. With respect to chocolate in China, we have studied this for quite some time. The Chinese consumers love brands with personality. We've done a lot of testing with the consumer, and our Milka bundle is a very unique bundle. The purity of Alpine milk together with some of the assets that you're familiar with, the Lila cow, for example, are really positive with the Chinese consumer. And we have every expectation that we can actually bring growth back to this market with the launch of Milka.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Great, thanks very much.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Jonathan.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-27 12:45:00) =====
Executives: Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Joshua A. Levine - JPMorgan Securities LLC Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Mondelez International First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dexter Congbalay, Vice President Investor Relations for Mondelez International. Please go ahead, sir.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning and thanks for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO and Brian Gladden, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release and today's slides, which are available on our website, mondelezinternational.com. As you know, during this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Excuse me. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Irene.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Dexter. Good morning. We had a good start to the year. We continued to drive top-tier margin expansion and earnings growth, while stepping up organic revenue growth. Specifically, organic net revenue grew more than 2%, as we drove our Power Brands, stepped up volume mix in developed markets, raised prices again to recover currency-driven input costs in emerging markets, and continued to eliminate less profitable brands and lower return spending. We expanded adjusted gross profit margin by 170 basis points to 39.7% by driving strong net productivity. Adjusted operating income margin expanded 240 basis points to 15.1%, as we continued to aggressively reduce overheads, while significantly stepping up A&C support. And finally, adjusted EPS was $0.48, up 31% on a constant-currency basis, driven by operating gains. Let's take a closer look at the details. Organic revenue in Q1 grew just over 2%, in line with our annual guidance. Importantly, the impact from our revenue management actions, which includes SKU reduction and trade optimization, was a little more than 1 percentage point. That's largely consistent with our full-year estimate of about 1.25 points, and you'll see in a few minutes how that played through our margins. We delivered this growth despite the volatile operating and currency environment that pressured category growth, especially in many of our larger emerging markets. In aggregate, emerging markets were up about 3.5%, as we priced to recover currency-driven inflation to protect profitability. Along with softening category growth, this pricing had some elasticity impact, which resulted in lower vol/mix in the short term. In contrast, developed markets grew 1.3%. What's noteworthy is that nearly all of this growth was driven by vol/mix, including solid growth in both Europe and North America. This reflects the continuation of the improvement in our vol/mix contribution, as the cost environment has moderated since early 2015. Power Brands continued to drive our growth. They were up nearly 4%, in line with our categories. The shift of Easter-related shipments into the first quarter provided us with only a modest benefit, given that Easter was only one week earlier than last year. Turning now to our results by region, despite the challenging environment, every region contributed to revenue growth, with three of them also delivering positive vol/mix. Latin America was up nearly 4%, all due to pricing in response to currency-driven inflation in Argentina and Brazil. Brazil was down low-to-mid single digits as the deteriorating political and economic environment pressured category growth. We expect operating conditions in Brazil to remain challenging for the balance of the year, and that's reflected in our current outlook. In contrast, Mexico, our second largest market in the region, was a bright spot. Revenue was up high-single digits, driven by strong volume and share growth in gum. EEMEA grew 4.5%, all driven by pricing in response to continued currency-driven inflation in several markets. Political and economic instability in several countries tempered category growth. Russia grew low-single digits, as higher pricing was mostly offset by elasticity and softer consumption due to the macro environment. Nonetheless, we held share in our two largest categories, chocolate and biscuits. As with Brazil, we remain cautious about the near-term operating environment in Russia, and that also continues to temper our full-year outlook. Asia Pacific grew almost 3%, including about a point of vol/mix growth. India, Australia and the Southeast Asian markets all contributed. Chocolate in India was up double digits, driven by vol/mix gains and stable shares in response to increased A&C support behind Cadbury Dairy Milk and continued momentum of our Bubbly innovation platform. Australia was up mid-single digits, behind strength in chocolate as we lapped our significant revenue management actions from a year ago, and invest in marketing and innovation behind our now more profitable chocolate and biscuit businesses. China was essentially flat. Biscuits revenue was down, reflecting the overall category slowdown. This was offset somewhat by continued double-digit growth in gum, despite a decline in that category as well. We remain cautious about China for the remainder of the year, given the soft consumer environment and category trends. Europe continued to show sequential improvement, delivering modest growth in the quarter, as price gaps narrowed and we selectively invested behind high ROI initiatives. Notably, Europe posted positive volume/mix, with strength in both chocolate and biscuits, behind Power Brands such as Cadbury Dairy Milk and OREO. Last but not least, North America was up about 2.5%, including a couple of points of vol/mix growth. Biscuits grew low-single digits, largely through higher vol/mix and share growth of OREO, belVita and Triscuit. In addition, we launched GOOD THiNS, a new biscuit innovation platform that capitalizes on consumer demand for more wholesome savory snack options. GOOD THiNS are delicious baked crackers made with potatoes, chickpeas or rice with no artificial ingredients. We launched GOOD THiNS in March, and it's already reached a 1.4 share of the U.S. cracker market. Turning now to our categories, in the first quarter, overall category growth was about 4%. However, given the timing of Easter, retail consumption shifted somewhat from Q2 into Q1. Excluding the Easter shift impact, overall category growth was roughly 3%. Our organic growth was about a point below our categories, due primarily to our revenue management actions. Importantly, as I mentioned earlier, our Power Brands grew about 4%, in line with our categories and drove significant margin expansion. Net-net, building on our Q4 momentum, about 65% of our snacks revenue gained or held share in the first quarter. Let's look at our performance in each of our categories. Biscuits grew about 2.5%, with notable strength in the U.S. and the UK. Our share performance was also strong, with around 80% of our biscuits revenue gaining or holding share. Our biscuits Power Brands grew mid-single digits, led by OREO and belVita. In chocolate, our revenue reflected strong growth in the UK, India and Australia, as the markets adjusted to our pricing actions. This was partially offset by soft results in Brazil and Russia. Together, these two markets tempered our overall chocolate growth by more than a point and a half. Shares were solid, with about half of our chocolate revenue gaining or holding share. We're pleased to see our momentum improving as price gaps narrow and our targeted investments pay off. Our performance in the UK was especially strong and a sharp turnaround from our share losses through most of 2015. We increased share by nearly a point behind increased A&C support and innovation, such as Cadbury Dairy Milk Big Taste and Cadbury Dairy Milk Medley. In Germany, our share decline in the quarter was due solely to cycling the impact of the revenue management actions we implemented in the second quarter last year. As a result, this is the last quarter of impact related to those actions. Gum & candy revenue increased almost 3%, led by strong growth of gum in Mexico and China and Sour Patch Kids candy in the U.S. About 60% of our gum & candy revenue gained or held share, with gains in Mexico, China and France. While we remain disappointed by continued aggregate gum share declines here in the U.S, we're encouraged to see both Trident and Dentyne growing. In addition, we'll be implementing a Stride turnaround plan later this year. To summarize, we're pleased with our first quarter results. We delivered solid top-line growth and share performance with improving vol/mix, despite continued volatility in some of our largest emerging markets. Our solid top line, together with strong delivery of productivity and cost savings, which Brian will describe in a moment, provide a good foundation for delivering our full-year forecast. Before I conclude, however, I'd like to pause for a moment to share a few thoughts about Mark Clouse, our Chief Commercial Officer. As you saw in today's press release, Mark will be leaving our company in a few weeks to become CEO of Pinnacle Foods. Mark is a talented executive and a natural leader who has made significant contributions to every aspect of our business over the last two decades, most recently as our Chief Commercial Officer. Mark has proven that he's ready for this next step in his career. We thank him and wish him and his family all the best. While, of course, we will miss Mark, we have a deep leadership team and I'm confident that they will continue to execute flawlessly. We will take this opportunity to further simplify and streamline our organization and so we won't be backfilling the Chief Commercial Officer role. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Irene. Good morning, everyone. Building on Irene's comments, we delivered strong margin expansion and earnings growth, despite the continued challenging environment. Adjusted gross margin increased 170 basis points to 39.7%. Please note that this includes absorbing a 50 basis point headwind related to commodity and currency hedging contracts that don't qualify for hedge accounting treatment. Our gross margin expansion was driven by net productivity of more than 4% of COGS. That's up from about 3.5% last year and reflects continued progress as we implement integrated Lean Six Sigma and strong execution of our supply-chain reinvention program, including installing our state-of-the-art Lines of the Future around the world. In fact, we'll have four additional lines operational in our Salinas, Mexico facility by year end, complementing the seven lines already in place there. You may have also seen that we opened our latest greenfield plant in India on Monday. This plant will produce approximately 60,000 tons of Cadbury Dairy Milk chocolate annually to start. By 2020, this multi-category food campus is expected to reach annual capacity of 250,000 tons. Adjusted OI margin was 15.1%, up 240 basis points. Drivers of the improvement include the gross margin expansion, as well as overhead reductions, as we continue to drive ZBB cost savings. We did benefit from the timing of some overhead spending in the quarter that will negatively impact our second quarter, but we're fully on track to deliver our targeted cost savings related to indirect cost packages and the migration of back-office processes to global shared services. We also increased A&C support to more than 9% of revenue to support our Power Brands and drive profitable growth over the long term. Our cost reduction efforts drove margin improvement across all of our regions with the exception of Latin America, which was affected by the tough environment in Brazil. In both North America and Europe, the margin improvement was driven by strong net productivity and reduced overheads, offset by stepped up A&C investments to fuel growth. In North America, adjusted OI margin grew 260 basis points to 20.3%, and in Europe, margins were up 390 basis points to 19.7%. As you know, North America and Europe have expanded margins by more than 500 basis points and 600 basis points respectively, since the end of 2013. In EEMEA, margin was 11.5%, up 770 basis points versus what was an easy compare. As you may recall, in the first quarter of 2015, price increases were insufficient to cover the sharp increases in currency-driven input costs. In this quarter, strong net productivity, favorable vol/mix and overhead reductions were the key drivers of our margin expansion. In Asia Pacific, margin expanded 310 basis points to 16.1%. This was driven by continued productivity improvements as well as overhead reductions. In Latin America, given the challenging macro environment in Brazil, margin declined 260 basis points to 10.5%. This was largely due to unfavorable vol/mix and currency, which more than offset significant cost reductions. Now turning to EPS; adjusted EPS was $0.48, up 31% on a constant-currency basis. The increase was driven by $0.07 of operating gains, including a negative $0.02 impact from mark-to-market and a negative $0.01 from calendar adjustments. Below the operating line, EPS increased $0.05, as lower interest expense, the benefit from a lower share count, and lower taxes more than offset the dilution from the coffee deal. Our coffee investments in both JDE and Keurig had solid quarters and delivered in line with our expectations. In the quarter, we returned $1.5 billion of capital to our shareholders. Specifically we paid out about $270 million in dividends, and purchased $1.2 billion of stock or nearly 29 million shares at an average price of about $41. This amount includes the remaining $500 million of cash received as part of the JDE coffee deal that we committed to use for repurchasing stock. In addition, we opportunistically accelerated a portion of our 2016 buyback program into the first quarter. We continue to expect to buy back approximately $2 billion of stock for the year. Now turning to our outlook; given our strong start to the year, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our 2016 outlook and are reaffirming our outlook today. Specifically, we continue to expect to deliver organic revenue growth of at least 2%, adjusted OI margin of 15% to 16%, which is an expansion of at least 200 basis points this year, double-digit adjusted EPS growth, and at least $1.4 billion of free cash flow. In addition, based on recent spot rates, we expect less of an impact from currency translation. For revenue, we expect currency to be a 3 percentage point headwind, down from 6 points. And for EPS, we estimate a $0.05 headwind, down from $0.13. We've also updated a couple other items to help with your financial models. We currently estimate that our interest expense will be $625 million to $650 million, down about $25 million from our previous estimate. Due to some discrete items in the first quarter, we now estimate our full-year 2016 tax rate will be in the low 20%s, down from the low-to-mid 20%s in our prior outlook. While we're not providing quarterly guidance, I would like to call out a few items to keep in mind as you think about our second quarter. First, Q2 is typically our lowest margin quarter, given seasonally-lower revenues. Second, as we mentioned earlier, our first quarter benefited from the timing of some overhead spending, which will pressure our second quarter. Finally, as you may know, collective bargaining agreements covering eight U.S. facilities expired at the end of February. The affected employees have been working without a contract since that time, while we continue to bargain in good faith with the union. We've shared our last, best, and final offer with the union. We believe it's fair and the right solution for both our employees and our business. Until we reach an agreement, we expect to incur some one-time costs as we continue the negotiation, while executing business continuity plans for our North America business. Despite these short-term items, we're executing well and are confident in our business momentum and our ability to deliver on our full-year commitments. So to wrap up, we're pleased with our strong results in the first quarter. We delivered significant margin expansion, solid organic revenue growth and share performance with Power Brands up 4%, positive vol/mix growth in developed markets, and increased investments behind our Power Brands and innovation platforms. We also returned $1.5 billion to shareholders. While we remain cautious about the volatile operating environment, we're on track to deliver our 2016 outlook as well as our adjusted OI margin target of 17% to 18% in 2018. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi, Chris.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Thank you for the question. I just wanted to ask, and I think I heard a number of points that are worth mentioning, but in terms of the strong first-quarter performance, both EPS margin and even revenue growth, as we think about the full-year guidance, I think I heard some  a little bit of caution on Brazil, on Russia, on China, as well as some of the timing of overhead spending that can be moving margin around a bit. But I guess I wanted to understand the rationale for holding guidance where it is, and maybe just to answer my own question with those different points there, but are those the ones that are kind of keeping you from being more aggressive with the full-year outlook, in particular on the margin side?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Chris, I think  look, we're very happy with the start, and I think it really does give us confidence as we think about the year, but it is just one quarter in an environment where, I think, it makes sense to be prudent. You've got an operating and currency environment that's pretty volatile. Consumer demand is somewhat soft, especially in emerging markets. And then we've got a lot going on in the transformation agenda. So, while we're executing well and we're doing the things that we can control and they are on track. I'd just say that the first quarter gives us a nice foundation to feel confident about the year and we'll leave it at that.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And just a quick follow-up for you. In relation to the  vol/mix was a little stronger than I thought in the quarter, and you made some comments about elasticity in some markets. I just want to get a sense of maybe you can characterize the pricing environment, and price in particular to currency driven-cost inflation. And just the competitive response. So are there markets we should kind of watch out for where you're taking prices up, but competitors have not moved yet, for example?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No. Actually, Chris, I think a big part of the strong vol/mix performance that you're seeing is that we've now gotten a lot of that behind us. Our gaps are closing. We've continued to invest in our franchises, particularly our Power Brands and that's playing itself through in vol/mix, as well as in our share performance. I think the markets that we've called out like Russia, like Brazil, that remain quite challenging from an inflationary and currency standpoint, are the places where there probably will continue to need to be some pricing. But for the most part, most of that pricing is behind us and that gives us great confidence with the foundation that we've built.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you for the time.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, everybody.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Just two quick things from me. First off, Brian, in the guidance around full-year margins, you reaffirmed the 15% to 16% range, but I think on the fourth quarter call, you had specifically pointed to the low end of that range because you had deconsolidated Venezuela at the time. So that wasn't mentioned again this time. Is that just because of the better start around margins to the year, or am I just making more of it than I should?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, I said it's about a 200 basis point margin improvement is what we're expecting, and that's the current outlook. So that does put you at the lower end of that range. And it's 200 basis points. So we feel pretty good about that.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: Yeah, no change.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No change.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: No change. Okay. And then, Irene, you had mentioned that, excluding these strategic actions that you've taken on the top line that you're growing about in line with your categories globally. Does that mean that even though, I guess, Easter was a benefit to global category growth by about a point, that it was not much of a benefit to Mondelez because otherwise I guess...?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well I think, Andrew, the simple answer there's a difference between consumption and shipment. So if Easter was essentially only a week earlier, so most of our shipments last year were in the first quarter. It doesn't change that much, but obviously the consumers' purchasing pattern happens within a week or so of the holiday. So you're going to see the impact. Our consumption was closer to the overall category growth, but our shipments don't reflect that, one because of revenue management, but two because it didn't have that much of an impact on our shipments to our customers.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Got it. And then the sustainability of developed markets volume that you saw and the improvement in  clearly, in the first quarter, I guess, there was an easier comparison in Europe in the year ago. There was a competitive recall in parts of Europe as well. So I'm just trying to get a sense of your level of visibility and comfort that developed markets volume can kind of remain more sustainably in positive territory as we go forward.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, we feel very good about the underlying momentum in our developed markets. Strong vol/mix performance as well as  they were doing that while Europe is up 400 basis points and North America up almost 300 basis points. So I feel very good about the hard work that they did over the course of the last year to get the businesses to win and then the opportunity now to build on top of that base. So I think the underlying momentum that we're seeing is solid and will continue for the balance of the year.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Andrew, and that was improving in the second half of last year as well. So, I mean, it's not surprising.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. It is not a totally new phenomenon.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just wanted to follow-up, I guess, on Andrew's question, just in terms of building organic sales growth over the balance of the year because, I guess, the comparisons get a little bit more difficult balance of the year, and it sounds as if maybe Brazil, Russia, China, from a macro perspective, a little bit weaker than maybe what you were planning going into the year. And I'm not sure how we should think about Nabisco, if there is some contingency or some potential disruption we have to factor in, in terms of balance of the year organic growth. So, if you could just talk through, A, are net your sort of view in terms of the macro, the same, better, or worse than they were going into the year, and then just sort of where we should look for drivers to get to that organic sales growth over the balance of the year, given that the comps get a little bit more difficult? Thanks.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Bryan, again, the comps do get more difficult, but in part it was because we began, as Brian said, we began to make investments. We got a lot of the pricing behind us as we were in the back half of last year. And so the foundational things that we're doing in terms of reinvesting in high ROI marketing initiatives and continuing the expansion of some of our proven innovation platforms, all of that is in place. As you saw in the first quarter, our A&C is up over 9% of revenue. We're continuing to invest in our key franchises. And that will just continue as the year progress. So, yes, we have a headwind from some of these more volatile emerging markets, but as I said in my remarks, we feel pretty comfortable that we've accounted for those against the stronger momentum that we should see everywhere else.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And just, Nabisco, should we be  or North America, should we just be thinking or having to factor in some sort of probability or chance that there is some disruption? Just trying to figure out how to accommodate that or factor that in.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Bryan, I guess it's hard to predict where the negotiations go and the magnitude of an impact would really depend on the outcome of those negotiations. I think as I said, we'll incur some one-time costs, but that's about building business continuity capability and being ready. We're trying to strike a balance, I would say, between the inventory necessary and a business continuity plan, but also the incremental costs. So, we've taken into the account in our plans the possibility of disruption, but again, we'll plan accordingly and we'll deal with that as it happens, but it's hard to predict where that goes.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, good morning, folks.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you for the question. First, a couple housekeeping items for you, Brian. Thank you for all the detail on the guidance. The one area you didn't touch on was the equity income line. It came in a little bit stronger than we were expecting. How should we think about that line item in the P&L as we move forward? And then, also sticking below the line, interest expense too was a bit lower, your guidance suggests it's going to step up. I guess the question there is why? Was there something unique about interest expense, a benefit that's not going to continue on the forward?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, on the equity income line, as I said, the two larger investments there, JDE and Keurig both delivered in line with our expectations, maybe a little bit better in the quarter. I don't see anything that changes our expectation for the year. They're delivering on commitments and I don't think that changes at all. Interest expense, as I signaled in the comments, we're telling you it goes down by about $25 million for the year. It reflects the lower run rate we're seeing in some of refinancing activities we had in the first quarter and a little bit of currency. We're not necessarily dropping that through in terms of the outlook, but it does provide a little bit of an opportunity there.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. That's helpful. And can you enlighten us on what your expectations are for the equity income line? I don't think you kind of touched on it previously. And then, the second question goes back to the comments on trade budget optimization that I think you introduced on last call. I'm just curious if you can give us an update on sort of how those plans are progressing, if we are at a stage where there has been any deployment of different strategies or tactics, and what the learning has been so far?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I'll take the first part. On JDE and Keurig, I mean we provided a page in the web deck that gives you the pieces to estimate that for the year. Nothing's really changed with that. And again, these are private companies. We don't plan on providing a lot of visibility to the ongoing performance or the details of that.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: With respect to revenue management, Jason, we think the opportunity is sizable, particularly on the trade side. And particularly as we think about increasingly focusing on our Power Brands and on our high-return activities. The challenge, of course, is the pace of implementation because it does have an impact in the short term, typically on volume, on share, on customer relationships. And so our approach remains to strike the right balance among all of those variables, but I'm quite confident you will continue to see the benefits of that playing through our margin profile.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah, got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, there. Thank you. A question about category growth in biscuits. In prior quarters, you've shown a slide showing the global category growth rate and I don't think I see it here. But last quarter you said it was 7%. And if you're gaining share in 80% of your categories this quarter, the implication is that the category has slowed substantially. I wanted to know, could you give us a little color on that? Like is that just kind of inflationary pricing in 2015 that just isn't happening now in 2016, or is there something else happening for the category in biscuits that we should know about?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, good question, Rob. I would tell you that probably the single biggest impact on the overall category growth is the U.S. It's our biggest biscuit market and we did see that category slowing down. There's a lot of factors that contribute there. Some of our biggest customers are changing some of their merchandising policies, which is having an impact. I think we're still performing quite well within those constraints, but it is having somewhat of an impact on our overall performance. So, I think the facts are, our revenue in aggregate in North  our biscuit revenue in North America was up almost 3%, very strong vol/mix, but the category itself was a little weaker than we had seen, and our approach to that is just to continue to invest in our strong brands, to continue to introduce innovation like OREO Thins and GOOD THiNS, which are driving very strong results, and continuing to leverage the fact that we've got much more flexibility in our packaging capability as a result of the addition of assets like Salinas. So, I think we are clearly in charge of the category performance here in the U.S., and we have very strong plans in place to continue to drive that. So I would not read anything more than that into these results
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Appreciate the color. One quick follow-up. Can you give us more specifics on what this overhead shift into second quarter is? Why would it shift from first quarter into second quarter, Brian?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It's just simply the timing of some spending that we would have initially probably expected in the first quarter that's sliding into the second quarter. So, we saw a little bit of a benefit on our SG&A in Q1, and it'll be a little bit of a headwind in Q2. Total year doesn't change at all.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning. Thanks, everyone. I just had two questions. First, you've talked in recent quarters about the potential to begin to rebuild margins in some of your key emerging market regions, and I think the expectation was that this could be more of a 2017 and 2018 dynamic. We're still seeing headwinds in Eastern Europe, Latin America, a bit in Asia. During the quarter, margins were covered pretty sharply and read an all-time high at around 16%. So just curious, Brian, I guess what drove the margin performance there? Whether that was market mix or more sustainable recovery that we could see carry forward through the year?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, I think it starts with ultimately getting the pricing right, which is clearly what's driving EEMEA and Latin America in the short term. But I do think it's the fundamental work that we're doing on getting net productivity to flow through and gross margins improving, while these regions are also doing ZBB and implementing shared services and all the things that are helping us reduce overhead. So the fundamental cost structure of the regions has gotten better. If we can get pricing right in the markets, we'll see improvement there, and that's what we saw in both EEMEA and Asia Pacific in the quarter, and Latin America was really the pricing challenge and the currency dynamics in Brazil that hurt us. So good progress there, but it's the same fundamental game plan and initiatives that are driving margins everywhere.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. And, Irene, I wanted to come back to the GOOD THiNS launch and just get a better sense of how you are thinking about the rollout and the marketing resources there. I know it's still early so we probably haven't seen a huge amount in the marketplace yet, but should we expect to see a stepped up kind of big bet on A&C, or is this the case where you're going to be working more with social media and building out gradually?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, we've accounted for it in the context of our overall A&C. We're getting very good returns on our investments behind our Power Brands in the U.S., and we're going to continue to make those investments, so it is accounted for in our aggregate budget. We're very pleased with the early response both from our customers and from our consumers. As I mentioned, it's a 1.4 share after just a couple of weeks in the market. And so we will support it, but it is accounted for in the overall A&C targets that we've given to you.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, David.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: You mentioned that you remain cautious about the volatile economic environment. I was wondering if you could give more color about the trends you are seeing in markets like Russia and Brazil. And, of course, you have the benefit of seeing dollars and volume by week and month. And are you seeing that  the decline rates stabilize, or is that volatility or the deterioration in recent months just making it too difficult to make a call about the bottom in markets like these? Thanks.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You know, David, it's a little hard to tell you are we at the bottom. What we're seeing is certainly worse than what we were seeing last year. And our team is managing through it. There's a little bit of a different situation in Russia versus Brazil, but they're both inflationary markets that are causing us to have to price. And it's having some impact on our categories and on consumer demand. So, we do remain cautious about the operating environment in both of those markets. We don't see any near term catalyst, too much of a change. But we're also not expecting it to get dramatically worse. So again, as I said in my remarks, we believe we've accounted for it in the outlook that we're giving to you, but it is one of the reasons that we are being cautious as we think about our outlook for the future.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And then, just a quick follow-up on Europe. Can you give some color about the improving trends there? Is this really all about the competitive price gaps? And with the comparisons easing in Germany, does it feel like you're turning the corner after this first quarter? Thanks.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The simple answer is yes. We've taken a number of steps in Europe to get ourselves fit to win and I'm very pleased with the progress that the team has made. Without a doubt we took a very significant revenue management action in Germany last year. We will lap that as we exit the second quarter. And the rest of our business, I'm actually quite pleased to see strong performance on our chocolate business in Germany, ex that customer. We've gotten a terrific response to the incremental investments we have made in our UK chocolate business, where our shares are up almost a point in that geography. Our Power Brands are performing well. So I think we needed to reset our base and address the cost impact on our P&L. We have done that and you're seeing their impact in our gross margins, our operating margins, as well as a return to growth in the region.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Joshua A. Levine - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. It's Josh Levine on for Ken. Irene, you mentioned strong productivity that drove the gross margin improvements in the quarter. Can you help us think about the drivers, I guess, to the gross margin in more detail? Specifically maybe how much came from new plants, inflation, SKU rationalization that may have gone up (41:56) over and above I guess your typical productivity plans? I guess just any help you can offer about how sustainable those gains were would be great. Thanks.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Simple answer, Josh, is they're quite sustainable. The bulk of that net productivity is just coming from some of the fundamental work we've done with our teams on Lean Six Sigma and the improvements that we're seeing as a result of that. And that is a gift that keeps giving. We certainly are beginning to see some of the benefits of the 40 plus Lines of the Future that are operating around the world, and that is part of the algorithm that allows us to have great confidence, not only about our margin targets for this year, but the 2017 to 2018 target that we've given to you, as well. So it is a combination, but the bulk of it is driven by fundamental execution of our productivity programs around the world, and we're very pleased with that performance.
Joshua A. Levine - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. And I guess just one quick follow-up. There had been some recent news about you being in negotiations to sell a bunch of brands and some plants in Europe. I guess both can you just comment on some of the strategies there, some of the reasons for it, and then, to what extent maybe we could see more of that in the future. Thanks.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, look, we continue to focus on Power Brands as a priority, and clearly, there are some opportunities as you look at parts of our portfolio. We have an announced transaction that was in the press involving parts of our French business we sold to Eurazeo, which for us these are a very rational set of actions that are consistent with our agenda here. So we focus on Power Brands and our portfolio. We simplify our supply chain and allows to us invest behind the brands that have the highest returns. So that transaction is something that will likely close in 2017, as you get through regulatory approvals and works councils and all the things that go with that. But I would say that's just part of what we're doing as we think about focusing on Power Brands and there could be more opportunities like that, but nothing to talk about today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Can I ask about the advertising spending? You talked about it being above  the A&C spending being above 9%. How much was that up year-on-year, and what's the outlook for subsequent quarters in the year? Is it going to be up more or perhaps less going forward? And maybe just to touch on innovation. Where are the big sort of white space opportunities that you're really getting your teeth into this year? What are the main applications of the innovation pipeline in terms of new products at the moment? Thank you and I'll pass it on.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, first of all, with respect to A&C, our A&C is up about low-single digit, mid-to-low single digits, and again, as part of our overall plan to continue to improve our share of voice, you will see that going up for the full year. So there's nothing anomalous about the first quarter and we are very pleased that given the strong performance that we are seeing on our margin improvement, we have the opportunity not only to drop that money to the bottom line, but also to reinvest in areas that get a good return for us. With respect to innovation, we continue to have a very strong portfolio of platforms, and you will continue to see us take those ideas around the world. And so, for example, OREO Thins started in China. We have expanded it to the U.S., Canada, and now into Australia. It's going to be about a $200 million business for us this year. belVita Crunchy, we started in many markets with a soft version, we now we have a hard version, we call it belVita Crunchy, that's going to be about $500 million for us this year as we expand it to a variety of different markets. We have a number of innovations on our Cadbury Dairy Milk and Milka franchises that we're taking around the world. So net-net, we've been seeing a double-digit contribution to our revenue growth from these innovations and you'll see that continue and a portion of our investment, as I talk about spending in the 9% to 10% range on A&C, a portion of that is in support of those franchises
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Dave Driscoll with Citigroup.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you for squeezing me in here. I appreciate it. So I had two questions. The first one was just on the constant-currency outlook of 2% or better. Can you talk a little bit about the components of price and volume? I would assume that because foreign exchange pressures are lower, you don't need to take as much pricing as you were previously contemplating. So would it mean that the price piece has come down and then commensurately you would expect volumes to go up because of elasticities, positive elasticities?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The simple answer is yes, David. So as we said to you, our long-term algorithm is a much better balance between pricing and vol/mix. We were very skewed in these last two years or so because of the very significant impact of currencies, as well as some of our inputs like cocoa. As we move forward, we should see a much different relationship and I think you're starting to see the impact of that play through in our first quarter as you can see pricing is a lesser impact and we're starting to see, even though vol/mix in aggregate is still negative, it's an improved trend and certainly I'm very pleased to see three of our five regions with positive vol/mix.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Maybe, Irene, just to say this, but since the 2% number doesn't change, then it's almost got to be like offsetting effects that go on. Pricing come down, volume goes up. And I just wanted to be clear that that is, in fact, how to think about this thing. And I know you guys put the plus sign by the 2%, so we never really know exactly what the figure is. But the right answer here is that you would see whenever pricing doesn't come down or however much it is lower than the previous estimate, the volume elasticity will make up for it.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hey, David, it's Dexter. Just kind of a quick clarification. At CAGNY, you may recall, in developed markets this year we said it was going to be positive vol/mix for the year and emerging markets, excluding Brazil and Russia, would be positive for the year, including Brazil and Russia, emerging markets volume would be negative. We really didn't give a total company view, but yes you are right, the pricing benefit obviously should be much more muted than it was last year given the currency dynamics and the commodities dynamics and trends in vol/mix will definitely improve versus last year as well. And you started to see that play through in the first quarter.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then, Brian, just one question for you. But it's  it might be a fascinating question here. Do you have an assessment on what the impact is to Mondelez from the new treasury rules that were issued on April 4? It seems like there is three areas that there could be some impact, whether it is tax rate, share repurchase or cash repatriation. Do you have any assessment for us on any impacts from those new treasury rules?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: David, what I would say is, we continue to work through that. I would tell you that as we work through it from a tax rate standpoint for modeling purposes, we don't anticipate any impact. There are some other things, as you mentioned, that we'll continue to work through and gain a better understanding of how they may impact us, but nothing to share at this point.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: I will now turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hi, it's Dexter. Thanks for joining the call this morning. I'd be happy to take any further calls or comments as today is  the rest of the week and of course over the course of the day. And I'll be around to take any calls. Thank you again.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Mondelez International's fourth quarter 2015 year-end earnings conference call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question and answer session. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dexter Congbalay, Vice President, Investor Relations, for Mondelez International. Please go ahead, sir.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO, and Brian Gladden, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release and today's slides, which are available on our website, MondelezInternational.com. As you know, during this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the Cautionary Statements and Risk Factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. You can find the GAAP-to-non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. With that, I'll now turn over the call to Irene.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Dexter, and good morning. Over the past few years, we've laid out our vision to be the best snacking company in the world. Our advantaged platform provides with us the potential to be among the fastest-growing consumer companies, with substantial margin upside and strong EPS growth, while also returning significant cash to our shareholders. Since we began this journey three years ago in the face of a very challenging environment, we've taken several significant actions to further strengthen our advantaged platform and create sustainable value for shareholders. Our strong results in 2015 reflect our continued progress, with the year playing out essentially as we planned, with very strong margin expansion in our developed markets and more growth coming from our emerging markets. In aggregate, we delivered top-tier margin expansion and earnings growth while generating solid organic revenue growth and improved share performance. Specifically, organic net revenue grew 3.7%, driven by our pricing actions to recover higher commodity- and currency-driven input costs. As Brian will cover in detail shortly, we're deconsolidating our Venezuela operations, and this will have a material impact on our recent organic net revenue growth, as it does to our global category growth. Adjusted gross margin increased 230 basis points to 38.9%, fueled by world-class net productivity. We expanded adjusted operating income margin by 170 basis points to 13.7% while continuing to build our advantaged platform through increased advertising and consumer support. And, finally, adjusted EPS increased 19% on a constant-currency basis, driven by strong operating gains. These results reflect the solid execution of our transformation agenda. First, we further focused our portfolio in our advantaged snacks categories. We combined our coffee business with D.E Master Blenders to create Jacobs Douwe Egberts, the largest pure-play coffee business in the world. And the proposed current transaction should further enhance our position in the global coffee category. We also strengthened our snacks portfolio by acquiring and integrating Kinh Do's biscuit business in Vietnam and Enjoy Life Foods, a leader in the fast-growing free-from snacks in the U.S. Second, we continue to aggressively reduce costs. We're now beginning to see the benefits of our supply chain reinvention as we upgrade our manufacturing network and install more efficient and more flexible Lines of the Future. For the year, we delivered net productivity of more than 3.5% of cost of goods sold, or nearly $700 million. That's world-class and another record year. We also reduced overheads by leveraging zero-based budgeting and other tools, and we're beginning to institutionalize our approach to cost management. These savings enabled us to expand margins and provide the necessary fuel to accelerate growth. During the year, we stepped up A&C investment behind our Power Brands and innovation platforms. This enabled us to continue to strengthen brand equities and backstop some of our pricing actions. On the top line, as we made these investments, we've seen improvement in our volume trends, revenue growth, and market share performance as the year progressed. We actively monitored the payback of these investments, and we'll continue to proactively adjust our spending based on actual returns. On the bottom line, by pricing to recover input cost inflation, we've protected profitability, allowing our net productivity gains to flow through to gross margin. In short, like many smart companies, we're selectively investing through the downturn in emerging markets, with continued investments in A&C and route to market so we can benefit disproportionately as these markets recover. Finally, we continue to strengthen our financial profile. We generated strong free cash flow, lowered our cost of debt, and returned $4.6 billion to our shareholders. So, as you can see, we made good progress on many fronts this year. I'm indebted to our colleagues around the world for their unwavering dedication, hard work and commitment to delivering these results, especially in the face of such massive change. With that as background, let's take a closer look at our 2015 top line results. For the full year, organic net revenue growth was 3.7%. This included a 90 basis point headwind related to our strategic actions to improve revenue mix. As expected, higher prices were the key driver, contributing about 7 percentage points of growth. While we fully expected significant pricing this year, the impact of the strengthening dollar on inflation in emerging markets, especially in the second half, forced us to price even more. While this helped protect margins, it also tempered our vol/mix improvement. As Brian will discuss in a moment, our organic revenue growth  as I said, it adjusted for the deconsolidation of Venezuela  was 1.4%. We're especially pleased that our Power Brands grew more than 5%, well above the rate of the overall company, as a result of targeted A&C support. As expected, developed markets, which comprised about 60% of our revenue, declined less than a percent, as we focused our efforts on cost reduction in this slower-growth environment. Emerging markets grew double digits, as we took a more balanced approach by reducing costs and stepping up investment in our brands and capabilities. This allowed us to protect our leading share positions in the near term while remaining ready to capitalize on their long-term potential. Turning now to our results by region. While pricing was the main driver of our revenue growth, most of the pricing occurred in Latin America and EEMEA. Full the full year, Latin America was up nearly 20%, driven by pricing in response to currency-driven inflation, especially in Venezuela. Excluding Venezuela, Latin America was up almost 7%. Brazil was up mid-single digits, as we priced to recover input cost inflation driven by the weakening real. Oreo continued its strong momentum behind increased A&C investment. However, growth in the second half slowed to low single digits as the macro-environment there deteriorated. Looking ahead, we do not expect conditions to improve in Brazil in the near term, and our forecast reflects this. EEMEA was up 6%, driven primarily by pricing in Russia and Ukraine in response to the sharp devaluation of each country's currency. Russia grew high teens for the year, driven by strong growth across all categories, including our largest one, chocolate. Alpen Gold led the way in chocolate, while biscuit growth was fueled by the successful launch of Oreo. However, as in Brazil, volumes fell in the second half as categories slowed in response to weakening economic conditions and price elasticity. Asia Pacific was up about 2%, with solid growth in China, partially offset by weakness in some other markets. For the full year, China was up high single digits, driven by strong vol/mix in both biscuits and gum. belVita breakfast biscuits got off to a strong start, Oreo Thins continue to perform well behind distribution gains, while Stride gum was up high teens. However, growth slowed in the fourth quarter, reflecting the overall economy. As a result, we remain cautious in our China forecast for 2016. India increased modestly, but we're pleased that chocolate grew solidly in the second half in response to stepped-up A&C investments. Cadbury Dairy Milk was up high single digits, and Bubbly is off to a strong start. In addition, Asia's growth was tempered by about a point from SKU reductions, as it was one of the regions most affected by the loss of some short-term Kraft licenses in late 2014. Europe was down about 2%, including a drag of more than a point from strategic actions to improve revenue mix. Vol/mix, while still negative, improved throughout the year, fueled by the benefits of increased A&C and narrowed price gaps. For example, Milka biscuits grew mid-single digits across the region, and U.K. biscuits grew mid-teens, fueled in part by our latest innovation, Ritz Crisp & Thin. North America was up about 1%, with biscuits growth accelerating in the second half behind increased A&C and innovation, including Oreo Thins and belVita Bites. Importantly, vol/mix drove this acceleration. Turning now to our categories. For the full year, our snacks categories were up about 5.5% and about the same if you include powdered beverages and cream cheese. As with our revenue, pricing was the key driver, as volumes remained challenged. Our organic growth was about a point and a half below our categories. That was largely related to the 90 basis point impact of our strategic actions to improve revenue mix, as well as the price elasticity we experienced earlier in the year. Overall, more than 55% of our snacks revenue gained or held share, with solid performance across each category. Let's take a closer look. The biscuits category was up about 7%, and our revenue was up about 6.5%, with strong performances in China, Brazil and Russia. About 60% of our revenue gained or held share, including increases in both cookies and crackers in the U.S., as well as solid share gains in Brazil. The chocolate category increased about 5.5%, while our revenue grew only about 1%. This reflected the fact that we were the first to price in most of our markets. But as I said earlier, this was essential to protecting the health of our franchises. As expected, our performance improved in the second half, as price gaps narrowed and as we increased A&C support in key markets. As a result, market share steadily improved, with half of our chocolate revenue gaining or holding share for the full year. That's up from about 25% in the first half. Lastly, the gum and candy category increased nearly 2%. Our revenue grew 4%, with both gum and candy up low to mid-single digits. Halls grew mid-single digits, driven by strong support behind the new Halls Air campaign that's now been rolled out across Europe, North America, and select markets in AP and EEMEA. Finally, consistent with our plans, we increased A&C support behind high-return marketing initiatives to accelerate revenue growth and drive share. As you can see on slide 8, our organic growth accelerated sequentially as the year progressed, while our share performance was strongest in the fourth quarter. Importantly, we delivered this improvement while significantly expanding adjusted operating income margin, a true virtuous cycle. In sum, we're pleased with our overall financial performance in 2015, as well as with the excellent progress we made in the transformation. As a result, we believe we're well-positioned to deliver strong results again in 2016. Let me now turn it over to Brian, who'll provide details on our 2015 margin performance and earnings growth, as well as on our 2016 outlook.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Irene, and good morning. Starting with slide 9, you can see that for the year, adjusted gross margin expanded 230 basis points to about 39%. As Irene mentioned earlier, strong net productivity was the key driver for this improvement. We're now beginning to see the early benefits from our upgraded supply chain network, including the installation of our highly efficient Lines of the Future. For the year, mark-to-market of commodity and currency hedging contracts was a 40 basis point benefit. We also delivered another year of strong adjusted OI margin expansion, up 170 basis points to 13.7%, while increasing our growth investments significantly. We continued to drive down overhead costs as a percentage of revenue, leveraging ZBB to identify areas of opportunity and capture the savings. These approaches are now the way we work and will continue to deliver benefits for us as we move forward. For the year, A&C spending was nearly 9% of revenue, up about 60 basis points. Most of the step-up was in the second half, including a significant increase in the fourth quarter. As Irene discussed earlier, these investments helped us accelerate organic revenue growth and improved our share performance as the year progressed. We're continuing to prioritize our spending to generate the best overall returns. Now let's look at margin by region. As you can see on slide 9, developed markets drove most of the margin expansion, with North America up 230 basis points and Europe up 190. In both regions, strong net productivity drove significant gross margin expansion, and overheads were down as well. In Latin America, OI margin decreased 70 basis points, largely as a result of cycling the benefit from value-added tax-related settlements in the prior year, while the weakening macro-environment also pressured vol/mix. But in EEMEA and AP, OI margin increased 100 and 150 basis points, respectively. In both regions, gross margin expansion and lower overheads more than offset increased A&C. Turning to EPS, adjusted EPS was $1.75 for the year, up 19% on a constant-currency basis. Strong operating gains of $0.22 drove the increase, and the year-over-year change in mark-to-market added $0.06. Below the operating income line, lower interest expense and the benefit from a lower share count more than offset the headwind from higher taxes and dilution from the coffee transaction that closed in July. Including an unfavorable currency translation impact of $0.33, adjusted EPS was flat. As you can see on slide 13, over the past three years we've returned more than $11 billion of capital to our shareholders, including nearly $3 billion in dividends and more than $8 billion in share repurchases. For 2015, we accelerated this activity by returning $4.6 billion. This included $1 billion in dividends, as well as buying back $3.6 billion of stock, or roughly 92 million shares at an average price of $39.43 per share. As we exited the year, we had about $5.5 billion remaining under the current buyback authorization that goes through 2018. Before turning to our 2016 outlook, let me update you on the change we're making in our accounting treatment for Venezuela. As you saw in our press release today, effective at the end of the fourth quarter, we deconsolidated our Venezuela operations and we began to account for our investments in Venezuela using the cost method of accounting in our GAAP financial statements. As a result, we took a one-time accounting charge of $778 million to our fourth quarter 2015 reported results to remove all assets and liabilities of our Venezuelan operations from our balance sheet. On slide 14, we've summarized the impact of deconsolidating Venezuela on our 2015 results. Excluding Venezuela, organic revenue was up 1.4% versus 3.7% including Venezuela. You should also note that removing Venezuela reduces 2015 total category growth to approximately 4%. Our adjusted OI margin excluding Venezuela was 50 basis points lower, as our margins there were higher than our total company average. But the impact on our margin improvement was relatively minor. Excluding Venezuela, we expanded margin 150 basis points versus the 170 basis point increase including Venezuela. Finally, excluding Venezuela reduced our adjusted EPS by $0.10. As we move to our 2016 outlook, please note all of our guidance reflects a 2015 baseline that excludes Venezuela. With that, let's move to our outlook. You'll see that our approach to 2016 is consistent with our 2015 playbook. We continue to target underlying organic revenue growth in line with our categories. This means prudently increasing investments behind our Power Brands and innovation platforms to accelerate revenue growth and gain share while remaining nimble in how and when we deploy A&C resources across key markets to deliver attractive returns. It also means maintaining our commitment to invest in sales and route-to-market capabilities, so that we're well positioned to capitalize on the long-term growth potential in emerging markets. We also believe we have further opportunities to improve revenue mix by optimizing trade spending and eliminating less profitable SKUs. While we expect this will be a headwind to our reported organic growth, it strengthens the underlying health of our business and is a contributor to our margin improvement. The challenge will be in striking the right balance between competitive position and customer response so that we aren't simply losing revenue and that the impact is net positive on the P&L and the cash flow. Our supply chain reinvention initiatives remain on track, and we'll increasingly benefit from the upgraded infrastructure and capabilities that we're putting in place around the world. We'll continue to reduce overheads by leveraging zero-based budgeting. Incrementally in 2016, we'll begin to realize savings from implementing global shared services, as we eliminate redundant resources and complete process migration work. Finally, we'll continue to look to price to recover currency driven input cost inflation, so that the benefits of our cost reduction initiatives can flow to the bottom line. In sum, we remain focused on reducing costs, expanding margins, and building our advantaged platform to drive top line growth. Our overall approach to our 2016 outlook aligns well with the long-term advantages of our snacking categories. But it's no secret that 2016 is expected to be another challenging year. On slide 16, you can see various issues that are affecting all categories, not just ours. Considering this macroeconomic outlook and the weakening trends we saw during Q4 in several of these markets, we're estimating that global snack category growth market will slow to 3% to 4% this year. That's down from the price-driven growth of about 4% in 2015, excluding Venezuela. While headwinds may affect the near term, we continue to believe in the long-term growth prospects for snacking. Given this backdrop of challenging category dynamics, we expect our 2016 organic revenue growth to be at least 2%. We view this as a prudent top line outlook, given the volatility and recent trends that we're seeing. This includes a 125 basis point headwind from our actions to improve revenue mix by selectively optimizing trade spending and continuing to eliminate less profitable SKUs. As a result of these initiatives, we expect our underlying organic revenue growth to be in line with our forecast of 3% to 4% global category growth. Now let's look at our margin outlook. For 2016, we expect to deliver on our previously committed adjusted OI margin of 15% to 16%. As we said earlier, the deconsolidation of our higher margin business in Venezuela creates an approximately 50 basis point headwind, so we're now likely to be at the lower end of that range. However, our year-over-year margin expansion is expected to be in the range of 200 basis points versus 2015. Said another way, we would have expected to be at the high end of the committed range of 15% to 16% had we not deconsolidated Venezuela. Overall, we expect the drivers of our margin expansion to be similar to last year. Specifically, we expect strong contribution from our supply chain as we continue to drive world-class net productivity levels. We now have approximately 35 state-of-the-art Lines of the Future currently on stream, and we're clearly seeing benefits hitting the P&L as we ramp up production levels. We also expect to continue to reduce overheads as we execute our ZBB program, as we adjust our organization model, and we realize the first savings from migrating back-office processes to global shared services. In 2015, as we began to transition key processes, in many cases we maintained duplicate resourcing until we were confident that the migration was successful. As we ramp up shared services and eliminate these redundant transition costs, we expect savings to build, not only during 2016, but through 2018. We also expect to expand margins by improving our revenue mix. As we execute on this plan, we expect our margins to build as the year progresses. Given the progress we've made, and the clarity of our plans and actions beyond 2016, we're confident in our ability to deliver an adjusted OI margin of 17% to 18% in 2018. On a pro forma basis, excluding Venezuela across all years, the midpoint of this 2018 target equates to an over 400 basis point increase versus 2015, and an almost 700 basis point improvement versus our 2013 baseline. We expect to deliver this margin target by continuing to focus on three things. First, productivity gains from our supply chain. These are funded and in our plan, and we're now expanding and replicating a model that's working. Second, more overhead reductions from lower indirect costs, savings from our global share services, and organizational efficiency. And, third, improved revenue mix. These improvements will be partially offset by increased A&C support as we further align our share of voice with our share of market. Turning to our 2016 EPS outlook, by delivering our organic revenue and margin targets, we expect adjusted EPS to increase at a double-digit rate on a constant-currency basis. We expect this increase to be driven primarily by operating gains. Below the line, while we expect a lower share count to provide a modest benefit, this will likely be offset by the impact of the coffee divestiture, as we had two quarters of fully owned coffee business in full year 2015. So before we take your questions, I'd like to go over a few other items for financial modeling purposes. First, based on current foreign exchange rates, we estimate a currency headwind of approximately 6 percentage points for revenue and approximately $0.13 for EPS. We expect adjusted interest expense to be between $650 million and $675 million, or about the same as 2015. We anticipate our adjusted tax rate will be in the low to mid 20s for 2016, roughly similar to our 2015 rate. And we expect to repurchase about $2 billion of our shares as we deliver on our commitment to spend the remaining coffee transaction proceeds on share buybacks this year. In addition, with respect to JDE, at the back of the presentation is an updated framework to help you estimate its earnings. As you know, JDE is a private company, so we won't share significant detail on their results or projections. JDE management expects performance to be pressured this year, as a result of their strategic actions to better position the company for long-term success. As an investor in JDE, we remain very confident in the long-term potential of the business and believe it will create significant value for its shareholders. In addition, with our participation in the proposed Keurig transaction, we'll be well positioned in the on-demand segment in North America, while further enhancing our global footprint. We'll update you on its impact to our financials after the closing. So to wrap up, we delivered very strong results in 2015. In 2016, we expect macro conditions, especially in emerging markets, to remain difficult and potentially worsen, which will weigh on category and revenue growth. As you might expect, and I think you're hearing from others, we're seeing even more volatility in markets like Brazil, China, and Russia, even as we start our first quarter. As a result, we'll continue focusing on driving strong margin expansion and earnings growth; we'll improve our top line growth, revenue mix, and share performance; and we'll return significant capital to shareholders. We'll talk more about our strong cash flow generation at the upcoming CAGNY conference. We remain very confident in our ability to execute our transformation agenda and deliver an adjusted OI margin target of 17% to 18% in 2018. With our advantaged assets, leadership, and capabilities, we believe we're one of the few industry players with the potential to deliver strong top and bottom line growth over the long term. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Two questions for me, if I could. First, if we exclude Venezuela and strategic actions from both 2015 and 2016, looks like you expect organic net revenue growth to accelerate from, call it 2.2% to a little over 3%, even though, I guess, certain key markets have become a little more difficult heading into 2016, and you have said that you're expecting category growth rates to slow. So I guess I'm trying to get a sense of what the key reasons are to expect this organic growth acceleration? Is it the A&C spend? Is it the share progress? Or what's driving that thought process? And then I've got a follow-up.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Andrew, I understand the question. There's a lot going on here. But I think it reflects the underlying strength of our business fundamentals. There's no question that our revenue will improve from probably more like about a 2%, 3% underlying to, as you say, about  a little over 3% this year. That's fueled by strong A&C support, by continued progress in terms of vol/mix, while still improving our margins significantly from about 150 points in 2015 to 200 in 2016, en route to about, as we said, 17% to 18% in 2018, which reflects about a 700 basis point improvement over the five-year period. All of that while still generating double-digit EPS growth and strong cash flow. So we think our underlying business fundamentals are quite solid. There's obviously a lot of moving pieces in this challenging environment. But we're doing what we said we're going to do. We think our underlying business is sound, and we think we're well-positioned to continue to deliver strong growth in a challenging environment.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And, Andrew, it builds on the success. And you can see the trend as we play through the year of -
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President:  improving vol/mix, revenue picking up, and clearly share performance improving exiting the year.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it; thanks for that. And then, second, with respect to the 2018 margin target, is this just capturing previously announced plans that you've talked about beyond 2016, or are there incremental actions, I guess, beyond the $1.5 billion target that you've talked about? And, I guess, importantly, what sort of volume picture or outlook is that margin target predicated on?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, it really is just better line of sight to the actions that we're working now to deliver on this target. Good momentum and cost reduction programs as we execute on those plans, supply chain. As you know, those actions continue even beyond 2016 and 2017, and that will continue to generate benefits. So it's really not anything new or incremental. It's the same playbook. And as we've gotten farther into it, we have much more confidence. So  and in terms of the overall environment, we're not counting on a return of emerging markets to historical growth rates here. I think we're building on what we see today in the world, and that's the basis for this target.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it; thank you. See you in a couple weeks.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Chris.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Chris.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Just had two questions as well if I could. The first would be maybe for Brian. As we look at 2016, and we're starting to see some of this in the fourth quarter, this benefit to the gross margin coming through from Lines of the Future and supply chain benefits. Should the gross margin be kind of the main driver of the operating margin expansion for the year? I guess I'm trying to get a sense of how that may play into it, and how input cost inflation will fare in 2016 as well.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, look, I think it'll continue to be both. As we've said, supply chain ramped throughout the year, and we saw the Lines of the Future really generating more benefits in the second half. We said that all year, and that's really how it played out. That will continue and, as you know, I mean, we've now got success in implementing these Lines of the Future in each of the categories, and it's really about taking that model and implementing it in a broader set of assets around the world. So it's something we're very confident in. On indirect costs and shared services, obviously ZBB and attacking some of the key cost packages was probably the lowest hanging fruit and some of the earliest benefits. But things like shared services and some of the organizational efficiency work is really a 2016 driver. So, I guess it's going to continue to be both. As you saw the results in 2015, clearly, it was a strong gross margin driven year. But we also made significant investments in A&C. And that's another dynamic that's going to play out, and that affected SG&A. So it's a little bit of both. And commodity inflation  look, I think clearly there's some pockets of improved commodity dynamics playing out over the last couple months. But you have to keep in mind that currencies are also a big part of that, and in most cases they're going the other way, especially in some of the key markets for us. So, right now it's not a big driver for us, given that we have to look at both of those together.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And just really kind of related to that, a follow-on to that, if you look at the revenue growth, kind of using the 2% or at least 2% rate of growth, is that  that's primarily pricing driven? And I know there's a comment about it being pricing driven in the emerging markets. And do you expect volume growth for 2016?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It'll get better, Chris, but, no, it's still going to be challenged because of the strong impact of pricing.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: But certainly the overall  we don't anticipate the overall impact of pricing to be as extreme as it was this past year.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you for the time.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. I'll stick with the two-question pattern if I can. First, when you initially provided guidance years ago for an EBIT margin in 2016 of 15% to 16%, you provided a road map, if you would, as part of a presentation, to get there. I think something similar to what you have on maybe slide 12 today. Is this something you might be willing to do again at some point regarding 2018's margin? I'm just trying to get a better idea of specifically which line items grow when, sense of timing, and so forth.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Ken, we'll talk a bit more about it at CAGNY. I would say it's going to look a lot like the road map you have. And I think the things that we're executing today have resulted in the progress we've made thus far, and they're the same things that are going drive us through 2018. It's, as I said earlier, it's not really a new set of initiatives that are going to get us there. We have increasing confidence, and we're going to execute the things that are in front of us. So we'll show you more of that at CAGNY, but I'm not sure it'll be exciting and new, other than maybe some of the revenue mix activity that we're focused on that we both talked about today.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Well, you'd be surprised by what we find exciting at CAGNY.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: We'll do our best.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then one quick one from me on Europe. If I recall, one of the reasons why 3Q was a little bit weak was because of hot weather, which I think hurt you and some of your peers as well. Maybe it was just my model, but was Europe a little bit more sluggish versus what you expected this quarter? We had thought that maybe volumes would repeat a little bit just given that the weather had normalized a little?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, we actually are pleased with the progression that we've seen in Europe, Ken. We did invest  as we got out of the hot weather  we did invest particularly behind chocolate as the year ended. And as a result of that, our revenue is still down, but the underlying growth was modestly higher. If you recall, Europe is the region that experienced the greatest impact of our strategic actions. It hit us for about 135 bips, and so -
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: In the quarter.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  in Q4. So, the aggregate revenue in the fourth quarter for Europe was down about 1.1%; it was almost entirely fueled by these strategic actions. We're very pleased to see our share trends improving, particularly in chocolate, which was the hardest hit because of pricing actions, especially in the U.K. and Germany, as well as we saw improvement in biscuits in France. At the same time, we were driving significant margin expansion, up over 200 bps for the year. So, we're very pleased with the exiting position of Europe. I think they are well positioned from a margin and a profitability perspective now to grow off of that base.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Brian.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I've got two questions, both related to organic sales growth. And the first one is just in terms of the guidance for 2016, just want to clarify, the 2% growth includes 125 basis point drag from the vol/mix impact from trade optimization and the SKU reduction. I guess, would the trade optimization  why isn't there a positive? I guess I kind of read that as being that there'd be less trade spending, and so there should be revenue lift from that. So, can you just clarify why it would be like a net negative when there should be, I would have sensed, maybe some net price realization in there? Is it because the SKU reduction is so much bigger, or am I just misunderstanding?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, you're right. It's partly because there's a volume impact as we take these actions. In the case of the pruning, it's about shelf space. In the case of trade optimization, it's about competitive position and customer reaction. And that's why we are so methodical in how we approach this opportunity. So you will ultimately see a net positive as these things play through. You certainly will start to see the benefits in our overall revenue mix, in our profitability, and it's a real enabler to the simplification in our supply chain activity. So you will see the benefits play through, but there is a short-term impact as we take some of these actions.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So it sort of rebases the volume this year, and then there should be a lift off of that in 2017? Is that kind of the way to think about that?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, except that we're taking some additional actions, so essentially it pulls the 90 bips out, and then we're taking out another approximately 125 basis points. The net of that, though, is that we have a healthier franchise, and we think we're well positioned to grow off of that base.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just  more the  between now and 2018, as you think about  as we think about the increased A&C spend that you're planning, how much of it now is going to seeding sort of white space opportunities, or how much of it is just spending more behind your existing products to support the price increases or to stay in front of consumers in a weak environment? Just trying to understand, at what point do we start to see some lift from taking advantage of the white space opportunities? Is that pushed out a little bit because of the environment?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's disproportionately the impact on the base franchise. And, in fact, that's one of the reasons that you saw the sequential improvement as we exited 2015, and we will expect to see continued improvement in 2016. As we've said before, we use investments in white space, we make investments in white spaces somewhat sparingly. We need to establish the franchise, we need to establish a supply chain, often get our manufacturing up and running. And we do have a road map that will get all of our categories to all of our markets over time. But as you think about the investment that we made, for example, in gum in China, that's been a sizable investment. It's paying off quite nicely, but we only do a few of those every year or so. They take a little bit longer to pay back, and particularly in this challenging environment we're being a lot more prudent in terms of those kinds of investments. All that said, as I mentioned in my remarks, smart companies are making the investments in the downturn to be well positioned. And so much of our investment is behind our existing franchises there, and selectively we're looking at white space opportunities.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thank you. We'll see you down in Florida in a few weeks.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, good morning, folks.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hey Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you for the question. I want to come back to Spillane's line of questioning. First, congratulations on the market share progression throughout the year. I'm quite intrigued by the trade budget optimization stuff. We're definitely big fans of the opportunity in the industry. We've been somewhat cautious in terms of sizing the prize within the broader snacking space, given the expandable consumption nature of the categories, the impulsive nature. And, as Spillane pointed out, your guidance for this to be a net sales drag implies elasticity on that trade spend reduction greater than one. So can you walk us through a little more detail in terms of scale and scope of how you're attacking this and how you're planning to mitigate the risk of market share losses as competitors step in to fill the void?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, first of all, Jason, the impact of 2016 is going to be much more related to the SKU reduction than trade optimization. As you know, we appointed Mark Clouse to the position of Chief Commercial Officer. He began in that role early this year, and one of his main deliverables is helping us with trade spending optimization. We're just getting started with that work. And, as I mentioned, it's critical that we strike the right balance between our competitive position and our customer response, making sure that it's a net positive impact. So in the near term, particularly in 2016, the bulk of our strategic actions will continue to be focused on eliminating tail brands and less profitable SKUs across each region, which will have a clear impact in the near term, but as I said before, stage us exceptionally well for the long term.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. And then one more quick question and I'll pass it on. Latin America, I know there's some comparison issues on the prior year, but even if we stripped those comparison issues out, it was a particularly soft quarter in terms of the margin profile for the business. Anything unique there? Is there something to extrapolate on the forward, or could you talk us through the details there?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, look, in the quarter, a lot of the tax benefit that we had in the prior year was in the fourth quarter, the biggest piece of it. So that's probably the biggest dynamic. I would just say, look, we saw, as we said in the comments, a weakening macro in places like Brazil that challenged us a bit. But the biggest one by far, Jason, is the year-over-year tax impact.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you, guys. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hey, Matthew.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks. I just had a few follow-ups on the increased A&C spending. First, I guess just from a mathematical standpoint, can you clarify where we are on a pro forma basis in terms of A&C as a percent of sales and whether the deconsolidation means we're now a bit closer to the long-term target and we'll be more focused on optimizing the effectiveness of the spend? And then, anecdotally, now that you've been through a few quarters of beginning to ramp up the level of spending, can you talk at all about where you found the reinvestment to be particularly effective, where you've made the decision to pull back based on the payback you've observed?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I would say not a whole  there's not a lot of A&C that was spent in Venezuela. So you can sort of do the math. It does bring the number up a little bit. As we said, we're sort of exiting the year at a 9% sort of run rate. And much of that was ramping as we headed through the year. So it's one of the drivers of the profitability in Venezuela, was the fact that we didn't really have much A&C and we didn't need it in that market. So that's sort of the first part of your question. I'll let Irene take the second.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we're seeing our spending is up to about 9% of revenue. It's up about 60 bips. And as we look at where we spent it, we're very pleased with the returns that we're getting. So we invested behind biscuits in the U.S., things like Oreo Thins and belVita Bites. We are seeing significant investment year over year in the fourth quarter as we exit the year almost to 3% revenue growth on our biscuit business. I mentioned the impact on EU chocolate, where we invested behind our franchise, in the chocolate franchise, in particular in the U.K. We see continued improvement in Germany despite the fact that that was one of the areas that we chose to take out some of our less profitable volume. In addition, there's a number of markets where we backstopped our pricing actions as we priced in response to currency devaluation, markets like Brazil and Russia. And, again, if you look at our share performance and you look at our margin performance, you see the impact of those investments. So we're going to continue to monitor our performance quite closely, but we want to be sure that we remain nimble in our ability to capture opportunities as we see them and continuing to make the necessary infrastructure investments as well as the markets recover.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. I appreciate it. Thanks, and see you in Florida.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney of Athlos Research.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: Good morning. Thanks very much. Just wanted to ask a big-picture question, Irene. If you  I wonder what makes Mondelez special is this global growth opportunity. And I think as you talk about organic net revenue growth, what people are really sort of thinking is the volume growth opportunity that comes from growing units in all these fast-growing emerging markets. If I look at your four-year growth projection on a volume basis, you're down in what are supposed to be the volume-driving segments of your business, other than Eastern Europe. You're down in Latin America, you're down in Asia Pacific. And while currency's a part of that, macro's a part of it, maybe not your fault, a couple of concerns I have that I'd love your thoughts on. First, when you see  first, whenever you trade off pricing and volume, that's a lot easier on the margin structure than having to go the other way, and you do eventually need to go the other way on volume growth to sustain any margin expansions. And, secondly, do you worry in some of these markets where you look at an Asia Pacific or Latin America where you're working hard, doing the right thing to maintain that margin structure that's fair to investors, but you're seeing some unit declines. Do you worry that it kind of reverses that networking effect and you get less usage and less households using the products over time in a way that maybe constrains the five- and 10-year growth of the company? So how are you thinking about that balance? Thanks very much.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, thanks. Thank you for that question, Jon. We obviously continue to pay very close attention to the impact of our pricing actions on our volumes. I would remind you that our 2015 vol/mix was down about 3 points. That's about 1 point from Venezuela, about 1 point from the strategic actions we took, and about 1 point of elasticity, which was mostly in the first half. As we started to make the investments, as we locked in our margins and started to make the investments in selected markets in the back half, we saw a very strong improvement in the  not only in the vol/mix trend, but also in our individual franchise performance. As we look to 2016, our intent again is to make sure that we're continuing to get a positive benefit. We're not going to give you specific guidance for the split between pricing and vol/mix, but as I mentioned, we are expecting pricing to be less of an impact. But it will continue to be pressured as we see inflation in these emerging markets. I think most importantly, what you need to look to for us is to make sure that we're continuing to make the investments necessary to stage our business for the long term as these emerging markets recover. And so it's a constant monitoring of how we're performing, but we think we're getting the right balance here. But it does have  it has had a short-term impact, but we're quite encouraged by the results we're seeing in the back half of the year, and we've reflected that in our guidance for 2016.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think, Jonathan, we want to be patient. I mean, we believe there is a long-term volume growth dynamic clearly in these emerging markets, and we're making the investments, as Irene said, to ensure that we're positioned for that. But the reality is in the short term, given what's happened with currency and commodities over the last several quarters, it's really driven the dynamic, and it's forced all the pricing through. That's really the driver here.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Eric.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Eric.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I guess just a couple of questions. First one on the slide on page 8 that talks about the snack share performance, that's like a running like on a year to date. And wouldn't that imply that the fourth quarter share, given the jump from the third to the fourth quarter, does that imply like the third quarter share improvement was like 65% or 70%?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm trying to follow your math here, Eric. There's no question that our share improvement spiked in the fourth quarter. Much of the investment that we made would have hit in the market in the fourth quarter, and you see that play through on the slide.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, slide 8. Yeah, I mean, as you recall, Eric, I mean, these were in the 45% range last time we looked at it, last time we shared it.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Right.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So big jump in the fourth quarter. And we tend to look at it on a year-to-date basis.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Okay, okay. And then CapEx has been running like $1.6 billion. Obviously with currency and Venezuela, your dollars, your net income is going be pressured, but given the weaker volume that we've been discussing, can lower CapEx offset that, so maybe free cash flow is not as impaired by some of these developments?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We'll take you through more detail on cash flow. We had a, I would say, significantly stronger cash flow in 2015 than what we had targeted and shared with you, and we'll update you on that as we talk at CAGNY. I think  look, we'll continue to monitor the environment. I mean, this volume dynamic is something that's affecting how we're spending CapEx. And we've been, I would say, prudent and thoughtful around where we're spending CapEx. And, at the same time, I also want to say we're sticking to the plan, and the reality is that we still have investments to make as part of executing and building the supply chain capabilities to deliver on the 2018 targets we just talked about. So, as we've said, I think 2015 was the peak in CapEx. It'll get reset a little bit as the revenue comes down with Venezuela, but I think you'll see it come down from here, and as we get toward 2017-2018, be it at the levels we've talked about, closer to the 4% to 4.5% sort of range.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then if I could just  last one, bigger-picture question for Irene. I realize that Hershey  your businesses are quite different. But Hershey's talked about, at least in the U.S., kind of a much more competitive landscape for snacks and confection, different consumer habits maybe affecting overall how the market works, promotion, et cetera. Is part of the SKU cuts across the globe, is part of that a function of  and I assume these are some of the local brands that you got via Cadbury  but is it because the consumers' habits are changing and, like meat snacks or something else are more relevant? Or is it something else that's playing out? Thanks.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, we actually feel quite optimistic about the outlook for our snacks in North America. We're seeing good progress, as we said, as we exited the year. The growth rate is in excess of the category growth rates. In fact, we're driving it. We feel very good about our DSD support. We think we're getting good in-store presence; our shares are strong. And we've got a good innovation pipeline. So I think we're well-staged to continue to drive growth in this geography.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think the bigger-picture point on SKUs, SKU reduction, is really about allowing us to focus on the Power Brands and really put more resources against them.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: But, as you said, it was disproportionately in the emerging markets because of some of the acquisitions. So, I mean, our portfolio in North America is a lot more focused on the Power Brands than what we're seeing elsewhere in the world.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yep.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. Pass it on.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Eric.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, thank you. I was watching the stock price, and it's down today. And I don't think it's because of Venezuela because I think that's just an accounting change. But I think people are definitely dialing in on the volume and the guidance, the caution about guidance for top line for next year. And I just want to make sure I got my numbers straight. You're saying that the category growth will probably be 3% to 4%. And if you strip out kind of the SKU rat, and you would be, I guess, 3% plus. So right in that 3% to 4%. Did you consider, though, kind of saying that you would be above the 3% to 4% on a normalized basis? Because I think you are making progress in gaining share. Fourth quarter definitely demonstrates that. And I guess the follow-up is can you commit to 55% of your categories gaining share in 2016, just to kind of hammer home the point?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So the simple point, Rob, is don't forget that we are growing essentially in line with our categories in 2016, while we're expanding margins by about 200 basis points. And I think it's our ability to drive top and bottom line as one of the things that will continue to distinguish us, and so I think we've got good visibility to the places and the programming and the investment levels that we need to continue to protect our shares and ultimately drive our shares. But, as you rightly point out, in that timeframe, I think we're going to continue to see the balance that we've laid out. Longer term, we would expect clearly to deliver revenue growth at or above the rate of our categories.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And, I think, Rob, if we saw more momentum in the markets, and things were a little less volatile, I think we'd have more confidence in being a little more forward-leaning with that, but that's part of what we're thinking here.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So it's prudent guidance in light of the fact that there's a big margin expansion target going on at the same time?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: As well as a challenging macro environment.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, yeah.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Again, as we told you, we're seeing  even as we look at this first quarter  we're seeing continued pressure in a number of the emerging markets.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard of Bernstein.
Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Alexia.
Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. So two quick ones. On the SKU rationalization, that's been going on for a couple of years now. Can you sort of  is there an end in sight in terms of when that's going to be impacting your sales? Will it be particularly heavy in the first half of the year; will it ease off in the back half? That's the first question. And then the second one is, excluding the advertising spending as a percent of sales, it looks as though SG&A was fairly flat. Can you quantify the impact of the Latin American VAT hit, and if there were any other things in there that are causing your SG&A not to come down? I know that you've done a lot of cost-cutting, big head count reduction, and moved to a global shared services organization in September. It just surprises me that the SG&A didn't move this quarter. Thank you.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So on the SKU rationalization activities, look, I think this is  we're making progress. And I guess what I'll commit is we'll give you a bit of an update in CAGNY on that as well. But it is a key lever as we think about the supply chain. And simplifying our product offerings as part of that activity allows us to get at costs and simplify what we're doing in the plants. And there's lots of examples that we can take you through. I would say we're in the middle of that. I don't know that it's going to be a front-half/back-half kind of discussion. We're going to continue to work through it and as we do it, we'll adjust the targets and the plans there. But we're making good progress. I'll just tell you that, I think. On SG&A, really three dynamics, I think, that are probably inconsistent with how people are thinking about it. One is, obviously, I'm not sure everybody fully got the A&C step-up that we're doing here. And that's obviously showing up in the SG&A. We have, obviously, incentive comp that flows through there, and given the strong performance versus targets, that's up year over year. And then currency. I mean, I think those are the three big drivers that would represent  and I'd probably tell you a third, a third, a third  in terms of where it is in SG&A. So the underlying performance in overheads, the work that we're doing on indirects, and the broader organizational activities is generating benefits. We exceeded our internal targets on ZBB benefits this year, and we've actually taken up what we're going to do there for 2016 as part of the plan.
Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Alexia.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kenneth Zaslow of BMO Capital.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning. I'll keep it real quick in terms of time. My first question is, given the challenges in South America, is there an opportunity to accelerate or reassess any sort of opportunities for cost savings or do anything different given that you have a different environment there?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Look, I think we're pretty pleased with the businesses we have in Latin America. I think it does  I mean, there's some slight dynamics around our headquarters overhead in Latin America as a result of now deconsolidating Venezuela. I think it's more a country-by-country look at the dynamics of what's playing out in the Brazil market, or Argentina, or other places given inflation and what we're seeing in volatility. But, again, the fundamental dynamics in those markets, I mean, we like the gross margins, we like our competitive position. They are part of what we're doing on supply chain and ZBB and all the other activities. We'll continue to look at that and adjust targets as appropriate. But I'm not sure anything changes in terms of the big-picture plan for South America.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I mean, I would say we are constantly benchmarking each of our countries across our landscape, and as well as versus competitors to the best of our abilities. And so I think we've got a pretty good handle on where the opportunities are. And that's essentially been the plan that we've been executing.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. And a point of clarification, just making sure I understand it, your 18% margin does not require you guys to do anything besides hit your volumes in line with the category growth? There's no expectations in there that you should exceed? It's not dependent on any sort of volume numbers that are above the category? Is that  my understanding of that, is that fair?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one more question. Our final question comes from the line of David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Just a follow-up on some of the earlier questioning. What are some examples of how the economic weakness is causing you to revisit your marketing plans, if at all, whether it be value packaging or perhaps slowing the pace of new products or the pursuits of these white-space opportunities you mentioned?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think without a doubt it is certainly impacting how we execute our pricing. Depending upon the market, we're using a combination of tactics, whether it's list price increases, trade spending, reduction, price pack architecture both on the low end and the high end. And, quite frankly, that's allowed us, as we've had  as we've talked before, one of the benefits of our Lines of the Future is it gives us much greater flexibility with respect to packaging, which then allows us to execute pricing in a much less disruptive way to the marketplace. I think it's one of the reasons that you see our vol/mix improving as the year progressed and as we exited the year. So we certainly are doing our best to make sure that every price, it has as small an impact on the overall consumer landscape. I'd also say that virtually all of the pricing actions we have taken have been in response to comment to industry cost. And so some of the elasticity impact has simply been the time it takes for some of our competitors to execute pricing actions. And as we've seen those price gaps narrow in markets like Russia and Brazil, for example, or some of the actions we have taken in markets like the U.K. or Germany, we are seeing our shares improve. So we're doing our best to manage the landscape, and it varies market to market. But certainly as we think about some of our infrastructure investments, I'll give you the  we have a factory going up in Russia, for example. We've moved a lot more slowly in this current environment as we think about that investment as a result of what we're seeing in the macro environment.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And then, David, given the volatility, I mean, we're actively watching these A&C investments and the specific activities and tracking returns. And having the data and the tools and the willingness to adjust them and move money where it's paying off and where we see the long-term benefits is something that I think we're getting better, at and we've got some better processes in place to do that proactively as the volatility is playing out.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: That was our final question. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, everyone, for joining the call this morning. Be around for the rest of the day, and of course over the next couple weeks as we head into CAGNY to address any questions. Other than that, we will see probably the bulk of you in Florida. Thanks again. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Mondelez International's third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question and answer session. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dexter Congbalay, Vice President, Investor Relations, for Mondelez International. Please go ahead, sir.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO, and Brian Gladden, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release and today's slides, which are available on our website, MondelezInternational.com. As you know, during this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the Cautionary Statements and Risk Factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. You can find the GAAP-to-non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Irene.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Dexter. Good morning. The third quarter macroenvironment remained challenging. But we continued to drive top-tier margin expansion while delivering solid organic revenue growth. Specifically, organic revenue grew 3.7%, led by our pricing actions to recover commodity- and currency-driven input costs, primarily in high-inflation markets. Adjusted gross margin increased 180 basis points to 39.1%, driven by strong net productivity and the early benefits of improvements in our supply chain. We expanded adjusted operating income margin by 170 basis points to 14.1% while significantly increasing advertising and consumer support. Adjusted EPS was $0.42, flat versus prior year on a constant-currency basis. We delivered strong operating gains. However, as expected, these gains were offset by below-the-line items, including dilution related to the creation of our coffee joint venture, as well as higher taxes. Our performance in the third quarter reflects continued progress in executing our transformation agenda. We further focused our portfolio. In July, we closed on the joint venture to combine our coffee business with D.E Master Blenders to create Jacobs Douwe Egberts, the largest pure-play coffee business in the world. As a result, we received more than $5 billion of cash, including the benefit of currency hedges, and retained a 43.5% interest in the JV. We strengthened our snacks business through two bolt-on acquisitions, including Kinh Do's biscuit business in Vietnam and Enjoy Life Foods, a leader in fast-growing allergen-free snacks in the U.S. We'll look for more opportunities in the future to strengthen our snacks business through additional bolt-on acquisitions like these. We also continued to aggressively reduce costs, to expand margins and provide the fuel to accelerate our growth. In the third quarter, we significantly expanded gross margin by generating net productivity of more than 3% of cost of goods sold, including the benefits from the installation of almost 30 Lines of the Future around the world. In addition, we remain on track to reduce overheads as a percent of revenue by at least 250 basis points between 2013 and 2016, with additional opportunities thereafter. As Brian mentioned at the Barclays conference in September, we're identifying even more indirect cost savings than our original target. This sets up well for continued savings beyond 2016. We're also well on our way to migrating more than 40% of back-office processes in finance, HR, and several other functions to global shared services. For each of these processes, we'll reduce costs, on average, by half, enabling additional savings through and beyond 2018. As these supply chain and overhead cost savings come through the P&L, we'll continue to expand gross and operating margins while stepping up investments to drive growth. We're already beginning to see the benefits of this virtuous cycle. In the third quarter, we increased advertising and consumer support as a percent of revenue by 50 basis points to more than 8.5%. Almost all of our incremental investment was behind our Power Brands in key markets and categories, to backstop our pricing actions, improve our share of voice, and accelerate the global rollout of proven innovation platforms, such as Oreo Thins in North America, base Oreo in Russia, Trident and belVita in China, and Bubbly aerated chocolate in India. In addition, we continue to invest in route-to-market expansion, especially in emerging markets, as we look to strengthen our capabilities and position ourselves to capture more than our fair share of growth as the economies in these markets recover. We're encouraged by this progress and remain committed to our strategy and transformation agenda. As we look ahead, there are three areas where we want to continue to sharpen our focus going forward: on cost savings, growth, and commercial execution. So we're also announcing some important organizational changes this morning. We've seen great benefit in consolidating our cost agenda under Brian Gladden, our CFO, and our growth agenda under our Chief Growth Officer. We now see a similar opportunity to sharpen our global commercial execution by creating a new role of Chief Commercial Officer, or CCO. Today, we're naming Mark Clouse to that position and appointing Tim Cofer, who currently runs our Asia-Pacific business, as Chief Growth Officer. Mark, in his role as CCO, will oversee the execution of the company's growth plan, with oversight over all five geographic regions, as well as the global sales function. This new structure should simplify and accelerate day-to-day P&L decision-making and tradeoffs, while focusing investments in those areas that will best drive profitable growth. Tim, in his role as CGO  with responsibility for corporate strategy; the global categories; global marketing; and research, development, and quality  will lead the development of next-generation innovation platforms and new business opportunities to accelerate future growth. Brian, Tim, and Mark, together with our region presidents, Daniel Myers, and our integrated supply chain teams, will work hand in hand to continue to advance our transformation agenda and accelerate growth on both the top and bottom lines. Now let's take a closer look at our top line results. As I said, organic revenue growth was 3.7%. Higher prices contributed 7.4 points, with most of the pricing occurring in emerging markets, as we recovered commodity- and currency-driven input costs to protect profitability. Vol/mix was down 3.7 points, largely due to elasticity in response to new pricing actions in markets like Brazil and Russia, as well as a negative 70 basis point impact resulting from our strategic decisions to improve revenue mix. Year to date, the vol/mix headwind from those decisions was 90 basis points. For the full year, we expect a headwind of up to 100 basis points, as we've shared with you before. Our Power Brands, which now represent nearly 70% of revenue, delivered solid growth of more than 5%. Emerging markets were up over 10%, due to pricing, with the BRIC markets growing mid to high single digits. Developed markets declined 0.5%, largely driven by our actions to improve revenue mix. Turning now to our results by region. As I mentioned earlier, pricing in emerging markets drove our growth this quarter. Latin America was up over 17%, driven by inflationary pricing in Venezuela and Argentina. Brazil was up low to mid-single digits, as we took additional pricing to recover higher input costs resulting from the recent weakening of the real. This pricing, along with softer categories as macroeconomic conditions deteriorated, pressured vol/mix in Brazil. We anticipated these difficult conditions and managed the business accordingly. As a result, we don't expect to have a material inventory destocking risk. Our EEMEA region was up 6%, led primarily by pricing in Russia, in response to the sharp devaluation of the ruble. We responded with a series of pricing actions that led to over 20% growth in Russia this quarter, which was broad-based across most categories. Vol/mix declined, however, as categories slowed in response to higher prices and weakening economic conditions. As in Brazil, we're actively managing our inventory levels and do not expect any material dislocation issues. Asia-Pacific was up 3%, with solid growth in China and Australia, partially offset by weakness in some other markets. China was up mid to high single digits, driven by strong performance in both biscuits and gum. India grew modestly, led by solid chocolate growth, in response to our stepped-up A&C investments. Turning to developed markets, Europe was down 1.6%, largely due to our strategic decisions to improve revenue mix. North America was up modestly, with solid growth in biscuits and candy, partially offset by continued softness in gum. Turning to our categories, year-to-date snacks are up approximately 5%, and about the same amount if you include powdered beverages and cream cheese. Currency-driven pricing remains the key driver of category growth. While our organic snacks growth is about a point below our categories, that's largely related to the 90 basis point impact of our actions to improve revenue mix. Looking at our overall market share, about 45% of our snacks revenues are gaining or holding share. Although we're not satisfied with this result, we're making sequential progress as expected as our competitors price, consumers adjust to higher price points, and we invest some of our cost savings into incremental marketing support. Let's take a closer look at each of our snacks categories. Biscuits grew nearly 6.5% year to date, and we grew about 5.5%, with strong performance in China, Brazil, and Russia. Shares were also strong, with about 60% gaining or holding, including increases in both cookies and crackers in the U.S., as well as share gains in Brazil. Power Brand revenues were up high single digits, led by Oreo, TUC, Club Social, and belVita. The chocolate category increased about 5.5% year to date, while our revenue grew only about 1%. This reflects the fact that we led significant pricing in most markets in response to rising input costs. Recently, competitors have begun to price, and in select markets, like the U.K. and India, we've stepped up A&C support. As a result, we're beginning to see improvements in both revenue growth and share. In fact, in the third quarter, our revenue grew low single digits, up from essentially flat in the first half. Chocolate market share also increased, from about 25% growing or holding in the first half to approximately 30% through September. While share performance remains below what we would like, much of this is due to our revenue mix improvements in Europe, including discontinuing low-margin chocolate product lines. Going forward, we expect share performance to continue to improve, as price gaps narrow and as our A&C investments pay off. The gum and candy category grew nearly 2% year to date. Our revenue was up 5%, with both gum and candy growing mid-single digits, led by growth of gum in China, and candy in the U.S. So, as you can see, we delivered solid top-line growth in the quarter, and share has begun to improve in response to increased marketing support in a number of key markets and categories. Let me now turn it over to Brian, who will provide an update on our third quarter margin expansion and earnings growth.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Irene, and good morning. We delivered strong margin expansion in the third quarter by executing our transformation agenda in a challenging macroeconomic and consumer environment. Starting with slide 9, you can see that adjusted gross margin increased 180 basis points to 39.1%. This expansion was driven by another quarter of net productivity of more than 3% of COGS. As expected, mark-to-market of commodity and currency hedging contracts was a 40 basis point headwind in the quarter, largely due to cycling of a gain in the prior-year quarter. Year to date, mark to market is a 20 basis point benefit. Adjusted OI margin grew 170 basis points to 14.1%. We continue to drive down overheads and offset stranded costs from the coffee transaction by leveraging zero-based budgeting and other cost-saving tools. These overhead savings, as well as lower supply chain costs, allowed us to continue to accelerate some A&C investments in a number of key markets and categories in the quarter to support our pricing actions and innovation platform launches, as well as to stimulate category growth and improve share performance. As Irene mentioned, we stepped up A&C by 50 basis points to more than 8.5% of revenue. Based on recent results, our investments are beginning to pay off. We're seeing improvements in our growth and share performance in chocolate in both Europe and India, and in addition our biscuits revenue in North America has begun to accelerate behind our increased marketing support and innovation. Now let's look at margin improvement by region. As you can see on slide 10, our cost reduction efforts have driven improvement in adjusted OI margins across all of our regions. In North America, OI margin was up 130 basis points, largely driven by strong gross margin expansion, which more than offset increased A&C investment. In Europe, margin increased 270 basis points, as strong net productivity and lower overheads more than offset increased A&C in that market. In Latin America, margin grew 60 basis points, driven by lower overheads. And in Asia-Pacific and EEMEA, margins increased 380 and 210 basis points, respectively, as strong gross margin expansion more than offset higher A&C support. . Adjusted EPS was $0.42, flat versus the prior year on a constant-currency basis. We delivered strong operating gains of $0.08, which includes a $0.01 benefit from acquisitions and a $0.02 headwind from mark to market as we lapped a gain in the prior-year quarter. Below the operating line, lower interest expense and the benefit from a lower share count offset a $0.04 headwind from taxes, as we cycled an unusually low effective tax rate in the prior-year quarter. Additionally, and as you know, we're now reporting our portion of the JDE's net income using the equity method below the line. While we don't expect to provide much regular color on the results of JDE, as it's a private company, we've said it would initially be dilutive, and it was this quarter. Some of this is driven by the timing of the close, and some is simply driven by the timing of integration and synergy execution. Prior to the closing of the JV, both partners increased shipments to the trade as a precautionary measure to ensure a smooth transition for customers, which affected JDE's third quarter revenue. While we continue to expect the EPS dilution for the next few quarters, we remain confident in the potential of the business and believe it will create significant value for both shareholders. Turning to return of capital, on slide 12 you can see so far this year we've returned $3.8 billion of capital to our shareholders. In addition to paying more than $700 million in dividends, we purchased $3.1 billion of stock, or nearly 80 million shares at an average price of just under $39 a share. In Q3 we bought back a little over $900 million of stock as we opportunistically stepped up our buyback activity, given how our stock traded during the quarter. This means that we have about $6 billion remaining under the current share repurchase authorization that goes through 2018. Let's turn to our outlook. Given our solid third quarter results, we're reaffirming our 2015 outlook and our 2016 adjusted OI margin target of 15% to 16%. For 2015, we still expect organic net revenue growth of at least 3%. On a reported basis, currency remains a sizable headwind. Based on current spot rates, we estimate currency to have a negative 13 percentage point impact for the year, a little more than our previous estimate of a 12-point impact. We continue to expect to deliver adjusted OI margin of approximately 14%, excluding 20 to 30 basis points of stranded overhead costs from the coffee transaction. We made good progress in offsetting most of the stranded costs in the quarter and expect to fully offset them by the end of the year. We continue to anticipate double-digit adjusted EPS growth on a constant-currency basis for the full year. Based on current spot rates, we estimate a negative currency impact of $0.33, the same as our previous estimate. With respect to free cash flow excluding items, we still expect it to be approximately $1 billion for the year. For modeling purposes, we've reduced our interest expense assumption to approximately $700 million, down from $750 million. We maintained our tax rate guidance in the low 20%s for 2015. And while we continue to be opportunistic with our share buyback program, we anticipate repurchasing around $500 million of our shares in the fourth quarter. In this scenario, we would still have approximately $700 million remaining in coffee transaction proceeds to spend in the first half of next year. So to wrap up, we delivered another solid quarter in a volatile and challenging macroeconomic environment. We're continuing to make excellent progress against our transformation agenda by focusing our portfolio on snacks and aggressively reducing our supply chain and overhead costs. This has enabled us to expand operating margins in each region while also fueling incremental investments behind our Power Brands and innovation platforms to drive revenue growth and improve market share in our key markets and categories. As a result, we remain on track to deliver our 2015 outlook, as well as our 2016 margin target of 15% to 16%. As the world's leading snacking company, we're one of few industry players with the assets, leadership, and capabilities to deliver strong top and bottom line growth over the long term. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.:  everybody.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Andrew.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Two questions for me if I could. First off, with margins continuing to come through as you expect, seems like the key question will be around really the mix between volume and price. And I guess I thought we'd at least start to see volume get sequentially better for the company, particularly with price gaps starting to narrow. But volume got a bit weaker sequentially, and we got more price than we'd modeled. And I guess European volume was still pretty weak despite a very easy year-ago comp. So maybe first could you just update us on the  again, a little bit more color on the price gap situation in Europe chocolate, and if you need to reassess the strategy there, like perhaps what you did in the U.K. Or have you seen enough movement in pricing in earnest that you kind of feel like you're going to see these price gaps narrow for real?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Andrew, there's no question we are seeing our price gaps narrow, as we had expected. And as we said in our Q2 call, we do expect vol/mix to improve sequentially in the second half. Our underlying business is performing quite well. We're seeing some very encouraging signs as we look at chocolate in the EU, we look at biscuits in North America, we look at chocolate in India, for example. The factor that really impacted Q3  there's really two. The first is that we did have to take some additional pricing in markets like Brazil and Russia in response to the significant devaluations of their currencies. And that just created another elasticity impact, which just put a little bit more pressure  again, in the near term  on vol/mix. And then the second is just, for the luck of the draw, we had a big heat wave this summer in Continental Europe, and that did have an impact on our chocolate business, so that as we were starting to see those gaps close and make the necessary investments, the impact of those investments just took a little bit longer than we anticipated. Net-net, we would expect that we should see continued revenue growth and share improvement as we make the investments focused in the key areas I've described and as we exit the year.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Okay, thank you for that. And then, Brian, with respect to some of the supply chain work that you're doing, is there a way to give us, directionally even, a sense of how much that contributed to 3Q gross margins  and I guess more importantly how that now starts to build as we go forward into 2016?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Andrew, as we've been saying, it clearly is still early days on the supply chain reinvention work and the impact of the Lines of the Future. I would say the third quarter, we've begun to see some of that, but the majority of the  we talked about 3%-plus net productivity on COGS in the quarter. The majority of that's still driven by base productivity programs. So this is still one where I think, as we've been saying, the majority of the supply chain benefits and all the Lines of the Future that we've been investing in, as you work your way through startup costs and all the things that go with bringing those lines up, it does take some time, and it's really going to be a 2016 dynamic where you start to see some of those benefits.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, thank you. This will just be kind of a follow-up to Andrew's question. When I looked at Nestle's results, I thought I saw that they had chosen to not price in line with currency in chocolate in Brazil. And given how big of a competitor they are in Latin American markets in general, I was just wondering if this latest price increase that you took, is that one of the things that you might have to reassess? And are there any other, I guess any other Latin American markets where you see the same dynamic?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, first of all, Rob, I would say that our performance in Brazil has been quite strong in the face of some really significant macroeconomic challenges. We've actually grown or held share in all of our categories there. So, as we think about the challenges in chocolate, in many respects, 40% of our chocolate business is in Europe, and I've been clear about what some of the issues were there. Nestle did say in their call, as you said, that they did not price, but the facts are, as you start to look at individual SKUs, we are seeing movement. So we continue to monitor each of these key categories in our key markets very carefully, and if we need to continue to supplement some of our investments in these markets, as we did in the U.K. and to some extent in Germany, we will continue to do that. But for now Brazil actually has held up remarkably well, growing in the low to mid-single digits in the face of some very significant challenges. But, most importantly, we are holding or growing our shares in all of our categories there.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And, Rob, I would just say, you look at the currency in Brazil, the third quarter currency, it's up almost 60% year over year. And year to date, it's up 35%. I mean, it's dramatic. The only other point I'd make, Rob, is just, this is also one of the markets where we've put additional A&C, as we've seen the opportunity to reinvest in the growth side of the business.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah, and I can clearly see the good work that you've done in those markets, and you can see it in your results. Just broader speaking, though, if you look at your peers, they aren't taking pricing up to that degree in emerging markets, just in general. So I guess I would hate to see you set yourselves up for setting up price gaps that are bigger than you would hope for, and that was the reason for the comment.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, but again, Rob, we've got some very clear benchmarks with respect to those gaps. We are seeing them close around the world. The speed at which they close varies a little bit market to market, but I'm quite confident that we are managing the right balance between the margin expansion and driving growth, for today and for the future.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Just two quick questions, if I could, please. First would be, just to understand, the incremental investment in A&C has been pretty significant really all through the year. I think you made a comment, Irene, about hitting 8.5% of sales. I had been thinking more like 9%-plus, in terms of where you were headed for. Does that mean you were short this quarter? Or is 8.5% more the right number for where you want to be in terms of A&C investment here in 2015?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, actually, as we've said, Chris, we're going to make steady investments in A&C, as we see the good returns coming from those investments. We're up significantly versus prior year, and we will be for the full year. But we have said that our target for the long term is approximately 10% of revenue, and slowly but surely we're making our way to those levels. But the good news is, we are starting to already see the impact of the investments as a means of backstopping pricing and continuing to build our brand equity. So it's up quite significantly. It will continue to grow, as we have the affordability and as we see strong returns.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And, Chris, a lot of discipline around tracking ROI around these incremental investments. And some of them, obviously, are going to work and deliver great returns, and some of them that aren't, we're paring those back quickly as we move forward. So a very detailed operating mechanism around those A&C investments.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. That's very helpful. And I had just a quick question, if I could, on  your emerging market sales are very strong in the quarter, and I think you mentioned the BRIC countries being up mid to high single digits in the quarter, meaning you had a little bit of acceleration in other emerging markets. You've talked as well about route-to-market investments. Some of this A&C investment, I assume, is going towards these other markets as well. I just thought I'd get a sense of white space opportunities. Are those in part what's helping drive the better emerging market revenue growth overall? Is that where we're seeing the benefit coming through in the top line?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Actually, not yet, Chris. The route-to-market investments we're making today are high-return opportunities to expand distribution on proven categories and brands in key markets. And so we've talked about the investments we're making behind merchandising support, things like visi-coolers that help us in markets like India, improving our penetration in rural India. As we look at China, we're continuing to expand our traditional trade penetration in tier 1 and tier 2 cities and then expanding into tier 3 and tier 4 cities. Brazil, we continue to see the North/Northeast as a ripe area for investment. So these are near-in, high payback kinds of route-to-market investments. That said, we still see white-space opportunities for us to take our categories to new markets. And obviously gum in China is a great example, biscuits in India, for example. But as we look at our emerging markets, virtually all of them are one- or two-category markets. And it would be our expectation over time that we will be able to see all of our categories in each of our key markets, and that's what gives us great confidence as we think about the runway of growth opportunities.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Had just a question on Mark Clouse's new role as Chief Commercial Officer. And just wanted a little bit more color on two areas. One is, does it also imply or come with the creation of, like, a global sales force? Or will Mark be interacting with sales forces at the regional level? And then, second, one of the things that is cited in the press release is a focus on day-to-day P&L decision-making, and I guess I kind of read that as maybe a sharper focus on trade promotion spending and a way to kind of make it more efficient. So is that a correct read on one of the sort of key areas that you expect to see some focus on?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely, Bryan. That's exactly the way to read it. This is not about a global sales consolidation. We believe very strongly that the right aggregation needs to be at the regional level, but think of it more as a center of excellence, the opportunity to take best practices from one market to another. So in addition to making sure that the terrific growth agenda that Mark and his team laid out is now executed through our regions, we do see additional opportunities to capture best practices in terms of execution at point of sale, as well as building our capabilities in areas like trade optimization, as you suggest. So all of those things, I believe, will just help to further strengthen what has been very strong commercial execution.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And in terms of the opportunity within trade, your trade spend, is it a major opportunity just to improve the efficiency there?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We do see that as a big opportunity, and I think you'll be hearing more about that as time goes on. Obviously, the challenge in any of those decisions is getting the right balance between revenue and trade spending. Our goal is to try to find a way to make the dollars we're spending work harder for us. But that is a focus, and we do see that as an opportunity.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Eric.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Eric.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I just have a couple of questions. I guess first, Brian, on the JV, it sounded like you  were you signaling that that might be more dilutive than you had initially forecast based on the  what sounds like a little bit of trade-loading in that business, or other developments?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We're not really updating a view for ongoing dilution or accretion. We're only three months into the JV. We don't really have any new information that would lead us to have a different view on where we see that over a long period of time. We didn't really expect much benefit from the JV as you look at the first couple quarters here. I think we do expect that their performance will improve into the fourth quarter, I'd say modestly, and then  and we move into 2016, obviously quite a bit as they execute on the integration and synergy plans. So, yeah, I mean, there clearly were specific actions that we took, both partners, heading into the close of the joint venture that moved more inventory into the trade. That was intentional to really create a buffer and allow us to feel confident that we could manage through the startup of the new systems and order management and all that went with that, the closing process. But nothing new, Eric, in terms of our view of the opportunity here and the accretion dilution at this point.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for that. And then I guess both to Irene and to you, Brian: I guess I'm not exactly  I guess I'm just a little bit concerned about the volume weakness in the quarter. I mean, it's hard from the outside to figure all this out, but you're spending a ton of capital to put in these highly efficient lines. And these efficient lines, I assume the volume that's going  that efficiency is a function of the volume that's going through them. And so to the extent that you have other, I guess, cost savings, your decision to price against currency results in weaker volume. It doesn't look like the A&C had a big impact or a positive impact in the quarter. So I guess I'm not really sure what the question is. But I guess I'm a little bit concerned that the decision on FX-related price versus volume weakness makes this whole transformation less powerful because of the fixed-cost absorption not being there. Or maybe you just kind of walk me through why that's not a concern.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I guess, Eric, it's a fair question. But I would tell you that the impact on our volume is uppermost in our mind. But we constantly are evaluating the opportunity to make sure that the margins of these various franchises are attractive enough to warrant the investment, while recognizing that we do create some dislocation. We are leading pricing in most of these markets, and in markets like Russia, for example, we priced three times in the course of this year in response to the significant and rapid devaluation of the ruble. So I feel very good that we are managing to get our margins and protect our margins where they need to be. We are spending back as appropriate. And as I said in response to the earlier question, the aggregate Q3 results mask some of the impact that our spending is having. Take chocolate in Europe, for example. We chose to delay some of that spending until September, rather than into the summer, because of the fact that we had an unusually hot summer. And therefore it's not a surprise that it is just starting to have an impact now. So I think if you start to look at our shares over the last four-week period, we're seeing a very strong response as the categories in a number of these markets are now growing. You think about markets like India, for example. Think about the U.K., our latest 12-week share is up 1.3 points after share losses up until that point. The latest four weeks were up 3.6 points. So we're seeing very strong indications that we're getting a good return on the A&C investments. We are carefully monitoring the volume-pricing relationship, because as you rightly point out, fixed-cost absorption is important to us. But in the face of what we're doing, we're generating net productivity of over 3% of cost of goods sold. So I feel pretty comfortable. The algorithm is working, and we should see improved performance, particularly on shares, as we exit the year.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And, Eric, I would just say as you think about capacity and what we're doing with the supply chain, I mean, we're making real-time adjustments to the capacity, where it goes, how much is volume-related versus in some cases actually closing down capacity sooner, and pulling in some of those programs, given what's going on in the overall market in category growth and volume growth.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. Pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Matthew.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just two questions. One, just to focus on the EEMEA region. You're obviously taking more pricing and you were able to protect profit dollars year on year this quarter. Just curious if you can give us any guidance of how we should think about your objectives going forward over the next several quarters, given currency macro pressure? Are you going to look to continue to manage toward protecting profit dollars or margins? And then as you move toward a period of fairly easy margin comparisons, is it feasible to expect margins to maybe remain at the kind of low double-digit levels we've seen over the past six months?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So I guess the answer to the first question, Matthew, is that we are seeing the margins improve in response to our pricing actions. We are monitoring the balance very carefully. And as we've said a couple of times, the reaction that we're getting to these pricing actions is pretty much in line with our elasticity assumptions.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I think it's a volatile market, there's no question. So, I mean, as the year has played out, it's played out differently than I think we expected. In some cases we're having to make real-time, in-quarter decisions on pricing. But the agenda, in terms of getting supply chain in the right place, in terms of getting the right products in the market, I mean, those are all the things that we're focused on. We will have a period of some easier compares given we're lapping some of that volatility in the first part of next year.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: But I will say, if you look at markets like Russia, where as I said we priced three times in the course of this year in response to the significant devaluation, our shares are holding up remarkably well. And the reason for that is we have continued to invest in our marketing support, as well as innovation -
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yep.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer:  and that playbook is working well for us around the world.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, great. But fair to say we may still continue to see some of that same level of margin volatility. Or it's hard to say that may not occur?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It's hard to predict what happens in those markets. I think that's the reality.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think EEMEA, of course, is a massive case in point. So I think the volatility we're seeing there is more extreme than almost anywhere in the world. But, again, our focus is to keep our eyes on the markets, to understand where we stand from a share perspective. And, where we feel the need to supplement our investment, we're making those choices.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. And, Irene, could you just talk a little bit about the retail environment in the U.K.? Because there's been some renewed reports suggesting a more aggressive approach by retailers in how they're managing the confectionery category. And I know you've done a lot proactively here, but are you seeing evidence of another wave of this? Or could this be a risk factor looking out over the next year?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I don't think so, Matthew. I mean, the European retail environment is challenging. And I think we have been able to hold our own quite well. They're interested in some of the very same things that our retailers around the world are interested in: what's happening in health and wellness, what's happening on the innovation front. And as long as we continue to drive traffic to their stores, we're an important partner. I'd also tell you that we're increasing our e-commerce business with a number of partners in the U.K. who are very much at the forefront of this click-and-collect initiative that you hear about. And so I think the combination of all of those things gives us great confidence that, as we've now gotten our margins in Europe where we want them to be, that we should see a continued improvement in our overall revenue and share trends.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Thanks, Irene.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard of Bernstein.
Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Alexia.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Alexia.
Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi there. We've been hearing a little bit about some organizational changes and head count rationalization that may have been put in place over the last few months. Can you comment on the kind of structural changes that you might have put in place? And maybe the impact it may have on head count. I mean, we'll see that in the 10-K when it's published next year. Any order of magnitude would be very helpful. Thank you.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Alexia. Look, I think these are the initiatives we've been talking about for a while when you think about overhead reductions, when you think about what we're doing with ZBB. I mean, the two big ones that we've spent time talking about, clearly a shared services model that we even mentioned in the comments today, where we're moving a significant proportion of our backroom processes around finance and HR and some other functions to outsourced partners in most cases. But that's causing significant changes in our org model and disruption around the world. But that's something that we've spent a lot of time working through a process to execute that, and we feel good about really how that's going. The second one is really moving to the category model, and that's something that we've been doing over the last, frankly, couple years. And really changing the structure of how we run the businesses at the region level and in the countries. So that is work that's been going on and, frankly, will continue as we optimize around a category-driven model. Those are the two big ones, and not really providing a lot more detail in terms of specific actions that go behind that.
Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Alexia.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citigroup.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you and good morning.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, David.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Brian, I think the guidance means that the fourth quarter operating margin is something similar to the third quarter. So maybe just slightly above that 14%, if my updated model here is done correctly and the quick math. And if that's right, then the real question is that, for 2016, you guys reiterated this 15% to 16% margin. I mean, we are here in October, and so I feel like 2016 is a stone's throw away. To go to the top end of that, to go to 16%, I mean, that's almost like 200 basis points  or rounding here  200 basis points of improvement to get to that top end. That seems like quite a lot. At this point, kind of given a slow backdrop, Irene, a clear desire by the company to want to keep investing in the business in these white spaces around the world, doesn't that top end seem like a stretch at this point? Is that fair? Or are there some comments that you can provide here?
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, appreciate the question, David. We're obviously not going to provide an outlook for next year at this point. I would tell you your math makes sense as you think about the fourth quarter. I would tell you it's a prudent view of how we think about the fourth quarter, given the volatility that we see in the business, and some of the markets as we've called out. But it also allows us to have some flexibility around what levels we want to reinvest, and add additional A&C to the business, to get that balance between the top line and bottom line, and get some growth back. So we feel great about the progress with supply chain and shared services, as being key elements that are going to provide additional upside as we head into next year. We're at a point where we've seen pretty significant improvement. If you look at year-to-date margin improvements, it gives us confidence that that sort of a jump is reachable. So we're building on the momentum we have this year, and we'll update you on how we think about 2016 as we close out the year.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We have time for one more question. Our final question will come from the line of Kenneth Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good morning, everyone. Just finishing up on a couple of quick questions. One is Salinas; can you give us an update on that? And how are the other projects of the reconfiguration going in certain areas, Bahrain and around the world?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So far so good. We announced a $130 million investment last quarter in Salinas. It is one of the key drivers of our improvement in North American margins over time. And so far so good. So, as we said, most of our supply chain investments, as we think about the progress we're making in Bahrain, in China, in Europe, all around the world, we're making some very good progress on the investments that we've made, and they'll be a key driver  as Brian just said, it'll be a key driver of our performance as we go into 2016, and then into 2017-2018.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And my final question is, on inventory management, I know you guys have changed it over the last couple years. Can you give a little bit more in-depth idea of what has actually changed? Because this seems to be a problem with many other companies, and you guys have obviously navigated quite successfully over the last year, year and a half. And I was just trying to figure out what makes you guys more successful at this? What has changed?
Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think, Ken, we learned our lesson the hard way. And the facts are, we're not doing anything herculean. We're simply making sure we have the data, and we are looking at it at all levels of the company on a regular basis. And I think what we discovered in markets like China, for example, it's a fairly complex supply chain, and therefore keeping our eye on the pulse of the business is critically important. I referenced Brazil and Russia in my remarks because they're volatile, and it's imperative that we monitor our inventory situation to make sure that we're keeping track of demand. So it's really not rocket science, but I have great confidence that as we continue to experience volatility in this challenging macroenvironment, that we're well-positioned to manage our businesses and continue to deliver our commitments.
Brian T. Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We've made investments in IT tools and connectivity with our channel partners and trade partners to give us that real-time visibility, which is something we haven't had, so that's been an important addition to the process.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. I appreciate it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: That was our final question. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hi, this is Dexter. Thanks for everybody for joining. We'll be available for questions later on through the day. And, again, thank you for joining the call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Mondelez International's second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session.  I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dexter Congbalay, Vice President, Investor Relations, from Mondelez International.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO, and Brian Gladden, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release and today's slides, which are available on our website, mondelezinternational.com. As you know, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. In addition, please note that our second quarter and first half financials include the results of our coffee business, which we combined with D.E. Masters Blenders effective July 2, to create Jacobs Douwe Egberts. Separately today via form AK filed with the SEC we provided pro forma non-GAAP financial results that reflect the impact of the coffee business divestiture and other adjustments for 2014 and the first half of 2015, by quarter. As described later, these pro forma adjusted financial results serve as the basis of our updated 2015 outlook. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Dexter. Good morning. We had a strong second quarter. We built on our momentum from the start of the year, continuing to drive top year margin expansion and earnings growth, while also delivering solid organic revenue growth. Specifically, organic revenue grew 4.3%, led by pricing actions to recover commodity and currency-driven input costs. Adjusted gross margin increased 330 basis points, to 40.2%, driven by record net productivity, as well as 150 basis point benefit from mark-to-market of commodity and currency hedging contracts. We expanded adjusted operating income margin by 270 basis points, to 15.2%, while significantly increasing advertising and consumer support. And adjusted EPS was $0.47, up nearly 38% on a constant currency basis. Our strong year-to-date results reflect clear progress in the execution of our transformation agenda. Earlier this month, we closed two deals that will enable us to focus even more keenly on snacks. We combined our global coffee business with D.E. Masters Blenders, and we acquired the Kinh Do snacks business in Vietnam. On the cost front, we drove record net productivity in our supply chain and continued to reduce overheads as a percentage of revenue, driven by strong execution of our zero-based budgeting initiative. While continuing to improve profitability, we have also begun to stage the business for accelerated growth. In addition to significantly increasing advertising and consumer support, we brought more of our state-of-the-art production lines on stream to drive the growth of our Power Brands and innovation platforms. Our updated outlook for 2015 reflects the strong year-to-date performance of our ongoing business, as well as the continued progress on our transformation agenda. These solid results have enabled us to essentially offset the expected dilution related to the coffee transaction, including the near-term impact of stranded overhead costs. As a result, we're increasingly confident in our ability to deliver a 2016 adjusted operating income margin of 15% to 16%. Before jumping into the specifics of our Q2 performance, let me provide an update on our two recent portfolio actions. Earlier this month we closed our deal to combine our coffee business with D.E. Master Blenders creating Jacobs Douwe Egberts, the world's leading pure play coffee company. The company has revenues of more than 5 billion and market-leading positions in over 18 countries across Europe, Latin America and Australia as well as a strong emerging market presence. JDE owns some of the world's leading coffee brands, including Jacobs and Tassimo as well as Moccona, Douwe Egberts, and Pilao. With greater focused and increased scale, JDE will be able to capitalize on the global growth opportunities in coffee, and invest more heavily in innovation, manufacturing, and market development. At closing we received cash of 3.8 billion euros and a 43 1/2% interest in the new joint venture. These amounts are down somewhat versus previous estimates because we retained our interest in our Korea based joint venture Dong Suh Foods Corporation. Since we continue to hold that position, this doesn't affect the overall economics of the JDE deal. As previously stated, we'll use a majority of the cash proceeds to buy back shares. We now anticipate the transaction will be EPS neutral to slightly accretive in 2016, reflecting fewer than expected shares repurchased due to the increase in our stock price as well as JDE's expected divestitures to satisfy European regulators. Two weeks ago we also completed the acquisition of a controlling interest in the Kinh Do snacks business in Vietnam. In addition to leveraging Kinh Do's iconic brands and leading positions in biscuits and mooncakes, we'll invest to introduce our Power Brands into their broad distribution network covering 130,000 outlets. With the completion of the coffee transaction, on a pro forma basis snacks now represent nearly 85% of our revenue, up from 75%. This will enable us to further optimize our capital allocation and focus on accelerating the growth of our key franchises. As you can see on slide 7, biscuits and chocolate now make up nearly 70% of our revenue, with gum and candy at about 15%. Post-coffee, our beverages segment is now composed entirely of powdered beverages and will represent about 6% of revenue. Finally, cheese and grocery is about 10% of sales with a little less than half of the business in Europe. So let's turn to our Q2 performance. We delivered organic revenue growth of 4.3%. Similar to the first quarter, higher pricing drove our top line growth as we raised prices to recover higher input costs, including the impact of currency. As we've discussed before, this protects profits and enables us to continue to invest in our brands and innovation platforms. As expected, vol/mix continued to be soft due to elasticity as well as the impact of a number of strategic decisions we took to improve revenue mix. In aggregate these strategic decisions were a 60-basis point drag on vol/mix in Q2, and for the full year we expect them to be a 100 basis point headwind. In addition, the shift of Easter-related shipments into Q1 had a negative impact of about 50 basis points. Finally, to complete our revenue profile, Power Brands grew more than 6.5%. Emerging markets were up nearly 10%, with the BRIC countries also up about 10%. Finally, developed markets grew nearly a point. Turning now to our results by region, Latin America was up nearly 20% driven by the inflationary economies in Venezuela and Argentina. Brazil was up low single digits, as we priced to recover the inflation impact of a weaker real on input costs. In addition, Brazil slowed sequentially as the weak macro environment led to a significant deceleration in our categories. As you know, the Brazilian economy has been soft for some time. As a result, we've been closely monitoring and managing inventory levels so that we have no significant destocking surprises. We're pleased that our shares have held up well, and we'll continue to make the appropriate investments to drive further share gains. That said, Brazil's slowdown is an area we'll continue to watch closely in the second half, as we don't see any short-term catalyst for category improvement. Our EEMEA region grew 7%. As in the first quarter, this was primarily due to pricing. Our momentum in Russia continued with revenue up more than 20%. This growth was driven by pricing in response to the sharp devaluation of the ruble. Despite significantly higher prices however, vol/mix was flat as we increased brand support and expanded distribution. Performance was strong across all categories. Asia-Pacific was up 3%. We were pleased with the performance in China where growth accelerated to more than 20% behind strong execution in both biscuits and gum. India revenue growth was soft due to continued price elasticity in chocolate. India's another market that we're watching closely as we move through the second half. We're keeping a sharp eye on inventory levels as we increase A&C investment to help accelerate category growth. In North America revenue grew modestly behind improved biscuits growth in the U.S. We expect improved revenue growth in the second half as increased A&C and our new low-cost capacity comes online. Europe was also up modestly. Coffee posted strong growth as we increased trade inventories to ensure a smooth transition to JDE. As expected, however, Europe's ongoing business remained soft. Similar to Q1, vol/mix was pressured as strategic decisions to improve revenue mix tempered Europe's volumes, especially in chocolate, while the Easter shift also created a 60-basis point headwind. In addition, chocolate continued to be affected by negative volume elasticity as competitor pricing actions announced earlier in the year are not yet fully reflected on shelf. We anticipate revenue trends in Europe will improve in the second half as price gaps narrow and as our brands benefit from increased A&C support. Turning to our categories, year-to-date our snacks categories grew about 4.5% globally. Including beverages and cream cheese, our categories were up more than 5%. Our organic growth was about a point below that, again, reflecting the impact of our strategic decisions to improve revenue mix. While our financial results in the first half were strong, our year-to-date share performance is not where we want it to be. Only 45% of our revenue gained or held share, reflecting some sizable price gaps remaining in our categories, especially chocolate. Let's take a closer look at each category. The biscuits category grew more than 5.5% year-to-date. Our biscuits revenue growth was solid up nearly 5%, with strong performances in China, Brazil and Russia. Share performance was also strong with nearly two-thirds of revenue gaining or holding, including increases in both cookies and crackers in the U.S. Finally, Power Brands grew high single digits year-to-date, led by continued strength from Oreo, TUC, Club Social and Barni. Turning to chocolate, the category grew nearly 5% year-to-date, while our revenue was up only modestly. This was largely due to our performance in Europe, which accounts for about half of our global chocolate revenue. This also affected our share, with only about 25% of revenue gaining or holding. Although we typically don't cite short-term data, we are seeing some green shoots in our most recent share performance, reflecting the benefits of selected A&C increases as well as narrowing price gaps. In the U.K., for example, we captured more than two share points in the most recent four-week period. And in Germany, excluding the impact of some strategic decisions to exit low margin revenue, we increased share through higher marketing support and selective trade investments. In emerging markets, our year-to-date Chocolate revenue was up mid-single digits. In Russia, chocolate growth was strong, largely due to currency-driven price increases, but vol/mix was up as well. Share performance was also strong. In Brazil, year-to-date revenue growth has been solid and we continue to gain share, although, as I mentioned earlier, the category slowed in Q2 in response to the macro environment. In India, chocolate revenue was soft, as consumers have been slow to adapt to the higher prices we implemented last year. In each of our key chocolate markets, we expect revenue growth and share performance to continue to improve in the second half, as price gaps narrow further and as we step up A&C investments. Finally, in Gum and Candy, the category was up less than 2% year-to-date, but our revenue increased over 6.5%, with both gum and candy up mid-single digits, fueled by the launch of Trident in China, and by strong Halls' growth in the U.S. In sum, we're pleased with our solid top-line growth in the quarter, and with the early indicators of share improvement in response to increased A&C support. Let me now turn it over to Brian to provide an update on our margin expansion and earnings growth.
Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Irene, and good morning. As Irene highlighted, our Q2 results again demonstrate our ability to execute across multiple fronts of our transformation agenda, with great results in reducing costs, expanding margins and investing in growth. Starting with slide 11, you can see that adjusted gross margin increased 330 basis points in the second quarter, to more than 40%. Productivity drove more than half of the improvement, continuing our momentum from the first quarter and the second half of last year. In the quarter, we delivered strong net productivity of more than 3% of COGS, or about $175 million, which continues to be a record level of productivity for us, and benchmarks well versus peers. In addition, mark-to-market contribute 150 basis points to the margin expansion, as we adjusted the value of our currency and commodity positions that don't qualify for hedge accounting. Adjusted OI margin was up 270 basis points, to 15.2%. We took the opportunity to re-invest a portion of the cost savings into additional A&C spending to support top-line growth and market shares. As a result, A&C spending in the quarter grew double-digits on a constant currency basis, up 60 basis points as a percentage of revenue, to more than 9%. Consistent with our plans to deliver both top tier revenue growth and margin expansion, we'll continue to invest some of the additional cost savings into high ROI initiatives. As a result, we expect A&C spending to continue to increase as a percentage of revenue in the second half. We'll talk more about this when we present at the Back-to-School Conference in early September. As you can see on slide 12, we expanded adjusted OI margins in all but one region. North America's margin was up modestly, as we re-invested some of the productivity in overhead savings into higher marketing and merchandising support. Margins in Europe, Latin America, and Asia-Pacific were up sharply, driven by strong productivity and overhead leverage, which also fueled increased A&C spending in these regions. In EEMEA, adjusted OI margin was down 120 basis points as we continued to price to recover currency-driven input cost inflation in Russia and the Ukraine. Considering the massive dislocation we saw in these markets in the first months of the year, we have made solid progress here in rebuilding our margins. Adjusted EPS was $0.47 per share, up nearly 38% on a constant currency basis. Operating gains accounted for $0.06 of the increase, despite the impact of approximately $0.04 of higher A&C spending. The year-over-year change in mark-to-market accounting accounted for the other $0.06. Below the operating line, lower interest expense and outstanding shares each added $0.02, while a higher tax rate was a penny drag. After accounting for the $0.08 currency headwind, adjusted EPS was still up more than 17%. On slide 14, you can see that we returned $2.7 billion of capital to our shareholders in the first half. We purchased $2.2 billion of stock, more than 58 million shares, at an average price of a little more than $37 a share. This increased level of buyback reflects our ability to pull in a substantial portion of our planned buyback related to the coffee proceeds as we leverage the hedge gains of about $1 billion related to the transaction. In addition, we increased our share repurchase authorization program by $6 billion to a total of $13.7 billion and extended the expiration by two years through 2018. As a result, we can purchase up to $6.9 billion of stock over the next three and a half years. We also paid nearly $500 million in dividends in the first half. In addition, last week we announced a 13% increase in our regular quarterly dividend to $0.17 a share, reflecting our continued confidence in delivering on our long-term commitments. Let's turn to our outlook for the year. Now that the coffee transaction is complete we'll give you a sense for what to expect for the remainder of the year. As you've seen through the first half, our ongoing business has been performing above our previous outlook. In our updated outlook we continue that momentum. There's several moving parts and we've provide on slide 15 the key elements of our outlook. To help you determine the appropriate comparative historical financial results to use, earlier today we issued an 8-K with pro forma adjusted financials by quarter for 2014 and the first half of 2015. The adjustments primarily involved moving our higher margin coffee business out of our reported operating income and reclassifying the after-tax income to below OI using the equity method. This is also how we'll record our portion of the after-tax earnings from JDE going forward. Let's start with our revenue outlook. For the second half we expect organic growth of at least 3% versus the second half 2014 revenue base of $15.2 billion, which excludes coffee. This target reflects the underlying momentum of our ongoing business, which was up 3.2% in the first half. So for the full year this implies organic growth of at least 3%. That's up from our previous target of at least 2%, which included coffee for the full year. On an apples-to-apples basis, this is an increase in our revenue guidance. In addition, we expect a better balance between price and vol/mix in the second half as price gaps narrow, as our share performance improves, as we increase our A&C spending, and as we lap the impact of our strategic decisions to exit lower margin businesses. Currency, however, will continue to be a sizable headwind. Based on current spot rates especially with the continued weakening of the euro, we estimate currency will have a negative impact of approximately 11 percentage points in the second half. Turning to margin, in the second half we expect to deliver adjusted OI margin of at least 14%, despite stepping up A&C spending and absorbing a number of headwinds related to the coffee divestiture. That's up from 12.6% in the second half of last year. On an apples-to-apples basis, this reflects a margin upside for our ongoing business which offsets both the coffee impacts and higher A&C investment. As I said earlier, we're making good progress in building sustainable momentum in the execution of our supply chain reinvention program and in reducing overheads. Through the first six months we've delivered strong net productivity even before realizing any meaningful benefits from the new state-of-the-art assets that are now coming on stream. As discussed at CAGNY, in addition to the four lines that are up and running now in our Salinas, Mexico biscuit facility, in the coming months we have new high-speed and lower-cost production lines being installed in the U.S., in Europe, in India, China and in other markets. As expected, we should begin to see the benefits from these new lines in the second half. And yesterday we announce a $130 million investment to install an additional four biscuit lines in Salinas, replacing nine older inefficient lines in our Chicago biscuit plant. We expect these new lines to be on-stream in mid-2016. In terms of overheads, cost as a percentage of revenue are also down in the first half. In fact, in each of the indirect cost packages we highlighted at CAGNY, we're delivering savings that are on, or better than target, and so we're increasing our cost reduction expectations. We're also on track with respect to our migration to global shared services, which will simplify and streamline our back office processes and better leverage our scale. Our shared services initiatives will begin to provide savings next year. Cost reductions in our ongoing business will more than offset the dilutive impacts of three items surrounding the coffee deal. First, the coffee business we divested has a higher margin than our ongoing business. In 2014 the coffee business had an adjusted OI margin of approximately 17% versus about 13% for the total company. Second, the divestiture results in some stranded overheads, while the dilutive effect of stranded costs will be more pronounced in the third quarter, this impact is temporary. We expect to fully offset the impacts with additional cost reductions by the end of the year. Third, and in conjunction with the creation of the coffee JV, we've reclassified after-tax income related to joint ventures in which we have a minority interest from above operating income to below the line to be consistent with how we account for equity earnings from JDE. The largest of these is our Korean coffee-related JV. Together these three items are expected to pressure margins in the second half by 75 basis points to 100 basis points. Despite these margin impacts from the transaction, we continue to expect adjusted OI margin to expand significantly for the full year, from a pro forma adjusted margin of 12% in 2014, we expect to deliver pro forma adjusted OI margin of approximately 14% in 2015, excluding a temporary negative impact of 20 basis points to 30 basis points from stranded costs. Importantly, with momentum from our supply chain and overhead cost savings programs, we're increasingly confident in our ability to deliver adjusted OI margin of 15% to 16% in 2016. Now turning to EPS, we continue to expect to deliver double-digit adjusted EPS growth on a constant currency basis for the full year, versus a 2014 adjusted EPS baseline of $1.75. The margin expansion in our ongoing business is anticipated to drive the bulk of the increase while lower interest expense and a lower share count are also expected to provide some benefit. These benefits will be partially offset by the dilution related to the coffee divestiture. We do expect our year-over-year margin and EPS growth to be more fourth quarter weighted given that in Q3 we'll have a more pronounced impact from stranded costs from front loading A&C spending and from an expected year-over-year mark-to-market headwind. Our currency headwind estimate for the year is unchanged at $0.33. With respect to JDE, to estimate our total adjusted EPS you'll need to be able to estimate the JV's net income. However, since it's a private company that we don't control, disclosure regarding its financial results will be somewhat limited. On slide 20 we've provided a framework for JDE's income statement. Now looking at how we'll use the cash proceeds from the coffee deal. At closing we received 3.8 billion of cash, which we hedged at the time of the agreement in May 2014. So effectively we received approximately $5.2 billion. We're returning about $2.9 billion via increased share buybacks, about $900 million of which we pulled into the first half of the year. We'll deploy the remaining $2 billion over the next 12 months. We'll use approximately $1.6 billion to pay down commercial paper. And we'll use the remaining $700 million for other corporate purposes, including funding the Kinh Do deal. For your convenience we've summarized the elements of our updated earnings outlook on slide 22. In addition, let me provide you with a few other items to help you update your financial models. With respect to interest expense, given that commercial paper is a low-cost form of financing, the paydown of $1.6 billion of CP is not expected to have a meaningful impact on our interest expense in the second half. As a result, we still anticipate interest expense to be around $375 million in the back half, and $750 million for the year. We expect our tax rate to be in the high-teens in the second half, down from a pro forma adjusted rate of nearly 25% in the first half, due to reductions in statutory rates in certain countries. For the year, we expect our pro forma tax rate to be in the low 20's. We're also increasing our free cash flow outlook for our ongoing business by about $400 million. This is driven by our strong year-to-date margin performance and continued solid working capital management. This increase, however, is more than offset by the divestiture of the coffee business. So to wrap up, we delivered strong first half results with top tier margin expansion and earnings growth, while also stepping up investments to support future growth and improve market share. Our updated 2015 outlook reflects this momentum, as well as the opportunity to fund additional A&C support, while absorbing the dilutive impact of the coffee transaction. As a result, we're confident we can continue to build upon this momentum and deliver our 2016 adjusted OI margin target of 15% to 16%. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, everyone. There are some moving pieces within annual guidance. So I'm just hoping maybe you can help us quantify some of the changes on an apples-to-apples basis, excluding coffee. And you gave some of this directionally already. I appreciate that. But just hoping we can get some numbers, I guess, on like-for-like sales, margins? How that guidance is changing?
Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Ken, Sure. There are quite a few moving pieces. I guess I'd start  I mean, clearly, a strong first half by almost any financial metric, and we're ahead of our outlook for the first half on both growth and margins. I guess the simple answer is, we're increasing net organic revenue outlook from 2% plus to 3% plus, and we think that's a prudent increase given what we're seeing in the markets today. On OI margins, we're still at about 14% for the year, and basically offsetting the dilution in the coffee transaction with underlying margins really improving. So, our year-over-year OI margin improvement is now about 170 basis points. And when you go back to our original outlook, the prior 14% was an improvement year-over-year of 110 basis points. So, I think that's one of the ways to look at this and feel good about the outlook that we've just given. And then hanging on, obviously, despite the dilution to double-digit adjusted EPS growth at constant currency. Those, I think, are the big elements at a very high level. Happy to get more into the mechanics if you want, but I think those are the headlines.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: No, we can follow up after. Thanks very much.
Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, everybody.
Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: If I'm hearing you guys correctly, it sort of sounds like you've reached a point where you have the margin sort of flywheel going, so to speak, and are now more comfortable gearing up spending maybe to drive a better balance right between the top-line and margin. So, if I have that right, in light of that, is it too early to talk about what you see as the right longer term EBIT margin? Is 15% to 16% the right level, with upside from there going to the top-line? Is there potentially still more there, even with the increased A&C spending? I'm trying to get a better sense of that, and then I've got a quick follow-up.
Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, yeah. Look, I think, Andrew, we're increasingly confident as we move through the year and see the execution here both in the margins, and I think we feel great about the ability to begin to put some investment on the A&C side, behind growth. I think as we move through the year and, obviously, we'll give you an updated outlook for next year as we get into the first part of the year, will probably give you a sense for where we go from there. But as we've talked about, there clearly are continued margin opportunities beyond what we see for 2015 to 2016. As we look at the supply chain reinvention and restructuring activities that are going on, we would expect to have further margin opportunities. And I think it really comes down to striking that balance between growth and margin. And we want to retain some of that flexibility to strike that balance, depending upon how the market plays out.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. And then a quick follow-up, I think on the last call, Irene, you may have talked about raising promotional activity in 2Q, specifically in chocolate in Europe, as the competitor price increases probably wouldn't really hit until the third quarter. And I think the gap between Chocolate category and Mondelez' growth in the quarter was still quite wide. So, I guess I'm just trying to get a sense of, would you have expected better share performance in the 2Q, given some of the additional spending you were going to do? And, if so, I guess, what caused the gap to still be as wide as it was?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, actually, Andrew, Q2 played out pretty much as we has expected, in Europe. There's no question, we're continuing to feel the impact of having led price. We're seeing volume elasticity and share play out essentially the way we had thought. And as I mentioned in my script, in the second quarter we did increase some promotional and A&C support in markets like the U.K. and Germany, and we are starting to see some responses there. But don't forget that Europe is really the main place where the strategic decisions have an impact, and that's about a 60 basis point impact to top-line, as well as Europe has a disproportionately large Easter business, and that's about 50 basis points on the top-line. So, the combination of those two things need to be added back to the overall performance. So net-net, we're not entirely pleased yet with our performance in Europe, but it is playing out, essentially, the way we had expected. And we do expect back half to see stronger performance as price gaps narrow, as we start to see our competitor pricing playing through in the marketplace, and as we reinvest some of our savings into more A&C support.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks very much.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you. Definitely positive news to know that you feel comfortable re-investing in A&C; I think that there's been several months of conservatism there. Can you quantify how much you're raising that for the year, in dollar terms? And then also, can you give me a sense of like  there's some geographies that you've talked about where you really are warning that the categories might take a turn for the worse because of macro factors. And, in the past, I think Mondelez has had trouble bending that trend. I can think of China, a couple years ago, as a point in fact. So, are you going to spend that money to protect and gain share, or are you going to try to drive category growth? And, if so, isn't that a much tougher kind of task?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Actually, Rob, we're not going to provide numbers on our spending for the full year. What we did say is that we had a significant increase in the quarter. It's actually up double-digits year-over-year. And we're going to continue to strike a balance between places where we want to make sure that we're protecting share until price gaps narrow, places like the U.K. and Germany, but we're also spending money in markets like the U.S. biscuit market. And we were pleased to see, in the second quarter, a change in trend there. That market had been quite slow, and we started to see growth coming back there. So, it will be a balance. The operative thought here is to make sure that we're getting good ROI. But in markets I talked about, Brazil and India, I would say, given the dynamics in Brazil, it's probably going to be much more about share protection. In a market like India, we're about 65% of the category. And we believe that, therefore, our spending can help to stimulate the consumer acceptance of the higher price points. So it's a balance. But net-net, it gives us great confidence that we should see, as we make these investments, we should see improvement in our revenue rate of revenue growth, as well as our share performance.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Chris.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. I just had two questions for you, if I could please. I wanted to ask about the gross margin. I think, with some of the disclosure you've given in the release and in the slides, roughly half the benefit came from productivity, roughly half from the mark-to-market. I guess I'm trying to understand like, from an underlying basis pricing volume, was there a benefit to the gross margin? And then, related to that, productivity savings, when you cite productivity savings, are those inclusive of the Salinas plant, for example, some of the lines of the future? Are you incorporating that in when you talk productivity?
Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Chris, so the two things we talked about, we're not going to fully parse the gross margin for you, but productivity, it ends up being about 180 basis point help in the quarter. We talked about market-to-market 150 basis points, so the two of those are about the number. The reality is there's some other smaller things moving around. And when you look at price net of commodities within the quarter, we saw positive dollar impact there, but it would've been negative on the margin rate, not enough price to offset the full impact of commodity inflation in the rate. So that's the dynamic. We would be in the quarter actually absorbing start-up costs related to the start-up of some of these lines. So for the most part, the new lines would be a headwind to gross margins, a modest one, not a big one at this point. Okay?
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, that's very good color. Thank you. And I guess I just have one overall question, maybe a big picture question, Irene. Looking at some of the emerging markets, we've heard some disclosure on India and Brazil, and one in particular that's gotten a lot of interest has been China. I know you've gone through an issue there a year or 18 months ago. And I just wanted to get a better sense in that market. It sounds like you're watching inventory levels closely. Just how consumption trends are perhaps changing and how consumption overall is holding up in that market?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, look, we know that some of our peers have had some challenges. We had challenges of our own, as you recall, back in 2013, and we very quickly have addressed them. We've taken a number of steps, aside from very closely monitoring inventory versus consumption, as you said. We've invested quite significantly in category growth in biscuits as well as in our innovation platforms. So we've invested behind Oreo, behind the launch of Oreo Thins, which has been off to a terrific start. We've seen very nice improvement in our shares as a result of that, and we're seeing the biscuit category is starting to improve after quite some time of being essentially flat. We're also launching our belVita product as we speak, and that will have a nice impact. So a lot of the good work that's going on in China is our opportunity to control our own destiny by making sure that we have the adequate spending behind our franchises, as well as adequate strong innovation platforms. On the gum side I'm quite pleased with the performance. Stride continues to do well. We continue to innovate behind that franchise in terms of the launch of bottles and Stride Layers, but we also just recently introduced Trident into the market and it's off to a very strong start. So we're cautiously optimistic. We're continuing to keep our eye very closely on the dynamic in the market. But I think we've got our hands firmly on the key levers that will help to fuel our business.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And do you see eCommerce sales becoming an issue for consumption and the patterns of consumption for consumers in that market?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I actually don't see it as an issue, I see it as an opportunity. And we're continuing  we'll be talking about that more at our Back-to-School Conference. We're continuing to see some very nice growth in our eCommerce business, particularly in markets like China.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Look forward to that. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I wanted to pick up on some of the questions on chocolate. Irene, you mentioned some optimism on share improvement with price gap scenario in the back half of the year. Can you talk about the progression on price gaps through the quarter and whether or not you've seen some of those narrow into Q end?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, without a doubt some of the actions that we took particularly in Europe and particularly in the U.K. and Germany have helped to narrow some of those gaps as well as, as we see our competitor pricing coming through in markets like Germany, that also helps to narrow the gap. So I want to back up a little bit. In aggregate we had very strong performance in our emerging markets, up mid-single digits. The challenge, as I've said, has been in Europe, and again it's in large measure due to the fact that we led pricing, we took some fairly sizable increases in response to both commodities as well as ForEx. And we do expect improvement in the second half as we  as our competitor pricing comes through and as we start to continue to make investments in A&C.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. That's helpful. And yeah, Europe, especially when we strip out coffee, with this AK restatement looks surprisingly soft. Can you talk maybe about the grocery business and its contribution? We've heard a lot on the snack portfolio, not a lot on just the core cheese and grocery business. Can you talk about how that's performing both in Europe and abroad? And how you're seeing that performance change after the decision to sort of operationally carve it out at least in Europe? I think that was some point last year.
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, first, Jason, again, let me remind you, as you look at our Europe, we're not satisfied with our European revenue performance. But remember, it's got an Easter headwind, it's got the impact of some of the decisions we made to improve revenue mix as well as the elasticity. So it's got some other factors in there that are causing the overall performance. But that said, we're not pleased with it and we are expecting, given the investments that we're making as well as the closure of price gaps in the course of the back half. We should see some improvement. Cheese and groceries is actually performing quite well. The margins are good, the cash flow is good. We had solid growth in the quarter as well as year-to-date. Our Philadelphia brand is performing exceptionally well, it was up high single digits. So we're feeling quite good about that business.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's great. Thanks a lot. I'll pass it on.
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning; everyone.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hey, Matthew.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Just two questions, Brian, I wanted to follow up on the revenue outlook and some of the potential swing factors there. Obviously we talked a lot about some of the key emerging markets. But I think you're also moving into a second phase of VVB (45:41), which could include some incremental focus on head count. So just curious, are you building in any operational conservatism or expectation of disruption into the second half sales outlook for that reason?
Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Look, I think as we look at the top line, it's a prudent plan. I think we've got  as we called out a couple markets that we have a little bit of concern about. And we've obviously taken a little bit more of a prudent view because of that. I would also say in general the transformation continues, and whether it's supply chain reinvention and potential challenges that might come as we rationalize our planned footprint, invest in new capacity, or whether it's the broader activities around shared services and the impact that that's going to have, those are things that continue as we move over the next 18 months even 24 months. So clearly those are the two things that I would call out as we think about that revenue guidance of 3% plus.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. But not necessarily something you would call out as being an expected source of near-term volatility?
Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No. We're managing it.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then just a  Irene, as we think about the continued volatility in some of your key emerging markets again, could you just remind us where your capabilities stand right now, and what you've done over the course of the past year or two in terms of tracking inventory levels, managing them closely, and sort of being able to quickly respond to any rapid changes that may occur in category growth from here?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Matthew, as we've shared with you, we've made significant changes in the templates that we use to manage the business as well as the training that we're giving to our colleagues in the individual markets. And so we've got great visibility. We look at the business on a monthly basis, and we've got the KPIs that are critical to our success. Those are the ones that we're monitoring. So I feel very good that we've got our finger on the pulse of the business, and we've got much greater visibility into the various levels of demand as well as the execution against that.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you both.
Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Matthew.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Bryan.
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Two quick ones for me. First, Brian, on the margin outlook for 2015 for the full year, does it assume that the mark-to-market benefit that you've had year-to-date reverses itself, so it's essentially neutral for the year? Or does it assume that we hang on to some of the benefit for the full year?
Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hard to predict, Bryan. I would say as we think about the second half, it's relatively modest. We see, as we've said, relative to the third quarter we've got year-over-year challenges given some favorability last year. But as we look at the rest of the year, not a big swinger, not a big swinger at this point.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Not a big swinger for the full year or the second half? Because it's had an effect on the first half. That's what I was trying to understand whether or not it's kind of where when we end the year, do we end the year with a mark-to-market benefit that we didn't expect when the year started?
Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I would say we'll have a slight mark-to-market benefit for the total year. Yeah.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right, got it. Thank you. And then the second one, Irene, as you've had the opportunity and made the decision to re-invest some of the margin upside in advertising and in A&C, has the category, the change that you made last year to a more category-led model, has that framework given you more confidence in the ability to invest, where to invest, what to invest in? Just trying to get a sense for how that has had an impact, or if it has had an impact, on some of the decision-making and the effectiveness of that spending.
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Without a doubt, Bryan. Frankly, it's also the answer as a follow-up to Matthew's questions. We're continuing to build capabilities, particularly in our emerging markets. And this category structure is helping to ensure that we transfer the knowledge. So, without a doubt, I have greater confidence in the launch of belVita in China, because the guy who's launching it actually came out of Europe, where it was a fabulous success. And so, as we look at each of our businesses, the ability to transfer that knowledge is a key driver, not only of the learning, but also of some of the material. So, I think you'll continue to see us expanding our proven platforms more aggressively as a result of the new model, as well as capturing the learning from one market to the other.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hey, Eric.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: A couple of questions. I guess, let's talk about the top-line. Maybe a little bit of a follow-up to Bryan's question. I think, Irene, that you had said or you had thought that the categories were kind of strengthening. And yet, the data that you show basically says, in sales, total snacks was up 4.4% in the first quarter, and for the year, or year-to-date, it's up 4.5%. And I assume that there's a fair amount of FX-led pricing going on. So, from a volume/mix perspective, do you still feel that the categories globally are strengthening? Or just maybe you could kind of give a sense there. And then I have a follow-up.
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. No, as you can see from our overall results, Eric, the big driver of our revenue is, in fact, pricing and mix. And so, there's no question that volume is not where we need it to be. A big part of the investment that we'll be making, that we've begun to make in the second quarter and we'll be making through the balance of this year is designed to get our volume momentum back. So we expect that  we had told you that we expected vol/mix in the second quarter to be weak because of the Easter shift, as well as the elasticities. We should start to see that strengthen in the back half the year.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, Brian, I guess, can you give some updates on like CapEx, not just this year, but next year? The $1.8 billion that I think you threw out at CAGNY kind of surprised me. And the roughly $1 billion dollars of cash cost for the latest restructuring this year, next year. Are those still like good numbers, or as you've kind of gotten more experienced within Mondelez, are there any changes maybe for the  on the right side of it?
Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Look, I think we said 5% is sort of the target in the mid-term, given all of the things we're doing with the plants. That's really what the $1.8 billion is. I think as we  one of the things you saw probably in the deck is that, as we take coffee out that takes about $100 million out. So, the number for the year is still about $1.7 billion. As I've said, and I think I've said at CAGNY, I mean, this should be the peak year, as a percentage of revenue and on a dollar basis. And we'll start moving down as we move through the execution of the supply chain reinvention activity. So, no real change to that. I think we're being thoughtful. We're adjusting that based on some of the volume trends that you've seen. In terms of capacity that drives volume, versus investment in productivity programs that may be accelerating some of the productivity opportunities. And that's part of what I think you see play out. On the restructuring, no real change. We're progressing through that, and that's part of the  obviously driving some of the overhead savings that you're seeing in the results. And this is, on the restructuring from a cash standpoint, this is the big year as well. 2015 will be the biggest year.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I thought it was  or the last time I asked or we checked, it was like $1 billion this year, or $1 billion next year, and then like $500 million in cash, in 2017. Has that changed a bit?
Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It'll be bigger this year, and come down next year. Yeah.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Okay. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citi Research.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you, and good morning.
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, David.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hey, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Can you talk a little bit about the pricing dynamic in Latin America? And I think pricing here came in well above the foreign exchange effect. This is unusual, at least from my point of view, from a lot of other companies. We would normally see pricing up to some degree, but it usually never matches the percentages that you see on FX in the impact, because most companies are trying to offset the margin impacts rather than the revenue impacts. Are you getting actual pricing that's just net positive to the margin structure in Latin America?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The answer is yes. There is a timing impact, as you would imagine, although I would say we've gotten a lot better about executing pricing actions. We used to price once a year. Now we're pricing far more frequently, particularly in a number of the more volatile markets. But for the most part, we are pricing to recover our cost increases, and you're seeing that play through in the margins, as well as in the revenue.
Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And you would see other quarters where it would be the other way and you gotta catch up. That's really the dynamic.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. So maybe that's what I'm missing here. Part of this is a catch-up, versus prior quarters where it just wasn't as good. Would you think that this kind of dynamic that we see today in the second quarter, does it continue in the back half?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, again, I think you're going to continue to see us in a number of the markets, particularly Venezuela and Argentina, you're going to see us continue to try to keep pace with the inflationary impact. In markets like Brazil, we want to just manage the impact of the pricing that we have taken year-to-date, because we still have some sizable price gaps, and we've had a decelerating impact, as I mentioned, on our category performance. So, we're going to continue to monitor that and to make sure we're investing adequately behind the franchises.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I had a couple little ones here. On FX, your outlook is unchanged, but, of course, you had the coffee divestiture, which was European, et cetera. So, why doesn't the FX change post the coffee divestiture? And, also, same question kind of on the tax rate. Why doesn't the tax rate change post the divestiture of this big European business?
Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, the euro has come down a bit, I think is the offset to the coffee change. That's the dynamic that's playing out. And what was your second question again, David? I'm sorry.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): So the tax rate, you've got this big divestiture and the tax rate doesn't change, but I feel like it perhaps should. Because as you take this big piece out, the residual mix of businesses should cause a change in tax rates as you add them all together. So maybe it's a 2016 or 2017 question. I don't know how, but I feel as if it's something potentially important.
Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I mean, given the exposures of where the coffee business is, I mean, it would have a lower tax rate. So, when you take that out, you would expect it to go up a little bit. What we've got playing out in this outlook is really some specific countries where statutory rates have moved and some discrete items that we see in front of us. So, that's what's keeping it low. Over the longer-term, we'll give you visibility to that as we move through the year.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Last question; is there a synergy number that you can give us for the new coffee joint venture? Is it significant? And what's the rate of growth that you would expect on this joint venture line going forward?
Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I mean, it's a private company. And with our partners, we're not going to disclose a lot about that.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard of Bernstein.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, there. Can I ask about India to begin with? You didn't quantify just how much sales were down. I'm assuming that they were down perhaps this time around. And maybe just a little bit of color on what's happening out there and when it might get back into recovery. And then as a quick follow-up, the margin outlook in EEMEA, it was down 120 basis points this quarter. When do you expect the pricing to adjust so that that might turn itself around? Thank you.
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, EEMEA, a simple answer is, there has been some dislocation with the rapid devaluation of the currencies, and we should start to see that moderate as the year progresses. So that's an easy one. Let's come back to the India question. Let me clarify that. India is growing. It's just growing at a slower rate than it had been. So I want to be very clear. It's not a problem. It's just we'd like to see it get back up to the high single digit, double digit rates that it had been growing at since we acquired the Cadbury business. There's no question that the actions that we took in response to the devaluation of the rupee as well as the impact of higher cocoa costs has impacted the market. We not only have seen our gaps widen, but we also have crossed some critical price thresholds. And so the intent of our investments back in the chocolate category in India are designed to help to mitigate some of that and help the Indian consumer over the hump. We've also taken a number of steps to help our price pack architecture in the market so that we are covering various points on the price spectrum. So net-net, India continues to be a market of great importance and interest to us. It's got a nice, growing middle class, very low per capita consumption of chocolate, and we expect it to be a growth engine for the future.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Alexia.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you very much for letting me have my question. Let me just ask more of a qualitative question. It was asked a little bit, but just trying to get into this idea of the 15% to 16% margins. After you achieve the 15% to 16% margins, what are the opportunities within your portfolio? Like how will you direct your efforts to reconfigure your operating margins? Is it more of the same? Is there different facilities? Is it different regions? Is it different products? Can you just give us some qualitative view of where you're going to go strategically after you hit the 15% to 16% margins?
Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, I'll give you a little bit of the dynamics and maybe Irene can answer strategically. As we talked about the restructuring supply chain reinvention, I mean that's an activity that will go through 2018. So this is one where 15% to 16% is what we're calling for 2016, but the reality is there will be continued cost opportunities and margin opportunities beyond 2016. As I said earlier, I think we want to maintain the flexibility to balance really growth with the margins that we drive in the business. And being able to re-invest is a  it's nice that we're really getting that opportunity right now to begin to do that. We expect to do that more. And driving a better balance between top line growth and volume growth, and the quality of that top line, along with higher margins, there's clearly continued opportunity to do that beyond 2015 to 2016.
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: But you know Ken, a lot of the productivity, as we shared with you, a lot of the productivity that we're driving as we speak, the record net productivity that we just delivered in this quarter and for the first half is before the impact of our supply chain reinvention investments, which, as we've shared with you, has a sizable impact on variable costs. In addition, a lot of the tools that are driving that productivity, things like integrated Lean Six Sigma are the tools that will enable us to continue to benefit from productivity as we look ahead. So we've got good tools in place that should become the foundation for the future performance, and gives us great confidence as we look into 2016 and beyond that our margin performance will continue to be quite strong.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Do you think that you will  it seems like there's a long way before you get to your natural limit on your margins. Is that a fair commentary?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well I think it's fair to say that we  we have great visibility to continued improvement in our margins. As we've shared with you, though, we want to continue to make sure as we think about how much of that will drop to the bottom line, it's all predicated on our balance between our top line and our bottom line. And we'll continue to share that with you as we move ahead.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you very much.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President-Investor Relations: Operator, that's our last call. This is Dexter. If you have any questions going forward, happy to take them today over the next few days, and thank you for joining our call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Dexter Congbalay  Vice President, Investor Relations Irene Rosenfeld  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brian Gladden  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Andrew Lazar  Barclays David Palmer  RBC Capital Markets Chris Growe  Stifel Ken Goldman  JPMorgan Rob Moskow  Credit Suisse Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank Ken Zaslow  Bank of Montreal David Driscoll  Citi Jason English  Goldman Sachs Alexia Howard  Bernstein Rob Dickerson  Consumer Edge
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Mondelez International First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last for about an hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dexter Congbalay, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez International. Please go ahead, sir.
Dexter Congbalay: Good morning. Thanks for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and Brian Gladden, our CFO. Earlier today we sent out our earnings release in today's slides which are available on our website, MondelezInternational.com. As you know, during this call we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our form 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thank you, Dexter. Good morning. As you know, 2015 is a year of big change for us and we're off to a solid start. We've continued to make good progress in a challenging environment by focusing on what we can control. This includes executing our transformation agenda, prioritizing margin expansion, and strong constant currency earnings growth while delivering solid revenue growth. Specifically, organic net revenue grew 3.8% driven by pricing actions to recover currency driven input cost increases. We significantly expanded adjusted operating income margins, up 160 basis points to 13.8%. Importantly, adjusted gross margin contributed more than half of the increase while lower overheads contributed the rest. Adjusted EPS was $0.41 up nearly 26% on a constant currency basis, driven almost entirely by operating gains. As we discussed at CAGNY, we're executing three transformation priorities that will further leverage our advantage portfolio and geographic footprint while setting us up to deliver top-tier financial performance as global demand improves. Let me give you a quick update on each of our transformation initiatives. To further focus our portfolio on snacks, to reduce our supply chain and overhead costs, and to continue investing for growth. On the portfolio front, we expect our Jacobs Douwe Egberts coffee joint venture to close this year, likely in the third quarter. We're working to secure the necessary regulatory approvals from the European commission and are awaiting the results of the Phase II review. We anticipate closing our acquisition of Kinh Dos Biscuit business in Vietnam around mid-year and are looking forward to leveraging the growth opportunities of this attractive business. With about $175 million in sales, Kinh Do is one of the largest snack companies in Vietnam with iconic brands and leading positions in biscuits and moon cakes. Going forward we intend to accelerate its growth by introducing our power brands into its distribution network which covers 130,000 outlets. We also welcomed Enjoy Life Foods into our family last quarter. While starting from a relatively small revenue base, the company provides us with an excellent platform for future growth. We're very excited about the opportunity to leverage its strong brands and market position in fast-growing, better for you allergen-free snacks. Turning to our cost reduction programs, we're continuing to make good progress across our supply chain and in overheads. Net productivity in the quarter was very strong at more than 3.0% of cost of goods sold, building on the record rate of 2.8% we delivered last year. These productivity gains were instrumental in driving our 90 basis points improvement in adjusted gross margin. We're complementing the supply chain savings by aggressively managing overheads, leveraging the zero-base budgeting process we began about 18 months ago. This includes reducing indirect expenses, as well as streamlining infrastructure and internal processes. In fact, we've already begun to migrate some transactional processes to our new global shared service centers. As a result, we continue to reduce overheads as a percent of revenue. Of course these savings not only enable us to expand margins, but they also provide the fuel for investing in growth. As we highlighted at CAGNY, this includes investing in new advantaged assets as part of our supply chain reinvention. For example, our biscuit plant in Salinas, Mexico opened on schedule in the fourth quarter. By the end of the first half, we'll have five new lines up and running to support growth, and repatriate volume is currently co-manufactured. As you'll recall, each of these new lines gives us 1000-point margin increase over existing assets. We're also bringing on stream advantaged lines of the future at other facilities around the world. In emerging markets like India and China, as well as in Europe and the U.S. Each of these state-of-the-art lines has operating costs that are about half as much as our current lines, and runs twice as fast while taking up only a fraction of the floor space. We've also continue to invest in working media to strengthen our brand equities, backstop our pricing, and support innovation. Total advertising and consumer spending was essentially flat on a constant currency basis as we maintained marketing support particularly on our power brands. That said, as a percent of revenue A&C was down slightly as we continued to drive efficiencies in nonworking media, move more advertising to lower cost digital channels, and shifted the timing of certain marketing programs. For the remainder of the year, we expect A&C to rise modestly as we invest behind new product launches and marketing programs to drive revenue and improve share. Let's take a more detailed look at our top line results for the quarter. As you can see on slide five, organic net revenue grew 3.8% with pricing contributing 6.5 percentage points. Consistent with our strategy we've raised prices to recover higher input costs, including the impact of currency. As we've discussed previously, this protects profits and enables us to continue to invest in our people and in our key growth drivers, our brands, innovation platforms, sales and distribution capabilities, and supply chain. It's important to note that in the first quarter a significant contributor to the increase in price was the carryover benefit of pricing actions taken last year. Of course, rising prices especially when the increases are significant typically have a short-term impact on consumer demand. In Q1, vol/mix was down 2.7 percentage points due in part to elasticity. As we discussed in our earnings call last quarter, we're also experiencing the impact of some strategic decisions to improve revenue mix. These include discontinuing some low-margin customer specific product lines especially in Europe, exiting low-margin products associated with short-term brand licenses from Kraft Foods, and ongoing SKU simplification. In the quarter, these strategic decisions accounted for about 140 basis points of the decline in vol/mix. For the full-year, we expect these decisions to be about 100 basis point headwind to our organic growth, and as we've said before, this has been incorporated into our revenue guidance. Partially offsetting this headwind in Q1 is about a 50 basis points benefit from a shift of Easter-elated shipments into the first quarter. Our power brands, which represent about two-thirds of our revenue, grew nearly 6% led by OREO, chock, Club Social, and belVita biscuits, Lacta chocolate, Trident gum, Halls candy, Jacobs, Carte Noir, and Tassimo coffee. Emerging markets were up nearly 11% with the BRIC countries up double digits. Developed markets were down 0.5%. Turning now to our results by region, as you can see on slide six, Latin America and EMEA fueled by higher pricing drove much of our overall growth. Latin America was up nearly 19% driven by the inflationary economies in Venezuela and Argentina. Brazil was up nearly 10% including a meaningful contribution from vol/mix and solid growth across all categories. EMEA grew 11% primarily due to pricing in Russia and Ukraine in response to the sharp devaluation of those currencies. Despite this, vol/mix was up in both countries and share performance was solid. Russia grew mid-teens with strong growth in our two largest categories. Chocolate was up high-teens behind Alpen Gold and coffee was up over 20%. Asia-Pacific grew modestly with solid gains in China and India. China was up high single-digits driven by strong performance of both OREO and Stride gum. We continue to be encouraged by our progress, this is the third consecutive quarter of high single-digit growth there. Our team is executing well, and we're selectively investing to continue and hopefully accelerate our momentum. India was up mid-single digits as Cadbury Dairy Milk share topped 40% its highest ever. However, chocolate price increases tempered consumer demand. We expect category and revenue growth in India to improve as the year progresses, not only as we increase A&C investments but also as consumers adjust to the industry-wide price increases implanted last year. North America revenue declined modestly largely due to a change in a large customer's in-store strategy the reduced merchandising and display opportunities. Although this led to a decline in the overall biscuits category and a modest decrease in our revenue, we grew our share driven by strength in crackers. To accelerate revenue and category growth for the remainder of the year we're stepping up marketing support behind our power brands and innovation platforms, as well as increasing investments behind in-store execution. Finally Europe was down 0.6% in line with our expectations. Frankly, we expect Europe's first half to be soft as the macro environment continues to be challenging. In addition, the strategic decisions to improve revenue mix that I mentioned earlier, tempered Europe's volumes by about 200 basis points which was only partially offset by 60 point benefit due to the Easter shift. We've continued to experience some negative volume elasticity as a result of our decision to lead pricing higher input cost especially in chocolate. However, we expect this pressure to ease in the back half. Turning now to our categories, for the quarter snacks categories grew about 4.5% globally up from the low three's as we exited last year. Of course, the Easter shift helped boost growth rate somewhat including beverages cheese in grocery our categories edged closer to 5% growth. Along with overall category growth modestly improving, our share performance began to stabilize with 48% of our snacks revenues gaining or holding share in the quarter. That's up from 40% in 2014. In addition, compared to the softening trends we saw in the back half of last year, our share performance improved across almost all of our snacks categories. The biscuits category grew about 4% down from 5% last year, much of this slower growth came in North America and Europe. Our biscuits revenue grew in line with the category as we gained or held share in key markets fueled by our power brands which grew high single-digits. For example, OREO was up mid-teens driven by innovation in China and distribution gains in Brazil and Europe. Top Club Social grew more than 30% with launches of new flavors and pack sizes in Brazil. BelVita was up high single digits with strong growth in the U.S. behind the continued success of the BelVita Bites and in the U.K. with the belVita Tartine and crunchy. Turning to chocolate, the category grew 6.5%, aided by the Easter shift. Our sales only increased slightly more than 1.0% with only about 35% of our revenue gaining or holding share. The softness was due primarily to our European business which accounts for half of our global chocolate sales. We expected this knowing that a significant portion of the decline would be due to our decision to discontinue some low-margin product lines, and that we'd continue to experience some volume elasticity and share losses because we led pricing. Although we expect continued share pressure in Q2, we're encouraged to see that most of our European competitors have now begun to raise prices. As a result we expect our shares to strengthen in the back half of the year. In the meantime, we're selectively stepping up our marketing and promotional activity to narrow price gaps and regain share. In emerging markets, increase mid-single-digits and we gained or held share in our key markets. For example, in Brazil our largest Chocolate business in emerging markets, sales grew high single-digits and we increased share by about a point. In India, our second-largest emerging markets Chocolate business, although the category slowed, revenue was up mid single-digits and we held share. And in Russia and South Africa, revenue was up mid to high-teens, holding share as well. Looking ahead, as price gaps narrow and we increased marketing support in the back half of the year, we expect global chocolate revenue growth in both developed and emerging markets to accelerate and our shares to rebound. Turning to gum and candy, the category grew about 1.5% while our revenue was up nearly 6%. For the first time in a while, I'm pleased to see strong gum growth. Like chocolate our gum results are a tale of two cities. Developed markets continued to be down mid-single digits with share losses in France, Japan, and the U.S. But in emerging markets, gum was up mid-teens led by strong revenue and share performance in Brazil and China. To summarize we're very pleased with our performance in the first quarter. We delivered solid revenue growth in a challenging environment and made good progress in stabilizing our shares. We're executing our transformation agenda well, including aggressively reducing cost to expand margins and to provide the fuel to invest in our franchises to drive sustainable revenue and earnings growth. With that, let me turn it over to Brian.
Brian Gladden: Thanks, Irene. Good morning, everyone. Building on what Irene just said, we're feeling confident about our execution especially the strong progress we're making to drive down costs, expand margins, and grow earnings per share. Starting with slide eight, you can see that adjusted gross margin increased 90 basis points to 38%. Pricing, including the carryover benefit of actions taken in 2014, more than offset the increase in commodity and currency related cost inflation this allowed strong productivity of more than 3% of COGS or about $175 million to fall through. Adjusted OI margin was up 160 basis points to 13.8%. Adjusted gross margin expansion accounted for more than half of the increase, the rest was driven by lower overheads as we continued to aggressively reduce expenses by leveraging our zero-base budgeting approach and other cost saving tools. Looking at margin performance by region, you can see that North America, Europe, and Latin America drove our adjusted OI expansion. North America was up 400 basis points, more than half of this improvement was driven by strong net productivity with the remainder largely due to lower overheads. Europe was up 180 basis points as strong net productivity positively impacted adjusted gross margins. Latin America increased 120 basis points predominantly driven by overhead leverage. In contrast EMEA declined 240 basis points. The sudden and severe devaluation of Ukrainian and Russian currencies made it difficult to fully recover input cost inflation in the near-term without sacrificing volume declines or share losses. As we exit the quarter, we're in a much better position with margins in these markets. We expect margin will improve as the year progresses as we continue to implement additional price increases to cover higher costs. In Asia-Pacific, margin was down 30 basis points, while we improved gross margin and lowered overheads, the phase out of the local tax incentive program offset underlying year-over-year operating margin improvement. Turning to EPS on slide ten, adjusted EPS for the first quarter was $0.41 up nearly 26% on a constant currency basis. The year-over-year improvement in our operating income accounted for $0.09 of this increase. Below the operating line, lower interest expense from our successful debt refinancing added $0.01 and lower outstanding shares add another $0.02. Also below the line our effective tax rate was higher, driven mostly by the geographic mix of where our earnings were generated. The higher tax rate hurt our EPS by $0.02 versus last year. Even after accounting for the $0.08 negative impact of currency translation, adjusted EPS was up more than 5%. On the next page, you'll see that we returned $1.75 billion of capital to our shareholders in the first quarter. We purchased $1.5 billion of stock that represented 41.7 million shares and an average price of just under $36 as we frontloaded most of our buyback activity given the relatively attractive share price and our liquidity. Consistent with our outlook, we expect to buy back up to $2 billion of stock for the year. However, this doesn't include additional share repurchase activity related to the expected cash proceeds from a coffee deal in the second half. We also paid about $250 million in dividends. As we previously stated, we intend to pay a modest dividend with shareholder returns largely driven by EPS growth. Nonetheless, we're committed to maintaining a payout ratio of at least 30%. Today our payout ratio is about 35%. Turning to slide 12, in the first quarter we took advantage of an opportunity to refinance some of our higher cost dollar debt into lower coupon, euro, Sterling, and Swiss franc denominated notes. The weighted average rate for the $2.5 billion of U.S. dollar notes we tendered was about 6.2%. We financed the tender by issuing the equivalent of about $3.5 billion of notes at very attractive rates securing a weighted average coupon of 1.9%. As a result we lowered the weighted average cost of our long-term debt by about 100 basis points to 3.6%. We also extended the average tenure of our long-term debt by nearly a year from about 7.5 years to 8.5 years. For 2015, this lowers our total interest expense by $75 million to $100 million depending upon how currency rates evolve for the year. Now turning to our outlook for the year. Given our solid start, we're increasingly confident in our ability to deliver our 2015 outlook. With that said, we still have much to do as we execute our transformation. So in the near term, we want to be prudent and we are substantially reaffirming our outlook for the year. We continue to expect organic revenue to grow at least 2% including a headwind of about 100 basis points from the strategic decisions to improve revenue mix that we discussed earlier. We anticipate adjusted OI margin of approximately 14% and double-digit growth in adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis. And we expect free cash flow excluding items to be approximately $1.2 billion. While our overall guidance for constant currency adjusted EPS has not changed, the makeup of the below the line items will be somewhat different. Due to our debt refinancing our interest expense is likely to be around $750 million rather than the original guidance around $825 million. In addition, due to earnings mix and consistent with what we saw in the first quarter, our effective tax rate is likely to be higher than we originally anticipated. Instead of an estimated tax rate in the high-teens, we currently expect a rate in the low-20s. Of course, currency continues to be a significant and increasing headwind this year given that 80% of our revenue is not tied to the U.S. dollar. Using April 27 spot rates, we anticipate the currency headwind would be about 12 percentage points for revenue versus our earlier estimate of 11 points. We also anticipate a $0.33 impact to adjusted EPS compared to our initial $0.30 estimate. While the currency impact is significant, we believe our underlying performance and operations are solid. We remain confident in our ability to deliver strong constant currency earnings growth and solid organic revenue growth this year. One last point, since we don't have the necessary regulatory approvals to know the precise closing date for the coffee JV, our 2015 outlook includes the full-year results for the Coffee business. Assuming a closing sometime in the third quarter, we'll likely update our 2015 outlook for the impact of the coffee transaction when we report our second quarter results. So to wrap up, we've had a solid start to the year by focusing on what we can control as we prioritize margin expansion and strong constant currency earnings growth, while delivering solid revenue growth. We're making good progress on our transformation agenda. Our initiatives to focus our portfolio on track including the coffee JV, we're executing well against our cost reduction programs, and we're continuing to invest in our power brands, our supply chain sales, and distribution capabilities to drive sustainable revenue and earnings growth over the long-term. As we anticipated our market share performance has begun to stabilize we expect it improve the second half as price gaps narrow and we continues to selectively increased marketing support and promotional programs. All of these actions have as well positioned to achieve our 2015 outlook and our 15% to 16% margin target for 2016. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Two questions if I could. First, Irene, you mentioned most European competitors have now started to take pricing and follow some of your moves and that's a new development and clearly positive one. But you also mentioned I guess promotional spend, it will be needed to narrow price gaps. I'm trying to get a sense of whether the pricing that others have taken are not enough to get the gaps still where you want? Or if it's one player in particular that maybe hasn't yet moved, I'm trying to just connect those two dots.
Irene Rosenfeld: The way it works is first of all, we've now seen most of our competitors announce as I mentioned but till it plays through, it takes some time. And in fact, it's one of the reasons I said we would still expect to see share softness in the second quarter. It'll take probably till the back half. In selected markets we want to continue to make sure that we're protecting our market position. So we've been very disciplined in looking market by market and seeing where we stand, and on that basis we're making that decision. But I feel quite confident that we will see our chocolate shares rebound in the back half of the year.
Andrew Lazar: Brian, initially, I knew you expected margins to get sequentially better as the year progressed, they obviously expanded quite a bit more in the first quarter than even the full-year target would suggest. Where was the primary source of that upside in the quarter to margins? And do you expect the expansion therefore, to be less pronounced in future quarters on a year over year basis? And if so, why would that be?
Brian Gladden: Yes, Andrew. I think we did see for probably the first time in a while, pricing is in a good position to cover inflation that we've seen driven by commodities and currency, which allowed net productivity to really drop through. I think that's the big one. As I mentioned in my comments, I think we were a bit ahead in terms of executing in a couple areas. One is supply chain and some of the reinvention activities helped contribute to that productivity. I think some of that is timing and executing a bit earlier, which helps, and then on overheads. We slightly beat our targets for overhead reductions, and that's really as ZBB is playing out, and our visibility and transparency to spending, and moving the culture to more cost-conscious culture I think is paying dividends for us. So those are the things I think that give us a little bit of tailwind in the quarter. And again as we talked about, I think the supply chain reinvention is clearly a second half impact that we still expect to see. We may be pulled a little bit of that into the first part of the year, which is great but there will be more to come in the second half.
Andrew Lazar: So nothing necessarily one-off that we should expect starts to take down the rate of margin improvement necessarily as we move through the year, even though you're only looking for 100 basis points on a full-year basis of margin improvement? Because you start off the year quite a bit stronger than that?
Brian Gladden: I would just say the first quarter, 13.8 in the first quarter is a pretty solid number, not a lot of one-off items that contributed to that number were hurt in the quarter. It's a pretty clean quarter.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer, with RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer: Good morning. A couple questions. First on gross margins, do you foresee 2015 as being a year of sequentially improving gross margin trend as you get new production up and running like the one you talked about at CAGNY in Mexico? And perhaps as you get the pricing in place and past some of these initial transactions effects, you talked about, for instance, in Russia, any color on sequential gross margin trends would be helpful.
Brian Gladden: Yeah, David, I think it's more of a first half/second half dynamic as we talked about the supply chain. I think there's clearly some markets where there continues to be volatility and some areas were going to have to continue to work pricing to offset mostly currency-driven pressures. So it's a dynamic environment. We clearly looked at the second half as being more advantaged given the supply chain dynamic and we feel good about the start. Without getting into quarter-by-quarter trend I think this is a bit of a first half/second story for us.
Irene Rosenfeld: But I would say, David, I do think you can see the algorithm start to play through and that's why we feel quite pleased with the quarter. The facts are that we're covering our cost increases through pricing as best we can. That's starting to play through and that's allowing our productivity to drop and you should see that dynamic continue to play through for the balance of the year.
David Palmer: Just to follow up on your comment about reinvesting and ANC. I know you don't want to share too much with your competition, but where have you've seen the best ROI on spend? Where should we generally think about you spending that money? Thanks.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, what I'll tell you is we will be spending it where we get the best ROI and where we have capacity so I wouldn't know. There's certainly a number of our power brands like Oreo and belVita  we've got strong capacity coming in the back half and you'll see us spend behind those businesses. In the near-term though, I would say in a number of our markets I'm particularly pleased with the performance in EMEA, where we had to price quite aggressively in response to the rapid devaluation, and those are some of the markets where we were able to continue to make our ANC investments which than helped to protect our share. So I think as you see our aggregate share performance around the world, much of that was due to the fact that we continue to spend and in some cases increased our spending behind franchises. But net-net, we will be spending where we get the best return of where we have good capacity support.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Spillane of Bank of America.
Brian Spillane: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Brian Gladden: Hi, Brian.
Brian Spillane: Just one question just to understand a little bit about what's happened on the gross margin line this quarter, and I guess to try to bridge the balance of the year. If I did this analysis or calculation right, you got about $560 million benefit from pricing on gross margin and $175 million of net productivity gains, you did a $435 million currency headwind just translation, so is the gap there  assuming that your pricing covers your commodity costs  is the gap there in terms of the drag the transaction effect on gross margin?
Brian Gladden: The numbers we would talk but would include the transaction impact of currency not translation. That said, the transaction impact is the pressure we're seeing mostly in the COGS line. Commodities are still up year-over-year in the quarter although they've been slightly down in the short-term so that is also a headwind. And when you think about the pricing that Irene talked about offsetting; it's really offsetting that transaction impact on our commodity prices and labor costs and other elements of the P&L.
Brian Spillane: I guess what I was trying to get at was as we look at gross margins going forward and assuming that there is not any incremental pricing or maybe even a little bit of promotional activity just how does the currency  how should we think about the currencies will affect gross margin over the balance of the year? Is it potentially more of a drag because currencies are a little bit more averse? Or is it more neutralized going forward because you've taken some pricing in some of the markets where the currency has moved a lot?
Brian Gladden: I think that becomes a market-by-market conversation. It's obviously our intent to use pricing to keep our margins whole as we see currency move around. So as currency stabilized over the last couple of months here a bit, we've caught up. And I think that's one of the contributing factors in the quarter. I think we just have to watch it quarter-by-quarter. There's some markets where we're still having to price, given that currencies have moved recently or we're still playing catch-up given how we can price in those markets. So I can't really answer the question on a global basis, I think it's market-by-market and I think we're in a reasonable spot in terms of covering currency right now. The ones I highlighted: Ukraine and Russia are places where it's taking time to get that through given the magnitude and the suddenness of those currency moves.
Brian Spillane: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Irene Rosenfeld: Hey, Chris.
Chris Growe: I had a question for you if I could first on North America. It was a very strong margin performance in North America, obviously a little softer revenue growth. I just want to get a sense of how the new plant would be contributing to that. Is that a major contributor in the quarter? It's a little sooner than I expected, but certainly nice improvement in the quarter.
Irene Rosenfeld: No, actually it's not a contributor yet. As we keep talking about the fact that supply chain reinvention will have more of a back half impact, that Salinas is one of the prime examples of that. The team has done an excellent job of cost control and particularly overhead management, and that was the key contributor to the very strong margin performance. As we're starting up the plant, we're expensing those startup costs with a lot of volume, without up a lot of leverage in this plant. It's actually a drag in the first half of the year and that's part of why we expect improvement in the second half.
Chris Growe: Okay. That's good color. Thank you. I have a general question on the emerging markets. You've had a much stronger performance this quarter than many of your competitors and your peers, even in light of macroeconomic challenges. I'm just curious, is it your categories that are performing well? Is it your own internal performance? Just any color you can give on the stronger performance there, given in light of the challenges in those markets.
Irene Rosenfeld: We're very pleased with the performance in our emerging markets particularly given the significant inflationary pressures. I think our team has executed well both in terms of jumping on the pricing opportunity, managing that through very smart price architecture, as well as managing the cost line quite actively so that we can continue to invest behind the franchises. There's no question though, as was we look at markets like Russia and Brazil for example, and you see the GDP trends, we're cautious about that. We've got our eyes very carefully focused on inventory levels, making sure sell-in and sell-out are perfectly balanced. But there's no question that our teams have done an excellent job in this first quarter in managing our business in the face of quite a number of challenges in those markets.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Good morning, everyone. Irene, you talked about a big retailer, I assume Wal-Mart offering fewer opportunities for displays and promotions, and I appreciate this retailer has talked about doing this across the board. But do you think and maybe, maybe not, the cookie and cracker categories were hit by disproportionate amounts? I'm curious if you see risk of further promo de-loading down the road or is this more of a one-time shift?
Irene Rosenfeld: I think it was a near-term shift, Ken. And I think as you look at the impact that some of those decisions had on categories it, had a pronounced impact on the category and I do think that the opportunity to revisit some of those decisions and particularly in our categories which are highly impulse driven. We're big traffic generator and we contribute to overall growth. I do think that our teams are working through what the appropriate merchandising strategy should be and that's an important part of our optimism about the back half.
Ken Goldman: Thank you for that. One more if I can. I want to ask you about the specific media reports. I know you can't address them directly but I'm curious if you can help us understand how integrated the Philadelphia brand is with the rest of your European grocery business. I'm curious on a hypothetical basis, how hard would be to disassociate that brand and that brand alone from everything you're doing over there?
Irene Rosenfeld: That's a very hypothetical question. I would say that as we are basically dealing with the transformation in the European region, we are setting up a standalone cheese and grocery unit because I believe that is the best way for us to focus uniquely on those assets as distinct from some of our other assets. So as coffee moves into the joint venture, we'll have a snacking unit and a cheese and grocery unit, and I think that's the best way to manage those businesses going forward.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Rob Moskow: Thank you. I guess a couple of questions, Irene. Your results in China after the last three quarters have been quite strong, up high single-digit. A lot of your peers have experienced significant inventory de-loading because of retailer slowdowns. Can you tell us about why you're bucking the trend there? Is this an easy comp from a year ago? Or is there something particular happening to your market share over there? And then the second question is on copy, I think the last time we talked about the divestiture, it would be accretive but maybe dilutive for the first six months. Can you give us any update there? Thanks.
Irene Rosenfeld: I'm very pleased with the perform of our business in China. I think actually we're not bucking the trend we actually live that trend. If you recall about a year and a half ago we ran into challenges as we saw demands slowing down quite rapidly and our inventories were not keeping pace with that. So as we talked about it we implemented a number of management tools and measurement tools to ensure that we had a good handle on sell in and sell out and that serving is exceptionally well so I think in many respects we were ahead of that curve and we've now got back behind us. I'm particularly pleased though with the resurgence of the biscuit business which is a critically-important business for us. Oreo had a very strong quarter and is a strong contributor to the overall business performance and gum just continues to be on fire and so net/net I think our Chinese business we learned a lot in the early days as we observed what happens when consumption slows down. I think we've got a much better balance between sell in and sell out the team is executing well and I'm extremely pleased with their performance. So we're cautiously optimistic but the continued performance of the biscuit category is important to us. On coffee, Rob, we don't really have an update what we had said was we expected in 2016 that it will be accretive, we have no reason to believe that's not true at this point and the business has performed well. They had a very good first quarter for us and we'll wait to see really we get the approval from the European commission and then that will trigger our ability to get in and really do more detail planning with our partners.
Rob Moskow: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman: I guess first, just a specific question, Brian. You kind of mentioned in the Asia-Pacific that a tax incentive helped gross margin, or the phase out of the tax incentive, why is a tax incentive an operating factor?
Brian Gladden: It was a hurt in the quarter. We had historically an attack structure in place in China that allowed us, it basically showed up in our operating results and reduced our costs. That has been phased out in a decision by the government. We began to face into that at the end of last year and it had a relatively significant impact in the quarter on AP's results. I would say, as I said, they did have strong gross margin improvements they also reduced overheads, if you take that out, they had margins up in the quarter.
Eric Katzman: Okay. Just in terms of  I realize obviously currency is a massive headwind to earnings, but I think last quarter, maybe you had kind of said that in dollar terms, earnings per share for the year would be at least $1.70 and that included $0.30 of at least FX headwind but it also included the coffee still being in the base, but you're also suggesting that between  interest expense will be a benefit by a couple of pennies, currency is worse, your tax rate is growing now as a slight negative. So can you give us a sense as to what you're thinking on a dollar earnings basis for the year? Is it basically unchanged also with all those things moving around?
Brian Gladden: In essence we're not really  we haven't updated the outlook for EPS, what we did highlight is the fact that interest expense will be down a bit, tax will be up a bit. I think those things would basically offset the change relative to currency is about a $0.03 difference from when we last updated you, so $0.30 going to $0.33.
Eric Katzman: Okay. All right. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Brian Gladden: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow: Good morning, everyone.
Irene Rosenfeld: Good morning.
Ken Zaslow: North America as you said seems to be expanding margins before the Salinas plant and I didn't really understand for sure but it seems like maybe that is going  that margin expansion is actually going ahead of schedule. Does that mean that you think that of the areas out there that North America has the greatest opportunity to expand margins on top of where we're going from today? Is that a fair point?
Brian Gladden: I'm not sure I'd say that. I think we've highlighted the opportunity related to Salinas and how much margin impact we would have. I mean as we've talked about and Daniel talked about at CAGNY, as we implement lines of the future, those opportunities exist broadly across the other regions as well. They will be likely one of the first to feel the benefit of the new supply chain capabilities and the lower cost. The team has done a nice job managing through productivity, they've done a nice job managing through overheads and I would say they're a bit ahead in the process.
Irene Rosenfeld: And also, Ken, that's one of the areas that we have of greatest return on our marketing investments and we're going to continue as our capacity comes on stream, as I mentioned a few minutes ago, as our capacity comes on stream that's an area where we're going to continue to invest as we see the margin progression.
Ken Zaslow: Great. And on that point and I just want to  you also said the back of the year you're expecting to increase your advertising spend behind new product innovation. Can you talk about, assuming you're not going to tell us what new product innovation, but can you talk about region and categories where you'd see the acceleration of new product innovation?
Irene Rosenfeld: You're going to see it around the world. I mean one of our strong suits has been the strong performance of our innovations and I think as we continue to move to a region category model, we are finding that we're able to expand our proven platforms even faster. So as you think about different innovations within our categories, Oreo thins in China is performing exceptionally well and you'll start to see that make its way around the world. I talked about the belVita line extensions that are doing well and that continues to be an area of opportunity. Within chocolate, we've got continued terrific response, continued terrific response in Bubbly and Marvellous Creations and you'll see us expanding those. And gum and candy we've got a series of innovations. Trident Unwrapped here in the U.S. is the first slab gum that you can get in the bottle and it's off to a good start and so that you'll see that when we'll play an important role as well as in China for example where we're actually going to launch a second line. We've got our Stride brand that has done exceptionally well. We're now going to be launching Trident in China. So in many cases what we're talking about are the expansion of proven platforms around the world.
Ken Zaslow: Great. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good morning. Just two detailed questions and then a bigger picture question for you, Irene. Brian, on the share repurchase I think your slide said you did $1.75 billion of share repo in the quarter. I think your target for the year was between $1 billion and $2 billion. So would this mean that you've done the share repurchase that you wanted to do for the full year or is there any more to go?
Brian Gladden: Yeah, we've done 1.5 in the quarter and what we said was we do up for two so I would suspect it will do up to two. That's what we said.
David Driscoll: Okay. So there's a little bit more to go. Fine. Now marketing, Irene I think you said on the quarter it was flat on a constant currency basis. Does that mean that with FX it was down about 14%?
Irene Rosenfeld: Directionally I don't know quite how the currencies flow through the medium money but it would be, you know, and obviously particularly in the emerging markets it would be down a little bit. I think the important point is that particularly given the aggressive pricing, we have really focused on making sure that we've got adequate marketing support behind our brands, and particularly our power brands, and that's been a key driver of their strong performance. The aggregate A&C that I reference that was down slightly, again, that was primarily nonworking spending that we will continue to look for efficiency opportunities. So A&C is a key driver of the strong performance of our power brands which are up about 6 % in the quarter and they will continue to be the focus of our investment as we look out to the balance of the year.
David Driscoll: And then, Irene, just  Kraft tie-ins uncovered a fairly massive cost savings in their merger announcement. You do have a rather unique position in analyzing kind of what they've done. The question here is a Mondelez question, though. In thinking about Mondelez, do you see further opportunities for larger cost savings and higher EBIT margins after you hit the 15% to 16% target?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yeah, Dave, clearly the Heinz model is something that the entire industry is watching. And we are watching very closely just to see how that plays out. At the moment, we're quite comfortable with our approach. I think we've got a good balance between top line and bottom line. I think the margin performance that we're delivering both in terms of gross margin as well as operating margin is strong and where we'd hoped it was going to be. And so I'm quite confident that the programs as we have laid them out today leave us well-positioned not only to deliver our 2015 targets but also to deliver the targets that we've laid out into the future. So we'll keep watching and learning, but I'm quite confident with the approach and the path that we're on.
David Driscoll: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning, folks.
Brian Gladden: Good morning, Jason.
Jason English: Irene, I want to pick up on a comment you just made in response to the last question, a good balance of top line and bottom line growth. Looking at results over the last year or so, it really felt like the balance was not really balanced at all but shifted heavily towards priming the pumps for margin expansion, with the top line faltering as a result of whether it be executional issues, conscious decisions to exit things, et cetera. Do you think that's a fair characterization, first? And then secondly, do you truly believe that we're getting back into a better balanced algorithm on a go forward? And if so, what's the enabler that's allowing you to shift more focus back to driving sales in conjunction with margin?
Irene Rosenfeld: Jason, I think it's a fair characterization. I think we were very clear to say first things first. We needed to get our gross margins on our key franchises where we wanted them to be. And then we were going to be in a position to start to spend back, and that's exactly what we're doing. And so certainly, as we've said, there'll be more opportunity to spend back in the back half as more things kick in on the cost side. But even now, we're already starting to make some adjustments to our spending and making sure we're focusing it on the target areas that we think we can get the best return and where we think we need to protect the franchises. So I think you're seeing the algorithm play through in a more balanced  you will see the algorithm play through in a more balanced way this year than perhaps you would have seen last year, but we were just getting ourselves essentially staged to be able to deliver the cost profiles that we need so we have the fuel to invest in our franchises.
Jason English: Thank you. That's helpful. One more, then I'll pass it on. As you were going through your prepared remarks, you listed a lot of things that should get better on a go forward. You're strategic decisions to exit business, the headwind is more pronounced, it should get easier. You're looking for better category growth in a number of markets as consumers adjust to price points. You're looking for better market share improvement on a go forward. Lots of things you talked about in terms of anticipation of getting better. I guess my question is do you need it all to get better to deliver your numbers? Or are is there enough flexibility in the algorithm of go forward to absorb a few of those things maybe not going the right way and still hit your numbers?
Irene Rosenfeld: I think were well-positioned if you do the math. Given our strong start to the year, we feel quite comfortable with the guidance that we've laid out. It's a solid start. We're executing well, and there are some things that we believe will go our way in the back half. But we continue to believe that the guidance that we're giving you is quite prudent, and we feel quite confident in the full-year projections.
Jason English: Okay. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Irene Rosenfeld: Good morning, Alexia.
Brian Gladden: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: So just a quick question on the Enjoy Life acquisition. If I think back to when you were still with combined with Kraft, there were a number of those sort of health and wellness oriented brands, like Back to Nature that never really seemed to find their place properly in the portfolio. They kind of got lost. As you think about buying Enjoy Life and try to figure how to scale that, what's different this time around? And do you have an appetite for doing more of those kinds of deals over time? Thank you very much and I'll pass it on.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, Alexia, without a doubt, better-for-you snacking is on trend. It's resonating well with our consumers around the world, and therefore, it will continue to be an important focus area for us. We've learned a lot from the Back to Nature experience, and in fact, we still have an ownership of that business. As we bring Enjoy Life into the portfolio we've announced that we're going to keep the management separate and I think that's an important enabler to make sure that we get the lessons that we need, we learn the lessons but at the same time we're allowing the team that has been so successful to continue to drive the business. So I think you should expect to continue to see us building on our Better For You snacks both organically and through M&A and enjoy life becomes an important cornerstone of that effort.
Alexia Howard: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge.
Rob Dickerson: Thank you very much. Just a bit of a follow-up question that Jason had, it seems like at the end of last year I think your categories were growing I believe it was 3.6% and you had said 2015 might be a little bit lower around 3% than in Q1 you're putting up 4.8% in global category growth. I think you'd said even expect to potentially see the chocolate accelerate in the back half of the year. So if you expect  if we're seeing much faster growth that you saw in 2014 in Q1 in your categories and you're also expecting some of those categories to accelerate and you expect to gain share as price gaps narrow, why wait or why not really increase your top line organic sales growth guidance especially if comps aren't becoming more difficult? Thank you.
Irene Rosenfeld: Rob the first point is over the long-term there is no question we expect to grow at or above category rates. As we said though in 2015, we are very clearly prioritizing margin expansion over revenue growth. It reflects the challenging environment and we've got a very significant transformation we want to make sure that in all cases that our managers are able to make the appropriate trade-offs. So we feel good about the revenue growth in the first quarter, we're very pleased to see that the snacks business in particular is up around 4.5% which is a trend change from the end of last year but I think you also need to get underneath the covers a little bit on that number. A big driver of that 4.5% improvement was the 6.5% growth in chocolate which is largely price driven as we've said, also benefited somewhat from the Easter shift. So the good news is we are starting to see pricing coming through and that's critical to our overall algorithm as we're said. Our mix is still soft and we're taking some actions in the coming months and quarters to make sure that we start to see our shares rebound. So net, we're cautiously optimistic about the improved category growth, but we'd like to see more than the first quarter to feel confident about that.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Great. Fair enough. Just a quick technical question and hopefully I'm explaining this the right way. But it looks like in the first quarter you bought back the 1.5 billion in shares part of that you could argue was funded by the proceeds that you got from the currency hedges off the coffee divestiture. Without that you might be apt to raise more debt to buy back the stock or whatever and not buyback. So I'm just curious, when you announced the coffee JV, the euro was close to 140. Now current market it's around 111 so it seemed like and I think you put this within the footnotes of the release, it seems like the cash proceeds now you would receive on a dollar basis our less, which could potentially mean that you'd be able to buy back less stock with those proceeds. But at the same time you're buying back more stock in Q1 off of the benefit of this currency hedge. So it would seem like  I guess the question is, is it fair to say that maybe some of that accretion just off of the shift in the euro has already occurred? Thank you.
Brian Gladden: I mean, the simple way to think about it is, we locked in the rate last spring, and I think we locked it in, in the range of 1.37 euro which basically protected our dollar proceeds from the transaction. So what we did was really take that favorability from a timing standpoint and just basically cash some of that in during the course of the fourth quarter and the first quarter. So we locked in our proceeds, our proceeds will not go down given what's happening currency that was the intent of the hedge all along was to lock that in and it locks it in  the value is in the range of $5.5 billion.
Rob Dickerson: Yeah, you just hopefully get more of a benefit upfront off of just weighted average shares outstanding. Okay.
Brian Gladden: Just liquidity in the short-term, yeah.
Rob Dickerson: Fair enough. All right, thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: We've reached the allotted time for questions and answers today. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dexter Congbalay. Please go ahead.
Dexter Congbalay: Thanks, everyone, for joining. I'll be available via phone for obviously all day today and over the next few days. I just ask for a little bit of patience. I'm all but lonesome right now. So if you have any questions, just give me a call later. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Dexter Congbalay - Vice President, Investor Relations Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO Brian Gladden - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Chris Growe - Stifel Andrew Lazar - Barclays Bryan Spillane - Bank of America David Driscoll - Citi Research Ken Goldman - JP Morgan Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Alexia Howard - Bernstein Jason English - Goldman Sachs John Bumgarner - Wells Fargo Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Mondelz International Fourth Quarter 2014 Year End Earnings Conference Call. Todays call is scheduled to last about one hour including remarks by Mondelz management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Id now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dexter Congbalay, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelz International. Please go ahead, sir.
Dexter Congbalay: Good morning and thanks for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and Brian Gladden, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release and todays slides, which are available on our website mondelzinternational.com. As you know, during this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Dexter, and good morning. In 2014 we delivered solid results, even as we faced headwinds in the broader environment. We have made good progress on our transformation agenda, especially in our supply chain and in overheads. Of course, we also announced our coffee joint venture, which we expect to close later this year. As we enter 2015, we will continue to focus on what we can control, reducing costs, pricing to protect profitability and driving Power Brands and innovation platforms in key markets. In addition, we are taking some specific actions to exit lower margin revenues to improve our mix. Overall, I am quite confident in our ability to execute our plans, achieve our strategic objectives and continue to deliver solid returns to our shareholders. Turning to the specifics for 2014, we generated strong earnings growth and margin expansion in a challenging environment by driving record net productivity and aggressively reducing overheads. On the topline, we delivered organic net revenue consistent with our latest outlook, as we raised prices to recover higher input costs and protect profitability, while continuing to invest in our growth platforms. Specifically, for the full year, organic net revenue was up 2.4%, adjusted operating income margin increased 80 basis points to 12.9%. That was in line with our guidance of about 13%, despite absorbing a 50 basis point headwind from the timing of mark-to-market accounting. Adjusted EPS was a $1.76 for the year, up 23% on a constant currency basis and the source of this growth was high quality, driven mostly by operating gains. In light of a still challenging macroeconomic environment, consumer confidence and spending weakened in many of our key markets, while competition among food retailers was intense, especially in Europe. We faced significantly higher prices for key commodities, like cocoa and coffee, and this inflation was magnified by local currency devaluation, especially late in the year. In response we quickly priced across our portfolio to offset the input cost inflation and to protect profitability. As a result, pricing was the key driver of our revenue, contributing 4.5 percentage points for the year. Looking more closely at the sources of growth last year, emerging markets were up 7% with Brazil, Russia and India all increasing double digits. Developed markets were down modestly. This reflected the temporary effects of pricing-related customer disputes in Europe that we talked about last quarter, as well as increased trade investments in North America. Lets take a more detailed look at full year topline results in each of our regions. Latin America grew 15%, driven by pricing gains, especially in the inflationary economies of Venezuela and Argentina. Brazil was up double digits, including solid growth in all of our categories. EMEA grew 6.5%, driven by higher pricing and modest growth in vol mix. Russia increased double digits. Vol mix continued to improve contributing more than a third of our growth there. I am very pleased with the performance of our team in Russia, who had consistently delivered strong results over the past couple of years. However, given the recent currency devaluation and deteriorating microeconomic situation, we expect growth and profitability in Russia to be somewhat more challenging in 2015. I'd also like to acknowledge our team in Ukraine, who delivered organic revenue that was essentially flat, despite operating in a most difficult environment. Continuing with our region performance, Asia-Pacific declined 2.8%, as higher pricing was more than offset by lower vol mix. China was down mid-single digits for the full year due to continued softness in biscuits, but we will be now beginning to see some signs of recovery. India delivered another year of double-digit growth, but industry-wide price increases in chocolate tempered category growth in the fourth quarter. In the near-term we expect this trend to continue until consumers adapt to the new pricing levels. North America was up nearly 1% for the year, reflecting slower growth in biscuits as the category softened, as well as increased competition in the fourth quarter, especially in crackers. We stepped up our brand and trade investments accordingly, and we're pleased to see signs of category recovery in the recent biscuit data. We expect growth to accelerate in early 2015. In Europe, organic revenue was down 1% for the year, while pricing was up nearly 1.5 points, vol mix fell, as a result of the number of factors, including lower category growth, as consumer demand softened in the weaker macroenvironment, pricing-related elasticity and pricing-related customer disruptions especially in France. Finally, in Europe, after more than a year of headwinds, coffee turned into a tailwind in the fourth quarter, contributing over 2 points of growth, as we price to offset higher green costs. Turning now to our categories. For the full year snacks grew just under 4% and our global categories grew about 3.5%. Importantly, growth rates soften somewhat in the back half and we anticipate this trend will continue in 2015. Biscuits remained the strongest of our snacks categories, up about 5% worldwide and while the reset of our China business, held our revenue growth below that of the total category, we made good progress on our biscuits portfolio. Oreo led the way. Globally it grew high single digits and exceeded $2.5 billion in sales, driven by new product innovations, such as Oreo Thins in China, as well as new package format, such as family size in the U.S. After its first full year in Brazil, Oreo has already achieved more than 2.5 share, while in Europe it continue to grow at a double-digit rate, up more than 25%. Like Oreo, our belVita breakfast biscuits platform also grew strongly, up nearly 30%, topping $650 million in global revenues. Innovation here also played a key role. Our new soft baked line drove over 50% growth for belVita in the U.S., while belVita Crunchy which we launched last spring in several European markets is off to a good start. In chocolate, the impact of higher prices to offset rising cocoa and dairy costs, and the effect of weakening emerging market currencies tempered global category growth to below 4%. As weve discussed in prior earnings calls, our decision to increase prices globally, resulted in soft volume and share performance as some competitors either laid predominantly in emerging markets or did not priced at all as was the case in parts of Europe. We believe that all of our competitors will eventually raise prices, given that they're facing the same input cost pressures we are. Ultimately, as the price dislocation moderates, innovation is key to regaining momentum in the chocolate category and we've built solid platforms to accomplish that. For example, we continue to expand marvelous creations, our Chunky Chocolate filled with fun things like candy pieces and jellybeans, and weve expanded that into new markets like Canada and Russia, driving incremental growth. We also recently launched Cadbury Glow, a new premium gifting chocolate brand in India, Singapore and Hong Kong, initial results have been strong, already reaching 13% of the Indian chocolate gifting segment last quarter. Finally, the gum and candy category grew about 2% for the year. Our revenue was down about 3% due to the implementation of a sugar tax in Mexico, where we have an 80 share, government restrictions on gum imports in Venezuela and the customer disputes in France. However, we grew or held share in four of our top six gum markets, including the U.S., Japan, Brazil and China, driven by improved price-pack architecture and a focus on freshness. China is now the second-largest gum market in the world and our growth continued to be robust, up nearly 50% last year, benefiting from the launch of Stride Bottles and Stride Layers. So, as you can see, we are taking the necessary steps to ensure the long-term health of our business. We are pricing to protect profitability and aggressively reducing costs, so that we can continue to invest in our franchises to drive sustainable top tier returns for our shareholders. With that, let me turn it over to Brian.
Brian Gladden: Thanks, Irene. Good morning, everyone. Over the next few slides, starting with slide 7, I will walk you through our 2014 margin and EPS progress, as well as our outlook for 2015. Adjusted gross margin decreased 60 basis points to 36.8%, with 50 points of the decline attributable to the timing of the mark-to-market accounting for commodity and currency hedges. Over the course of the year, we successfully executed pricing of $1.6 billion. While this high level of pricing was enough to fully offset significant commodity and currency related cost inflation on a dollar basis, it wasn't enough to offset the impact of inflation on our margin percentage. We were able to essentially maintain gross margins, excluding the mark-to-market impact by delivering 2.8% net productivity, totaling more than $600 million. Thats a record for the company and a testament to strong work delivered by our integrated supply-chain team. As Irene noted, our adjusted OI margin increased 80 basis points to 12.9%, in line with our guidance of approximately 13%. Excluding the 50 basis point mark-to-market impact, our underlying margin improvement was actually 130 basis points. Lower overheads drove more than half of this improvement, as we aggressively reduced expenses by leveraging zero-based budgeting and other cost-saving tools. In addition, we expanded margins by driving efficiencies in the non-working elements of our media spend, including significantly consolidating suppliers. We also reduced production costs as we shifted more advertising to digital outlets. To be clear, we maintained our working media support and increased our overall A&C spending on our Power Brands and innovation platforms. As we move to 2015, securing additional cost reductions will be a key focus and an important backstop to our plan. Looking at performance by region, you'll see that developed markets drove much of the margin expansion. In North America, adjusted OI margin increased to 140 basis points, despite absorbing the startup costs of our newest greenfield biscuit plant in Salinas, Mexico. Well begin to realize the margin benefits from that plan, as we ramp up production later in the year. In Europe, adjusted OI margin expanded 170 basis points, as their overhead reduction and supply chain reinvention programs continues to pay dividends. Also worth mentioning is the impact of Latin America where margins grew 200 basis points. Our cost programs drove about half of this margin improvement, while the other half related to one-time items. Turning to earnings per share on slide 10, operating gains were the primary driver of our EPS growth. Adjusted EPS for the full year was a $1.76, up 23% on a constant currency basis. Operating gains, excluding mark-to-market accounted for $0.26 of this improvement. Our debt refinancing delivered $0.08 of EPS growth and our lower share count contributed another $0.08. Even after accounting for the $0.14 negative impact of currency translation, adjusted EPS was up more than 14% for the year. Cash flow has been another area of strong performance. Over the past two years, we delivered $4.8 billion of free cash flow excluding items. Thats nearly 30% higher than our two-year guidance of $3.7 billion. Strong improvements in working capital has been the primary driver. Weve shortened our cash conversion cycle by 10 days, which comes on top of the 13-day improvement in the prior year. With our strong cash performance, we were able to return $2.9 billion in cash to shareholders last year. We repurchased $1.9 billion of shares, which is at the upper end of our $1 billion to $2 billion annual target. We also raised our dividend by 7%, with total payout of a $1 billion. Turning to slide 12, Im not going to cover this slide in detail but its safe to say that the external operating environment continues to be challenging and volatile, whether it's slow GDP growth, weak consumer demand or a difficult retailer environment. And given our strong global footprint and uncontrollable variable, like the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, is especially challenging. Of course, there are a number of positive factors that will partially offset these headwinds both in 2015 and over the long-term, including the continuing trend towards increased snacking and on-the-go consumer dynamics. Within this challenging environment, we're focusing on what we can control and executing our transformation agenda. With respect to our portfolio as Irene mentioned, we continue to expect the coffee deal to close this year. On a much smaller scale, we anticipate closing and integrating our recent acquisition of the Kinh Do Snacks Business in Vietnam later this year. We are also working to improve our revenue mix by moving away from some low margin revenue. Specifically, weve made deliberate decisions to exit non-strategic and margin diluted revenue, which will temper our organic revenue growth by about a 100 basis points this year. Examples of these decisions include exiting certain customers in Europe who have chosen not to accept our price increases, discontinuing certain low margin products that were sold under short-term trademark licenses from Kraft Foods Group and pruning some SKUs so we can simplify our supply chain and focus our investments on our growth platforms. 2015 is also a year of continued intense focus on costs in both our supply chain and overheads, as we progress towards our margin expansion goals. We will also continue to invest in our Power Brands and routes to market for future growth. We are excited by the longer-term prospects of accelerating growth, faster decision-making and cost savings, as we shift to a category led model in all of our regions. So, lets talk about how all this translates to our outlook for 2015. We expect organic revenue to grow at least 2%. As mentioned earlier, we see overall category growth rates remaining consistent with or even somewhat below 2014. That is, we anticipate our global categories will grow at least 3% in aggregate. In 2015, we expect to continue to prioritize margin improvements, which will impact our net revenue growth and market share. Now although it's not part of organic growth, I'd like to provide some perspective on the potential impact of foreign currency translation on our revenue. Based on January 30th spot rates, we estimate currency would be about 11% -- 11 percentage point headwind to our revenue growth. Obviously thats a big number but remember that 80% of our revenue is based in markets where the currencies are not tied to the strengthening U.S. dollar. So, while we anticipate our reported revenue will decline due to the significant currency translation impact, we expect to deliver solid organic growth in a challenging macroeconomic environment. Let me now turn to our margin outlook. In 2015, we expect to deliver adjusted OI margin of approximately 14%, another significant step towards our margin goal of 15% to 16% in 2016. The continued execution of both our supply chain reinvention and overhead reduction initiatives will be key drivers of the margin expansion. We expect the savings from these programs to build throughout the year. Moving onto EPS, we expect adjusted EPS to grow double-digits on a constant currency basis, which would be our third year in a row of double-digit EPS growth. Organic revenue growth and OI margin expansion will be the main drivers. In addition, we expect our adjusted interest expense to be about $825 million, given our current weighted average interest rate of about 4.5%, plus other financing costs. We expect our adjusted tax rate to be in the high-teens for 2015, slightly higher than the 16% we saw in 2014. And finally, we expect to repurchase between $1 billion and $2 billion of shares. Let me point out again that our EPS guidance is on a constant currency basis but since currency will be such a big headwind in our GAAP reported results at the end of the year, Id like to provide a bit of detail on that now. As I mentioned previously, 80% of our revenues is derived from currencies not tied to the U.S. dollar. This exposure to growth markets is typically a strength of our business model and I believe it will be over the long-term. However, most of these currencies have been devaluing versus the dollar over the last few months, resulting in a significant currency translation headwind. On slide 17, you can see the potential impact. We estimate adjusted EPS would be approximately $0.30 lower than our constant currency results based on January 30th spot rates. While we do business in many currencies, the lions share of the headwind comes from the euro, the British pound, the Russian ruble and the Brazilian real. So to summarize our 2015 outlook, we expect organic net revenue to be at least 2%, including a 1-point headwind from our strategic decisions to exit low margin revenue. We anticipate adjusted OI margin of approximately 14% and double-digit growth in adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis. Please note that since we dont have a precise closing date for the coffee deal, our 2015 outlook includes the full year results for the coffee business. We will update our 2015 outlook for the impact of the coffee divestiture as we get more clarity on the closing date. So to wrap up, in 2014 we delivered strong earnings growth and margin expansion despite the challenging consumer and retail environment. While we expect the environment to remain difficult in 2015, we will continue to prioritize margin improvements while delivering modest revenue growth, focused on executing the cost reduction initiatives under our control and make the necessary foundational investments in our brands, innovation platforms, routes to market, and supply chain to stage the portfolio for the future. We remain confident in our ability to execute our transformation agenda so that we are well-positioned to deliver sustainable profitable growth and generate top-tier shareholder returns now and over the long term. With that, lets open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel.
Chris Growe: Hi. Thank you. Good morning.
Irene Rosenfeld: Hi, Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. Just if I could ask two questions of you, Irene. First off would be, as youve seen the softer growth in the developed markets, and particular in North America and Europe, does that have any -- is that having any effect on your margin outlook for those businesses? It looks like youve got a pretty strong margin still built in here in '15, but does this slower growth rate have any effect on your future margin projections if I could ask that?
Irene Rosenfeld: No, I actually think without a doubt, we are making some near-term prioritization in both of those geographies for margin. But I feel quite comfortable that with the guidance that were giving to you that we made some reasonable expectations about where we expect the revenue to fall out. There is no question in Europe, in particular. We are experiencing some short-term headwinds as consumers and customers adapt to the new prices. I inspect that that will improve as the year progresses in both Europe and in North America. As I mentioned, we certainly are experiencing some category slowdown. We are taking a number of actions to improve that both in terms of marketing as well as some trade investments and we are starting to see the benefits of those investments. So net-net, I am quite confident that we will deliver the revenue that we need in both of those geographies consistent with the margin expectations that we set.
Chris Growe: Okay. And just if I could ask one other question on ZBB and the implementation of that program. I am just curious if you can give us the kind of experience for 2014, and then perhaps the progress youve made against overhead in particular with that program in '14?
Brian Gladden: Yes, Chris, its Brian. There was really the start-up this year of ZBB. But as you look at the overhead reductions, 90 basis point improvement year-over-year, it really was a big contributor. So a lot of focus on key categories of cost and indirect spending where we change policies, move to best practices that we learned in that process. And as we built the plans for 2015, we really did use the ZBB base process to build the operating plans. So I would say we are still in the early days. It will be a big contributor as we look at 2015 and into '16 using that tool. But good progress so far.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thanks for the update.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody. Two questions from me. First off, as we think about the margin cadence as we go through 2015, you said that it will be stronger in the back half. I am trying to get a sense of how the first half you expect it to play out. Do we see year-over-year margin improvement just at a slower pace in the first half? Or are there certain things that challenge margins in the first half that makes the two halves have to be even stronger to get to that about 14% for the full year? I am just trying to get a sense of how realistic that is and what is kind of built in, in terms of visibility?
Brian Gladden: Yeah. I think the goals that we are providing for the full year, I would tell you as we look at some really critical drivers, supply chain improvements, the overhead reductions, even the pricing frankly, these were dynamics that will cause margins to accelerate through the year. Those benefits are more back-end loaded, just given the execution and as we work through for instance the start-up of the Mexico plant. That will drive benefits significantly higher in the second half than in the first half. So not getting into specifics around quarterly trajectory or margin targets by quarter, but it will be more back-end loaded.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. And then you mentioned -- I think as you mentioned before 2015 is a year of sort of maximum change for the organization. Youve got the coffee JV implementing ZBB in a bigger way, the category led model in Europe, the ongoing issues around Western Europe and retailers and pricing and such. So I am trying to get a sense, '14 obviously shows a lot progress towards your two-year margin goal. And I am trying to get a sense of, are you giving -- is the organization giving itself enough cover, if you will, for certain things that are inevitably likely to go awry just during the course of the year with all these big changes that youve got?
Brian Gladden: Look I think we as a team spent a lot of time on building the plan as you point out. So, clearly some pieces moving around as you think about the year. But this is a reasonable plan that I think we worked hard to build confidence and backstops around this commitment. So there is clearly some pieces moving around, its a relatively volatile environment. But as I said, there is things that we can control and we are working extra hard on those things to make sure we have offsets and backstops to allow us to deliver this commitment.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask a follow-up I guess to Andrews question. And its just -- I guess if you go through assuming the 14% margin goal for '15, I guess two questions. One, in terms of FX effect on operating profit, the spread, there has been a bit of spread between the effect on revenues and operating profit. Should we expect that to continue in 2015?
Brian Gladden: I think similar dynamics will continue to play out. As you think about transactional exposures, clearly we work hard through program -- through hedging programs as well as our efforts on pricing and cost reductions in the regions to drive consistency of execution there. It is a volatile environment. We have a hedge program, thats designed to provide some cushion to allow us to get prices in place, but we feel like thats what we have been doing and we will continue to execute that.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And just assuming that there are some modest spread if you kind of back into a current -- what the 14% margin implies, currency neutral. Its like a mid-teens currency neutral EBIT growth against a 2% organic sales growth. So I guess the question is just, in that bridge which is I guess roughly about $700 million of currency neutral profit growth, how much of it is hard savings versus things that might be variable depending upon -- I dont know mix or volume leverage or those types of things? Just trying to get a sense for how much of that margin target is really tied to some fixed savings versus things that might be variable.
Brian Gladden: Yeah. Not really we are going to parse in detail. I would tell you that this is a supply chain reinvention, ZBB, overhead reduction driven plan. Thats what you saw in 2014. And I think thats what you will continue to see in '15.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yeah, I just want to build on that Brian. We are very focused on what we can control in this environment. And so we have high confidence that the commitments we are giving to you are some things that we have a clear line of sight to and weve built our revenue. We think in a reasonable fashion given the realities of the market. And we got clear visibility to the programming that will drive the margin expansion. So net-net, it is a challenging environment. But we are very focused on making sure that we got in hand what we can control to drive our commitments.
Bryan Spillane: Is the $500 million of annual COGS productivity that you outlined last year at CAGNY still part of the plan or is that changed?
Brian Gladden: Well, that productivity in 14 was actually closer to 600. It was a record for the company at 2.8%. And I would tell you given all the activities around supply chain that will continue to accelerate. That's a big part of what were focused on.
Bryan Spillane: All right. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi Research.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Brian Gladden: Hi David.
Irene Rosenfeld: Good morning.
David Driscoll: Irene, if Mondelz grew organic revenues 2.4% in 2014, can you just go back over why you would expect 3% net organic growth in 15? So I'm just looking at that chart and excluding the one point that you'll take out from things you want to discontinue, the underlying number is 3, and that's an acceleration over the 2.4%. But I think what everyone hears on this call is just how difficult these emerging markets are and even some difficulties in your developed markets, Europe, for instance. Why does it accelerate?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, if you think about it, David, we saw an acceleration even in the course of last year. We took pricing early in the year. As we shared with you, we led pricing in all of our categories. So the impact of that pricing plays out differently in each of the regions and differently over the course of time. And so the good news is in many of our emerging markets, weve now seen those price gaps start to narrow. As I mentioned Europe remains particularly in chocolate, one of the regions, where those gaps are still bigger than wed like them to be. But the reason for the acceleration in the underlying growth is simply that as consumers adjust to these higher price points as our customers particularly in Europe reflect these higher price points, we expect that the market will be in -- move into more of a position of equilibrium.
David Driscoll: And then, following up on your European chocolate questions, when we get our Nielsen data, the 12-week numbers show double-digit declines in Mondelz's European chocolate volumes. You mentioned a little bit of this in your prepared script, but can you talk more detail about what's going on right there? Why aren't these competitors following? And it's been going on now for, like, six months. So I'm a little concerned that you might be forced to retract your pricing, even through a list or a promotional event. Can you just talk about some of those issues and what you see happening in 15?
Irene Rosenfeld: Again, its a -- theres no question that our gap in Europe are wider than wed like them to be. As you believe, its a question of timing. And so again we feel quite confident with the programming that weve got. Were trying to see some good recovery to more of a normal state in a number of our key markets and were going to stay the course. Weve got very strong brands and we believe that they have the pricing power. And we just need to take some time for the gaps to narrow a little bit and for the competition to catch up. But we are quite confident that given that their facing the very same cost headwinds that we are, that if the market will get back into more equilibrium in the foreseeable future. But again, its one of the reasons that were suggesting that our profile will improve as the year progresses.
David Driscoll: Thank you for the color. Ill pass it along.
Brian Gladden: Thanks David.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Goldman of JP Morgan.
Brian Gladden: Hi.
Ken Goldman: Thanks for the question. So you're guiding to double-digit EPS growth, ex-currency, which is where you usually guide, but still leaves a pretty wide range of possibilities. And when you talk about a 14% approximate EBIT margin, I mean, one of the questions I'm getting is, does that mean it could possibly range between 13.5% and 14.5%? So, if possible, even if just on a qualitative level, could you help narrow those ranges down a little bit, both in terms of, I guess, organic EPS and reported EBIT margin?
Brian Gladden: Look, I think its -- what youre suggesting is wider than we would expect. The reality is there is a volatile environment and we want to be a little bit careful and give ourselves a little bit of room here. But those are sort of the numbers that I think we meant to say, you can interpret them how you like.
Ken Goldman: Okay.
Irene Rosenfeld: But again, we know about what 14 looks like and we know what a double-digit growth rate is. So you can trust us that were not kidding.
Ken Goldman: No, I appreciate that. You can understand from our perspective, though, why it's just tougher to model. But I understand where you're coming from. And then, Brian, at last year's CAGNY, Dave said we should model about a 20% tax rate for the next three to five years, then mid-20s after that. I realize you're guiding to a high-teen tax rate for 2015. But just longer term, is that outlook in general still reasonable for us to use, in your view, as we look ahead?
Brian Gladden: Yeah. Look I think over the mid-term, the next couple of years, 20% is a good number to the extent were somewhat below that for 15. Its sort of acknowledging some expected discretes and some things that we know about it in 2015. But 20% is about the right rate for the next two to three years.
Ken Goldman: And then you would agree that it maybe jumps up by a few percentage points after that?
Brian Gladden: Thats slightly right. Yeah, I wouldnt say jump probably creeps up after that.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Grainger: Hi. Good morning everyone.
Brian Gladden: Hi Matthew.
Irene Rosenfeld: Hi Matthew.
Matthew Grainger: Thanks. Brian, I guess first, one of the sources of cost savings in 2014 was a focus on ANC efficiency and reductions in non-working media. And just wondering, is this a source of savings that you would think can be a continued tailwind this year? And then in a broader sense, including working advertising, can you give us an idea of how you expect ANC to trend in 2015?
Brian Gladden: Yeah. Because I think the team has done a really good job in managing the spend. We made some great progress in driving productivity in the spend around non-working, consolidating media accounts, reducing the spending and driving productivity and then moving more to digital. So all of these elements, I think gave us some flexibility to take the spend down a bit but also to continue to get value from the spend. We actually increased our spending on ANC around our Power Brands last year. And were able to reduce spending in other parts that allowed us to actually get some good momentum there. So I think youll see us continue to focus the spend in the right places. And as we see progress throughout the year, wed like to see that increase actually. So good progress in terms of getting productivity and allowing us to spend those dollars on real working media.
Matthew Grainger: Okay. Great. Thanks, Brian. And Irene, could you elaborate a little bit on your comments earlier on the sales outlook in North America? You talked about trade programs you have in place and a reacceleration, and we've seen this start to become more visible in scanner data as well. So, is your optimism really a function of improved share trends in an environment that's still highly competitive and challenging or are you seeing a moderation in the competitive intensity within your categories overall? 
Irene Rosenfeld: Actually, our share performance has actually been quite strong and we expect that to continue. What actually is encouraging, were starting to see the category recover a little bit. So weve had an incredible run in North America, particularly on our biscuit business. We have been growing 4% to 5% well in excess of the category trends over the last couple of years. As we saw in the back half of last year, we started to see a slowdown and were just basically going to continue to push the levers that have been so successful for us. We have the strong innovation plant. Were continuing to leverage our DSC muscle and we believe that that goes together. We started to see some recovery youre seeing it in the numbers as well. And we believe that that will continue into 2015.
Matthew Grainger: Okay. Great. Thank you both.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thank you. I was hoping, like others on the call, to get a little more color on the behavior of your competition in Europe. Is most of your competition and share losses coming at the expense of multinationals who have not raised price yet in chocolate or is it local players who are staying low? And then especially in the U.K., you know, the U.K. numbers were really weak in fourth quarter. I thought some of it was tough comps from a year ago. But that struck me as the market where you really do have the most pricing power. And I want to know if there's anything you can say specifically about the U.K. being the same or different from the other European markets?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yeah. I wont say the U.K. was different. We saw one of our competitors, Mars, in particular promoting quite aggressively. And Im pleased to say that we have responded to those actions and were feeling comfortable that were going to start to see a trajectory of change there. The reality is that a number of our multinational competitors have just lagged a little bit in their pricing response and that put some pressure on the business. But once again, its one of the reasons we have protected our working ANC so carefully. Its one of the reasons we have really focused very much on looking market-by-market to ensure that weve got the right programming and we have great confidence that we will start to see that trajectory improve. But again, it isnt necessarily going to happen overnight which is why we see the back half. It will build over the course of the year and the back half will be stronger.
Robert Moskow: Irene, how are you determining which markets you want to respond to competitive activities and which you don't? It sounds like you responded to Mars in the U.K.; you responded to the biscuit competition in the U.S. What goes into that decision-making?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, a big focus is really which is the markets that matter most. And as we look at the world, we think about which are our key markets and our focus remains particularly, in a time when we want to make sure that our spending is having the greatest impact. We are focusing it disproportionately on our Power Brands and on those key markets that matter. And youll see us do that in each of our core categories.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Irene Rosenfeld: Hey, Alexia.
Brian Gladden: Hey, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Okay. Can we focus in, to begin with, on SG&A cost savings? As I remember when you set out the original 300 basis points of margin improvement goal over three years, most of that was COGS. I thought about 250 basis points was COGS and the remaining 50 was SG&A. It seems as though you've gone a lot further along on the SG&A cost savings in 2014. Are those coming through better than expected? And what's the key driver of that? And then I have a follow-up.
Brian Gladden: Yeah. I think when you look at cost reduction programs and ZBB as a methodology, overheads are easier to get out. Theyre quicker to realize benefits. And weve done things like changing policies and tightening down controls on spending in key categories of spend. Those things are not depended on capital projects to improve the plan as you would have in COGS-focused effort. So thats really the driver. I think as you look at 2014, probably, slightly ahead of expectations from what we were driving on overheads. And I think there is more to do there. Its clearly going to continue to be a contributor to the margin improvement. And I think youll see that in the 2015 results as well.
Alexia Howard: Very helpful.
Irene Rosenfeld: But I guess, its just under 300 points. It was disproportionately in our developed markets. And I think youre seeing those -- that strong performance play through in the margin progression in 2014 that you see in North America and in Europe. So were very much on track to deliver those targets that we laid out.
Alexia Howard: Great. And then a quick follow-up. I know that the focus is not particularly on the top line at the moment but on innovation, where are you on new products as a percent of sales? Where do you expect that to get to over time? Has it come down in the last couple of years as your focus has played much more onto the margin front? Thank you. And I'll pass it on
Irene Rosenfeld: Yeah. And the innovation is still the lifeblood of our business. We remained very focused on that Alexia. And it was about 13% -- it contributed about 13%, it was about 13% of our revenue. And we expect to see that we will continue to perform in that range, which were quite comfortable with. Its one of the reasons that our Power Brands grew about 4% last year. And were quite comfortable that weve got a pipeline for 2015 that will basically drive the underlying growth that weve laid out in our commitments.
Alexia Howard: Thank you very much. Ill pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks.
Brian Gladden: Hey, Jason.
Jason English: Thank you for taking the question. I guess I'll start on a topic that's been vetted a couple of times in the call and that's the European pricing environment, chocolate, price gaps, et cetera. I think I'm missing something here because I think about the cost structure for a European-based chocolate company. And I've got to be looking at cocoa prices that aren't really up very much; dairy prices that are down meaningfully; sweetener prices that are down meaningfully. All-in, from my vantage point, it looks like the COGS basket is actually deflationary. So what am I missing in that cost picture?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, Jason, if you look at the most recent cost, your point is correct. But if you look over the course of the year, there is no question these cost are all still up year-over-year and thats really what weve been responding to. So the facts are that the market basket of inputs for our chocolate business are among the highest and they were a key part of our -- key reason for contributor to the $1.6 billion of pricing that we took this past year. So it is still a headwind for us. We are taking the necessary steps to start by protecting profitability and making sure that we are pricing to recover those costs. Were supporting our Power Brands in particular with the necessary spending to help to mitigate the impact and Im quite confident that as the market adapts to these new price points, both from an absolute elasticity standpoint, as well as from a price gap standpoint as competitors take pricing actions, I am quite confident that well see the market recover.
Jason English: All right. So if spot prices hold, you probably don't see competitive price reaction in that environment? But what you lose on topline, you probably more than make up for on the bottomline, if the spot holds, Is that a fair characterization?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I -- no, I would say that even with the recent deflation, there is still a net -- theres a need to catch up to some of the earlier cost increases and thats just undeniable.
Jason English: Okay. Last question and I'll pass it on. Brian for you, I like the free cash flow chart you showed, but obviously it's a bit fictitious to pretend that we don't have the restructuring costs? I think if we look across restructuring this past year with both CapEx and cash from ops it was around $1 billion? So can you just give us the forward on how that cash leakage looks over the next two years and I think, based on the comments in the release, what you said before, most, if not all of that goes away in fiscal 17 and but can you just walk us through that detail?
Brian Gladden: Yeah. Look, I think, what I would focus on is the underlying working capital progress is actually really good and we wanted to -- we want to talk about, that I will talk more about at CAGNY. I would say, 2015 will be the high year in terms of cash use for restructuring and CapEx related to the program. So in 16 it will begin to decline and then as you said, 17 it will be relatively small. So I think the underlying cash flow performance when you look at operating cash flow and free cash flow for the business, were working hard to improve that and as this -- the cost related to the restructuring, as they go away, its a pretty powerful cash flow story.
Jason English: And I'm sorry if I missed this, did you give CapEx guidance for 2015 and if not, can you?
Dexter Congbalay: We will talk about
Irene Rosenfeld: I think well provide that at CAGNY.
Jason English: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Bumgarner of Wells Fargo.
John Bumgarner: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Just wanted to ask about the operating margins across your developing markets in totality, I think your initial longer term vision was to hold margins more or less steady overtime, then you had the step down in 2013 with the pressures in China and in Venezuela? You had some recovery this last year, but you're still about 200 basis points below 2012 level? So, I mean, how are you thinking about the ability to get back to that 2012 level, is it practical or is anything more structural changed in terms of reinvestment needs or the categories, just your thoughts there?
Irene Rosenfeld: We still feel comfortable over the reasonable horizon, John, we will be able to get our emerging market margins up to peer levels. As you saw, we had a very strong year in LA. Were making progress in Europe. In EMEA, it doesnt show as well because of this tremendous impact at pricing had on our overall business and AP remains a place a little bit of a construction site for us as we see our China business recovering overtime. So we will see those margins improved, a lot of the focus of our ZBB activities are design to address overhead opportunities in those markets and they will also benefit from some of the supply chain work that were doing particularly as we add more efficient lines with our capacity expansion. So we will see those margins come up in the very short-term, because the currency has been so volatile in those emerging markets. Its been a significant headwind in those geographies.
John Bumgarner: And then, Irene, just to follow up, in terms of the dislocation in Russia and your plans for the, I guess, the new facility there, has that changed your plan at all or is that still the green light?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, as we told you, we are making an investment there. We are still investing in the shell, building in Siberia. And well continue to monitor that situation to make sure that our assets are appropriately protected. As Ive said on the call, Im quite pleased with the performance of our team. They have done a very good job even in the face of some of the sanctions. But certainly, as we think about making additional investments, we want to continue to keep our ear to the ground.
John Bumgarner: Okay. Thank you, Irene.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman: Hi. Good morning.
Brian Gladden: Hey, Eric.
Eric Katzman: I guess a couple of questions, if I could. Brian, I'm a little confused. So you've got roughly -- included in dollar terms, let's call it flattish earnings per share. Your sales are going to be down, if the forecast is correct, about 9%. Your tax rate is a headwind. So you're obviously implying pretty strong margins. Is the -- operating margin -- is the 14%, does that include or exclude currency?
Brian Gladden: It includes currency x%.
Eric Katzman: Yes. But you're including currency, that's like a -- okay. And then kind of more, I guess -- I was just really surprised, like Latin America margins at 20% in the quarter, EU margins at very high levels. I think you mentioned there was a one-time benefit to LatAm. But maybe you could explain a little bit more as to why those margins were just so high, given challenging fundamentals and I assume some currency headwinds even in the quarter.
Brian Gladden: Yeah. I think specifically for LatAm, we talked about it. About half of the improvements driven by costs, cost actions and the other half is a one-time benefit related to VAT accruals in the region that contributed about 20 basis points in the fourth quarter. But the reality is there is underlying improvement in cost structure, the pricing is working. We are improving margins.
Eric Katzman: Okay. Any commentary on the European margins being so high?
Irene Rosenfeld: No. I mean, again, as weve said, as we think about our margin opportunity as an enterprise, the two biggest opportunities lay in our developed markets. And Im very pleased with the progress that weve made in Europe on basically all aspects of the P&L. So, I think we are well positioned.
Brian Gladden: Yes. Its driven by improvements in lower SG&A and better gross margins, so its the right things. Yeah.
Eric Katzman: Okay. And then -- thank you for that. And then -- just kind of thinking like, at least in the fourth quarter, right, volume mix was down in every segment. And your market share, although this is an annual number, you lost market share in a majority of the business. I'm looking on slide 6. I mean that's in dollar terms. Thats in dollar terms. But I guess I'm not really sure how to judge, Irene, kind of organic topline performance. Price is now such a function of trying to offset the currency devaluations. If I look at vol/mix, it's down. Your share is down and your A&P budget is being cut. So kind of how do I think about that? I thought the goal was to gain share even with the categories struggling.
Irene Rosenfeld: So, let me take those in a couple of pieces, Eric. There is no question that our long-term algorithm assumes a balanced, a volume, mix and pricing. And in the short-term, there is no question that were leaning disproportionately on pricing given the enormous increases that we are seeing in both our commodity increases, as well as in the impact of the currency devaluation. So it was about 4.5 points of our 2.4 points of revenue growth. So it was a significant impact, which says vol/mix was a negative and there is no question. As Ive talked about couple of times on the call that in the short-term, the $1.6 billion of pricing that we took has had an impact in the marketplace. We are monitoring that very carefully. We are thoughtful about which market and which categories we are monitoring and protecting. And the end in mind is to get our ourselves back on to a trajectory over the long-term where we grow at or above the rates of our category growth. But in the near-term, the single biggest opportunity for us to ensure that we had adequate money to invest in our franchises is to make sure that were pricing to protect our margins in the face of escalating cost. So there is nothing about the numbers thats inconsistent with the approach that we are taking. Over the long-term, we would expect to see our business is growing at or above the rates of our categories. But in the near-term, while costs are as volatile as they are, we want to make sure that we are protecting our profitability and that has a short-term dislocation impact.
Eric Katzman: Okay. Thanks for that. I'll pass it on.
Dexter Congbalay: Hey, Eric. Regarding -- its Dexter, sorry. Regarding A&C, you said that were cutting A&C. I think Brian mentioned a few minutes ago, we actually increased our spending on our Power Brands. And the reduction in our A&C from a percentage standpoint is largely driven through gaining efficiencies and shifting a little bit more towards digital. So I dont know what you were listening to earlier, but thats what Brain said a few minutes ago.
Eric Katzman: Well, I understand that, but I guess as obviously a very brand-oriented company long-term, advertising and promotion as a percentage of your -- or A&C as a percentage of sales, historically that's been a very good measure of brand equity and brand health. You didn't even mention it anywhere. I mean, there's no comment as to what A&C spending is in the press release
Dexter Congbalay: Eric, it was down a little bit on a percentage of revenue. We increased our spending on our Power Brands. Okay.
Eric Katzman: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: We have time for one more question. Your final question comes from David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer: Thank you. Good morning. Just a quick one on coffee. You said that's included in your 2% organic growth. Does it feel like coffee will be less of a drag, and perhaps significantly so this year than in 2014?
Irene Rosenfeld: Simple answer is yes. I think as you just saw in the fourth quarter, it contributed about 2 points to our overall growth. We had a strong fourth quarter. We are well staged for this year as we set up the JV. And as we said, we are confident that the deal will close sometime this year.
David Palmer: And then second, just if you were to summarize the emerging market demand expectations, excluding currency, how do you expect overall revenue and profit trends in the emerging markets to compare to 2014? I asked partly because you've highlighted some cross-currents, like Russia perhaps getting worse and China perhaps getting better. Thanks.
Irene Rosenfeld: No, I mean emerging markets continue to be an important source of our growth. So we expect to see some recovery, as again as the markets adjust to the pricing levels, as we close our price gaps, and as we continue to invest in the franchises. So we have great hopes for our emerging markets in aggregate. I did call out Russia because I would suggest given the events there we would expect to see a somewhat different trend there next year in 2015 than we had last year. But long-term, we continue to feel quite bullish about Russia and the rest of our emerging markets. But, I mean, if you look at our performance in India and Brazil and China is starting to come back, they will be a critical piece of our performance in 2015.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Dexter Congbalay: Thanks, David.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session of todays conference. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Dexter Congbalay: Hi, its Dexter. Thanks for everybody for joining the call. Nick and I will be available for the rest of the day and over the course of the next week. Well see everybody at CAGNY. Just so everybody knows well be presenting at 12:30 on Tuesday -- 12:30 Eastern Time. And we hope to see everybody there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude todays conference call. Please disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Dexter Congbalay - VP, IR Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO  Dave Brearton - CFO Brian Gladden - Incoming CFO 
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citi Jason English - Goldman Sachs Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Mondelz International Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Todays call is scheduled to last about one hour including remarks by Mondelz management and the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dexter Congbalay, Vice President Investor Relations for Mondelz International. Please go ahead, sir.
Dexter Congbalay: Good morning and thanks for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO and Dave Brearton, our CFO, and Brian Gladden our incoming CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release in todays slides, which are available on our Web site Mondelzinternational.com. As you know, during this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the Company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Dexter, and good morning. I am pleased to report that we had a strong third quarter in an environment that continues to be challenging we delivered top tier earnings growth and margin expansion as well as solid revenue growth. Specifically organic revenue was up 2.7%, adjusted operating income margin increased 140 basis points to 13.6%, and adjusted EPS was $0.50 up 33% on a constant currency basis due largely by strong operating gains. This is the third consecutive quarter that weve expanded margins by at least 100 basis points and posted doubled digit EPS growth We delivered this by successfully executing our productivity and supply chain initiatives and through early wins from our zero based budgeting program. The primary revenue driver in Q3 was pricing to offset higher input cost which contributed 5.8 percentage points to our growth. Our pricing actions were broad based spanning all categories and regions, though they were most significant in chocolate and coffee given the steep rise in both cocoa and green coffee cost. As expected, increased pricing and the wider price graphs that resulted pressured overall volume mix, which was down 3.1 percentage points. Volume mix was also affected by the pricing related customer disputes in France that we mentioned last quarter. We priced to fully recover commodity and currency see impacts and we took action earlier than our competition. As we discussed in our last earnings call, in the short term, this will temper revenue growth until gaps narrow and customers and consumers adapt to the higher prices. Fortunately, towards the end of the quarter, conditions started to improve. Most of the customer disputes have now been resolved and price gaps have began to narrow, especially in emerging markets. Overall, organic revenue grew 2.7%, driven by an increase of 9% in emerging markets. Some of that growth was due to China, which grew high single digits behind stepped up innovation and marketing as we lapped last year's inventory destock. Another factor was the impact of hyperinflationary markets. And we are very pleased that Brazil, Russia and India each posted double digit increases including solid contributions from vol mix and innovation. For instance, in Brazil, Oreo and belVita continued to perform well. In Russia, our Marvellous Creations platform captured a 1% share of the chocolate tablet market within its first month, while new Dirol flavors and innovative packaging drove share gains in gum. And in India, new pack sizes and formats for Cadbury Dairy Milk fuels double digit growth and strong share gains. In developed markets, organic revenue declined 1.3% as we continue to deal with an increasingly tough operating environment. That included temporary dislocations associated with pricing related customer disputes especially in Europe and increased promotions by competitors particularly in North America. In both cases, we chose to stand our ground to maintain the investments necessary to support our brands over the long-term.  Let's look more closely at our Q3 revenue by region. In Europe, which accounts for about 40% of our business, organic revenue was down 2.4%. The commercial dispute accounted for more than a 100 basis points of the decline. In Q4, we expect less of a headwind from these disputes. As I mentioned earlier over the past month we've reached agreements with most of our customers though we did lose some distribution with a few of them. In addition and as expected, the elasticity impact of higher pricing significantly tempered our volumes. This was especially true in coffee where for the first time in two years, we increased prices. As expected consumers and customers reduced pantry and trade stocks after the price increase which affected volumes. So, coffee revenue was a 50 basis point headwind in Europe.  In North America. organic revenue was essentially flat for the quarter. U.S biscuits up-low single digits, a big slower than last quarter but in line with the category as we cycled strong prior year growth. This was offset by a decline in confections. In EMEA, organic revenue grew 5.6%. Russia led the way with mid-teens growth including double digit gains in coffee, chocolate and biscuits. I recently visited our team in Russia and in the phase of significant macro-economic headwinds, they are doing an exceptional job of defying gravity and growing well in excess of GDP. Russia's performance is more than offset weakness in other markets in the region that are experiencing political and economic instability. Latin America grew 18.5%, the fifth straight quarter of double-digit growth. Brazil delivered another strong quarter up mid-teens with positive vol mix despite significant pricing. Growth in Brazil was broad based. Biscuits, chocolate, powder beverages and gum and candy, all posted strong gains. The inflationary economies of Argentina and Venezuela continued to drive the sharp rise in pricing for the region overall. And finally, Asia Pacific returned to growth this quarter with organic revenue up 1.3%. China grew nearly 10% as we cycled last year's inventory destocking and began to see the impact of our turnaround plan. Although the macro environment remains soft, we are seeing early signs of success with our reinvigorated marketing and innovation programs. For example we recently introduced innovations such as Oreo Thins and Mini Oreos as well as new packaging formats to broaden usage occasions. We also adapted some proven marketing programs from our global playbook such as the Oreo WONDERFILLED campaign. In response, biscuit category growth in China has kicked up recently and our share trends have also improved. Beyond, China India delivered another quarter of double digit growth behind strong gains in chocolate and Australia and New Zealand grow low single digits as the retail environment stabilized.  Now let's have a look at category growth. Overall global category growth remain below long-term trends. Year-to-date growth for our snacks categories was around 4% and stood at about 3.5% for all of our categories including beverages, cheese and grocery. Our organic revenue grew 2.2% over that same period, in line with our annual guidance but a little more than a point below category growth. This difference is primarily due to three things, the elasticity impact of significant chocolate pricing, the impact of the customer disputes in France across a number of our categories and the cycling of the investments we made in China biscuits last year. In Q4, we expect the impact of chocolate pricing and the residual effect of the French trade dispute to continue. These factors are built into our full year revenue guidance. Turning to market share, overall year-to-date performance remained solid with 54% of our revenues gaining or holding share. Given that we increased pricing in all of our categories, shares softened a bit in Q3 to about 49% as we had expected. As we exit the year, we expect our shares to stabilize as consumers adjust to new price points and gaps begin to narrow.  So to summarize, we delivered solid top line growth in a challenging consumer and customer environment. In the phase of this temporary period, a weaker category growth, we've made a conscious decision to increase prices to recover higher input cost even if we have to accept some near term share loss. At the same time, we're continuing to invest in high return route to market and capacity expansion projects, while driving productivity and cost reduction to increase earnings, expand margins and fuel further growth. Near term, leveraging this approach through 2015, we'll deliver value to our shareholders regardless of the macro environment. And over the long term, this will enable us to deliver sustainable top tier performance on both the top and bottom lines. With that, let me turn it over to Dave.
Dave Brearton:  Thanks Irene. Good morning. Over the next few slides, I'll walk you through our bottom line results and our updated outlook. Adjusted gross profit dollars were up 3.1% and adjusted gross profit margin increased 40 basis points. We continue to deliver productivity at record levels. Year-to-date we generated net productivity of more than 2.5%. Costs increased high single digits in the quarter due primarily to coffee, cocoa and currency. Forex actually drove about half of that increase primarily in emerging markets. We priced to recover these costs on a dollar basis, with pricing contributing nearly 6% points in the quarter. Of course with this level of pricing, the percentage margin was negatively affected by what we call the denominator effect. But our strong productivity programs and a modest mark-to-market benefit allowed us to expand gross margins in the quarter.  Now let's take a closer look at operating income. As Irene mentioned earlier, we've now posted our third consecutive quarter of significant adjusted OI margin expansion since we outlined our supply chain and cost reduction initiatives. Specifically, adjusted OI dollars increased 16.5% in the third quarter and we're up 14.7% year-to-date on a constant currency basis. Adjusted OI margin was 13.6% up a 140 basis points in Q3. Year-to-date, adjusted OI margin has increased to 130 basis points to 12.8%. Our margin expansion was mainly driven by lower overheads, as we're beginning to see the benefits of our ZBB program playing through the P&L. Changes in our spending policies are already making a difference in overheads, and we expect these savings to continue to build as we enter 2015.  In addition we're continuing to drive AMC efficiencies by reducing non working cost like advertising production. And the consolidation of our agency and media provider especially in emerging markets like EMEA and Asia-Pacific is providing real savings to our bottom line. Importantly our working media investment and the level of consumer engagement remains in line with prior year, as we continue to invest in our brands at a healthy rate. And within our working media, we're continuing to shift more of our global media spending to digital, which delivers about twice the ROI of traditional media.  Taking a closer look at margins, it's encouraging to see the breadth of our margin expansion. Through September, all five of our regions delivered higher margins versus the prior year. North America and Europe each delivered approximately 200 basis points of margin improvement. Not surprisingly these two regions are delivering the lion share of our margin expansion, as they're the primary focus of our supply chain work and overhead cost programs. But Latin America, EMEA and Asia-Pacific also delivered higher margins for the first nine months.  Turning to EPS, our margin improvement is also driving strong EPS growth. Through the first nine months, our adjusted EPS was $1.29 up 22% on a constant currency basis. Operating gains are the key driver accounting for 19 of the $0.25 of improvement on a constant currency basis year-to-date. Lower interest expense and the impact of share buybacks provided another $0.12 of upside more than offsetting a $0.06 headwind as we had last years exceptionally low tax rate. Let me now quickly update you on where we stand on capital allocation and cash flow. With regard to free cash flow, we remain on track to deliver our two year target of $3.7 billion. Our growth and earnings coupled with our continued focus on improving working capital are the primary drivers. Through September, our cash conversion cycle improved approximately 21 days consistent with year-to-date performance. We have also returned over $1.9 billion for our shareholders including repurchasing $1.2 billion of stock or about 34 million shares. Based on this, we now expect our total share repurchases for 2014 to be between $1.2 billion and $2 billion. Additionally, we paid at a little over $700 million in dividends. Turning to our outlook, although Q3 revenue came in better than expected were maintaining our top line outlook. Global economic conditions and the category growth remain challenging and while we reach agreements to resolve most of our customer disputes, we remain cautious about residual impact on Q4; however, we are raising our guidance on adjusted operating income and margin based on our strong performance through the first nine months. Adjusted operating income on a constant currency is now expected to grow approximately 10%, up from high single digits previously, and adjusted OI margin is now projected at approximately 13% versus the high 12s we guided to early this year. Our confidence in delivering the higher OI margin target is routed in our strong margin expansion year-to-date as well as our visibility to the pipeline of cost and productivity savings for the balance of the year. We are also increasing our adjusted EPS range by $0.09 to $1.82 to $1.87 on a constant currency basis, up from the previous range of $1.73 to $1.78. This includes about $0.06 from the lower than expected effective tax rate reflecting a number of favorable discrete tax events. For the year, we estimated effective tax rate in the high teens versus our prior expectations of around 20%. Our strong operating performance added $0.01 to $0.02. The remaining $0.01 to $0.02 comes from favorable interest expense. In our revised guidance, weve included a similar benefit in the fourth quarter. At this point, I want to pause for a moment to thank Irene, the Board and the leadership team and specially all of the people on my finance team based around the world for the opportunity to serve as CFO and the for the tremendous support over the years. As you know, this is my last earnings call as CFO on December 1st, Ill assume new role that focuses primary on the establishment and launch of our coffee joint venture with D.E Master Blenders. I would also like to this opportunity to welcome Brian Gladden as our incoming CFO who joining us at an exciting time as we accelerate our growth and cost agendas. Brian is a seasoned financial leader who knows how to create shareholder value. His background together with extensive experience operating in emerging market and developing talent will greatly benefit our global organization and our shareholders. With that, let me hand it over to Brian for a few words.
Brian Gladden: Thanks, Dave, its really great to be here. I am very excited to join the team and I look forward to helping our company reach its potential. We have an aggressive transformation agenda underway and I am thrilled to help lead that effort going forward. Dave and I have already been working together very closely to ensure smooth transition and I look forward to meeting many of you in the near future. With that, let me turn it back to Irene for a quick update on our strategic initiatives.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Brian. Let me add my welcome to you and also to extend my heartfelt thanks to Dave who has been a terrific partner over the years, but of course Dave is not off the hook which is a good segway to a review of our strategic initiatives which remain firmly on track. First our planned coffee joint venture is moving ahead and we continue to expect the deals to close in 2015. We are making progress in securing regulatory approvals as well as engaging with our work councils. As you can imagine, there is still a lot to do at this stage of the business for continued success so I am very pleased that Dave will be able to focus on this project at this critical juncture. Second, we continue to advance our goal to deliver best-in-class cost in both our supply chain and in overhead. On the supply chain reinvention front in the next few weeks, well open our newest Greenfield biscuit plant in Salinas, Mexico, right on schedule. As weve said in the past, this plant will provide 1000 basis points of margin improvement for products made there, compared to our existing network and we recently announced a $90 million investment in a new biscuit plant in Bahrain to support regional growth. We are in the midst of our first annual budget process leveraging our new ZBB toolkit and revised cost policies. I can tell you that ZBB is having desired impact on our culture. Were pushing our teams to make the tradeoffs to budget at a very granular level and challenge old ways of thinking. This sets the stage for a best-in-class cost structure and further margin improvement over the next few years. Finally as you know this past May we announced the adoption of a category led model in all of our regions starting January 1st, 2015. This operating model will deliver improvement in both our top and bottom lines by accelerating launches of proven innovations around the world by clarifying and streamlining decision making, by reducing cost through simplification, standardization and scale and by building world class capabilities and operating discipline. This is a significant change in how we run the business, especially in our emerging markets. Right now we are staging the new organization for launch. We've announced all the leaders of the region category structure and their staffs. And in the coming weeks, we will be working to ensure that the new organization is in place to deliver our 2015 plan. As you can imagine all of this transformation work is quite an undertaking. But big change is something we do very well here. I am quite confident in our ability to successfully implement these initiatives to get this company fit to win regardless of the macro-environment and to deliver sustainable profitable growth over the long-term. With that, let me open it up now for your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays:  Two questions from me. First on last quarter's call, it sort of seemed like organic sales growth in the third quarter would be probably more similar to 2Q given all the issues that you had discussed on the call. It came in better and you did hold your, full year organic sales target range kind of steady. I am just trying to get a sense of do this suggest you potentially feel better about the upper end of that 2% to 2.55% range or not. And the reason I ask is you have an easier comp in 4Q. And if you would hit the lower end of a range that would imply a sort of a sequential deceleration in organic sales in the fourth quarter. I am just trying to get a sense if there be any reasons we should expect that?
Dave Brearton:  Andrew, its Dave. I think year to date our organic growth is 2.2%. So it's about middle of that range year-to-date. As we look at quarter four, I think a lot of the stuff we talked about on this call for quarter three; we would expect to continue on. Global category growth is probably not going to change especially in Europe where other consumers are under a bit more pressure. Competition has price, particularly on chocolate in our emerging markets, but in Europe they haven't yet price and it doesnt look like they will through quarter four. And while as Irene said, we resolved the French disputes in Europe and the process we lost a little bit of distribution in a few customers and some of those disputes were only resolved in October. So you are going to see all of those factors carry forward into Q4. So we just felt it was prudent to keep our full year guidance of the 2% to 2.5% range.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays:  Thanks for that. And then secondly, I certainly understand the impact around the math of higher pricing on the gross margin percentage and such. But I guess, I am just trying to get a sense of such a big part of the story going forward is really as organic sales growth accelerates, it should happen on in even more compelling cost structure and then the earnings leverage that comes from that. And I guess I would have thought with all the productivity that you are generating. We would have still seen more underlying gross margin improvement. So trying to get a sense if there is anything else at work there that was a headwind or was it really as you see it purely the math of the pricing?
Dave Brearton: Yes. The simple answer is the math of the pricing. Our commodity costs and Forex impacts in the quarter were up in the high single digit, so a very big number. We price to fully recover that in dollar terms and that's why you saw the 6% pricing come through and we were able to get that in the market while maintaining good performance on our shares. But the simple math is if we are maintaining $1 margin on a 6% price increase is that you end up with this denominator effect and it was quite material in the quarter. Our net productivity as you pointed out was at record levels. We've never had better than net productivity of 2.5%. And that did drop through, that provide a gross margin dollar growth and it allowed us to fully offset that denominator impact and drive a little bit of gross margin gain. So I understand the question but we are actually quite happy that we grew gross margins in the phase of high single digit commodity and Forex impacts in the quarter. As we go forward, I don't think we will see those kind of costs and price increases every year. I think that equation of pricing recovered dollars and using productivity to cover the percentage impact and still drive give us fuel to drive growth will result in gross margins increasing over time and you are right, it's a key part of why we believe we can get to the 15% to 16% OI margins by 2016.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan:  Hey good morning everybody. Dave best of luck going forward. Brian I don't know if you are available for questions but I am curious how you would describe your style in general, what do you think your strengths are as a CFO, what do you think you bring to the company your new role? And then also when you left Dell you quoted as saying that you do have a desire to run a company. So I am curious, how that corresponds with your new role, its a huge responsibility but its not running the shebang so to speak. So I am just trying to understand your personal goals and how that corresponds with that quote a little better.
Dave Brearton:  Hey, Ken thanks. I would start by saying obviously great to be here, just getting started enjoying the transition and the time with Dave to really learn the business. For me this is a terrific opportunity to be part of building something great here and I would just say I'm very excited, I think I expect I'll have the chance to spend some time with you guys over the next quarter or two and at that point I'll be able to share some early thoughts on sort of how I think about the business and how you'll see my role playing out, but I'm extremely excited to be the CFO and partner with Irene here to drive the company going forward.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan:  So you're you good in answering questions politically, I like that. And then Irene, part of the margin and maybe this is a better question for Dave but part of the margin growth story depends on plants around the world closing and opening in line with your schedule, can you update us on progress here, have been any delays or is everything on pace with kind of what you anticipated?
Irene Rosenfeld: No actually we're feeling quite good about the pace, obviously the most important next big investment was in Salinas and as I mentioned we're very pleased with the progress and we're about to have that plant up and running. As we look around the rest of the world everything is pretty much on schedule, the one place that we're continuing to be keep a watch on is that we have a plant in Siberia that's about to come on stream in the next year and a half and we'll continue to keep our eyes on that as we watch the political situation there but net-net we're very much on track with all of the supply chain reinvention initiatives that we laid out, and as you know that's going to be a big part of our gross margin improvement going forward.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank:  Good morning everybody, Dave best of luck.
Dave Brearton:  Hi Eric.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay, couple of questions. How much was total advertising and promotion down in the quarter?
Dave Brearton:  I think it was down a 100% due to the productivity efforts we mentioned our working media was actually dead flat versus year ago so we continue to spend the same amount of time there. In terms of the productivity impacts, I don't think, I'm not sure I want to give you that number right now, but I can tell you it is below the 9% rate that we recorded in the past but it's all been based on the agency consolidation and the ZBB approach we took to the non working media. So we're pretty confident that we kept the investment at the level it needs to be.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: It looked like if your product I'm kind of wondering how much came out of Europe, because your product is not on the shelf or a small percentage of what it was, why would you advertise there if you don't have product on shelf, I mean was that a material factor in the quarter?
Dave Brearton:  No, not really. That was really a French issue so one country in Europe, one of the most important things as you go through these pricing periods is that you continue to support the brands because you got to make sure you've got the consumer poll to help drive that pricing through both the customers and get the consumers over the price shot. So we very much focused on maintaining our working media investments in Europe and frankly globally.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: All right, and then Irene, most companies have been reporting very slower growth in Brazil, Russia is a big question mark, China slowing down and yet you're reporting very strong growth in those markets almost no elasticity in Latin America despite close to 20% pricing, the company has a history of over-shipping consumption, why should we be comfortable that that these volumes performances are okay?
Irene Rosenfeld:  Well Eric, I would tell you Eric is that there is no question we are doing better than our categories in a number of these markets, we're very pleased with the impact that our marketing support has had that our innovation programs are having and that's been a key driver of our ability to outgrow the markets. We continue to watch the performance of the macro economy in key markets like Russia to make sure that our inventories are properly balanced and as I've shared with you in the past, we've got very good visibility and to that to make sure that our sell out and sell in are properly balanced, so we're very pleased with the performance of our businesses in some of these markets where the macro economies have suffered, but I think it's partly because we're taking a number of steps to control our own destiny in those markets with respect to the marketing support and the inputs that we're providing.
Dave Brearton:  And I think Eric, just to follow on that. The categories in our BRIC markets are holding up surprisingly well as the GDP is pretty dismal in a lot of those markets but surprisingly our categories remain strong growing roughly in the mid single digit. And we gained share in most of the categories we compete in the BRIC markets, so we got to watch it very carefully, a couple of years ago we did have some examples of over-shipping in China, but I think as we look at it today we kept pretty tight control on the trade stock situation. We're very aware that the categories are sort of defined gradually at this point we're watching it very closely that I think we're probably a key part of the innovation and investments Irene mentioned.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Great, and then if I could sorry, just one more Dave before you go, something I always asked about, but nine months using your own press release nine months free cash flow is only 40 million yet you've reported 2.2 billion of adjusted net income and youre saying that you are still going to get to the 3.7 billion over the two years, I look like working capital was a massive use in the quarter. How do you bridge that gap and deliver? I dont see how fourth quarter can be such a big positive swing versus almost no cash flow year-to-date or free cash flow, I should say?
Dave Brearton: The $3.7 billion was a number that excluded a couple of key items. It excluded the Starbucks gain last year 1.7 billion after tax. It excluded the actual tax payments on that Starbucks gain and excluded the debt tender class of that we use that gain to be able to execute given the tax situation that gave us, so included restructuring, it included all the other noise, but I think specially around those items tied to the Starbucks gain it was not part of that. I think if you included all those things 3.7 would actually be higher, but within that Starbucks gain obviously came last year and roughly $800 million of the tax payment on Starbucks gain and the debt tender cost in the first quarter this year. So if you take all that out, we would be up about 800 million on the quarter and that gives well on track to the 1.4 billion we needed to get the 2 year 3.7 billion target. If you want all throw all that back in we would have a much higher cash flow target, than we have talked about in the past last year and it would balance out a bit some of those spending this year. But were well on track, I mean, our cash flow were quite happy with where we are. The working capital is up versus December 31st but thats normal. December, due to the seasonality of our business is always our lowest working capital quarter and it always has been and September actually is leading into the heavy quarter for season. So we have higher inventories and we started to see higher receivables come through in September. So thats a fairly normal situation. When you look at it on a days basis, were down as I said on the earlier about 20 days on our cash conversion cycle, so the working capital performance has been quite good. But when you compare it to December, youll always see working capital increase particularly third quarter and tends to the peak.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Thank you very much and David best wishes to you. I guess when I look at how this year is progressing gross profit dollars will actually be down for the year but David you said that there has been a lot of productivity gains and that youre on track in your supply chain reinvention, so I guess I wanted to know if you could help us quantify what those productivity benefits are and maybe explain why theyre not improving gross profit dollars just yet? And then secondly on the SG&A, its very encouraging to see so much productivity on SG&A line, I just wanted to get a sense of what we can expect for next year on that line because some of these advertising efficiency improvements its hard to see how you can do that in two years in a row but would love to see how ZBB is going to help? Thanks.
Dave Brearton: I guess on the first one, gross margin is down on a reported basis due to currency really. So currency obviously impacts the entire P&L and it does result in gross margin, dollar came down on a dollar basis. But I think if you strip out currency on a constant currency basis, as we said earlier, were up about 3% on dollar basis. And that is a reflection of fully pricing to recover those commodities in Forex impact, which was a big number. And net productivity coming through at 2.5% of cost to goods sold, which is a record number and that really is the reason were able to grow our gross margins and thats the reason we are fairly confident that we can continue to thrive margin growth going forward and offset pricing impact. So we actually feel very good about the gross margin. I think youre looking at a reported Forex basis when we say its down. On the SG&A, I think the ZBB process as Irene said is really, it started this year around mostly just making people aware and trying to take its new approach to looking at things. Were in our first cycle of building budget that way, so I think wed expect to the savings continue and build into 2015. Specifically on the A&C line, youre right I think most of the low hanging fruit would have come this year, but will be a carryover benefit to some of that carrying over to next year when we get the full year benefit. But I think you will see more of the ZBB savings on the overhead line and less A&C next year, but I think if well build as we go through the year as well.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Do you have a top line or a top down target for ZBB savings for next year kind of like something that youre thinking of?
Dave Brearton: We do but were not going to give you on 2015 guidance today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: Another years not over yet but it feels like the majority the EBIT margin growth this year has been and will be SG&A productivity, wondering heading into the next year will those changes internally which may have been distracting, are you getting past what perhaps might have been traumatic or at least appear to change in internal review for you marking selling function as well general overhead function, and perhaps getting more on your front foot as you head into 15, any comments on that would be helpful? Thanks.
Irene Rosenfeld: I think there is no question were starting to see the result of all of our transformation initiatives coming together and I think were feeling very good about the progress that we have made year-to-date. And as I said in my remarks, we dont expect a dramatic change in the macro-environment as we look ahead so that we anticipate continuing to leverage this approach. So I think it's clearly we are beginning to make consciousness cost reduction productivity a part of the DNA, we are starting to see it play through, it's a critical piece and a critical driver of our margins as we look ahead. And I had every confidence that that will continue to play through as we look to the future. The facts are though we haven't begun yet to implement the new organization model which I mentioned will happen as of January 1st 2015 and I think that will be a further help to our overall ability to deliver the targets that we've laid out. 
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: And then separately in the United States how would you explain the slowing that we are seeing in the U.S. biscuit category in cookies and crackers. Do you have any thoughts there?
Irene Rosenfeld:  We had a really strong run in our biscuit business and I am very pleased with the performance that they've delivered. Our revenue has been growing about 4% to 5% for the past couple of years and it has been driven by some fabulous marketing execution as well as a very strong DSD selling organization. We are seeing a category growth slowing from about 2% to 3% but we've been outgrowing the category for quite some time its now down about 1% to 2% and we think that's probably likely to be a factor in the near term as the consumer particularly in North America wrestles with the tough economy that some of these are discretionary purchases and we think it has some impact on our categories. Our focus is going to be continuing to innovate and drive our share within that larger macro-economy as well as continuing to make very significant progress on the margin front. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Hey, good morning and Dave congratulations, wish you well going forward. I had a question sort of following up on some of the items that people are focused on this morning on just gross profits and gross margins. And so I guess couple of things I would like to get some comments on first, just how much of your commodity exposure is currently locked in for this year and is there anything that's kind of locked in for next year. Just trying to get a sense on visibility on commodity costs?
Dave Brearton:  Yes, I dont think we will give you our hedging policy that would cross the line but I think it's fair to say that for this year we are a 100% locked in, there is really not much exposure. I think on our commodity coverage, our strategy is to cover until we believe we can price. That tends to be how we do our commodity and Forex coverage decisions. And the only caveat for that is in many emerging markets, it's quite difficult to get some of the currency hedges you'd like to get in place. But that's our overall strategy is to try to hedge until we can price.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then I guess looking at just the foreign currency transaction impact that really wasn't very much of a factor in Q3. Is that a potential headwind for 2015 or even for 4Q in 2015 going forward?
Dave Brearton :  Actually the foreign currency transaction impact is what we talk about when we say our commodity and we are going to price away commodities and Forex impacts. That is Forex transaction and that was about half of the high single digit cost increase I referred to. So it was material primarily in emerging markets obviously with some of the latest moves over the last month that will become more of a factor in Europe but it already has been a significant factor in cost movement this year.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then in terms of pricing, have you already priced, have you basically taken all the pricing you need so far based on what you know in terms of commodity costs and FX transactions. Obviously now knowing what's going to happen down the road. Just trying to make a sense is you've been putting pricing in for the second quarter, the third quarter. From now are you primarily done with that or is there still more new pricing that has to be instituted?
Dave Brearton: It varies a lot by market and category but the I guess two parts of we have announced more price increases in some markets but none of that is required to hit the quarter four, so that's more about making sure we continue to stay on the cost curve as we go into next year. So that there is more pricing coming through but its not necessary to hit the quarter four guidance we just gave you. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citi Research.
David Driscoll - Citi:  Great, thank you and good morning everyone. Dave I would like to add my congratulations and best of luck on the new role and I appreciate all the assistance over the years. What I would like to ask you is Irene on the margin front, and I think you've said this before but I get this question all the time, is the weak volume environment, does it concern you to a degree of being able to achieve your long-term margin targets?
Irene Rosenfeld: David, I feel quite confident as we think about our long-term strategy. We are confident that we will be able to deliver top-tier revenue and earnings growth. We have very strong categories even when they slow down, they are still growing faster than most other food categories. Our brands are strong, we have strong market positions in our key markets and we've got a very good geographic footprint particularly with respect to emerging market. So I think the fundamental elements that we have that comprise our portfolio will still suggest that we have the potential to grow at a very healthy rate over the long-term. In this challenging environment though we have chosen to focus on what we can control and that is driving productivity and aggressive cost reduction and that's what's fueling our earnings in the short term. So over the long term I feel quite confident that we've got the right element to be able to deliver top tier growth on both of the top and bottom lines, but in the near term while we see the macro-economy in its current condition, we're choosing to focus on what we can control which is primarily the cost.
David Driscoll - Citi:  Well maybe if I could you said a lot right there, so maybe if I could just clarify as best I can is that the 15% to 16% margin target is predominantly based upon things that you can control internally and that with year to date volumes down I think its 1.8% that's not a killer in being able to achieve those targets, is that just a fair statement?
Irene Rosenfeld:  That is a fair statement, as I've said in my remarks, we do not expect a dramatic change in the macro-environment or in our trends and therefore we anticipate continuing to leverage the approach that is working so well for us right now as we head into 2015 that said we're continuing to make the necessary and high return foundational investment so that as our markets recover particularly in the emerging markets we're able to benefit from that but I would suggest obviously we're not giving a 2015 guidance today but I would say that the algorithm and the approach that we're taking here is serving us well and will serve us well for the foreseeable future.
David Driscoll - Citi:  One last one for me, just a little one, I think you said that China saw mid single digit growth there and those numbers have been very volatile because of last year's Golden Oreo launch the quarterly numbers have been very volatile, is the right way to think about China at this point kind of a mid single digit grower going forward at least in the next handful of quarters is that a reasonable way to think about China now?
Irene Rosenfeld:  No I'm not going to give market by market guidance, but I would say that this is an unusual quarter because of the year ago comp in terms of the inventory destock, so as I said we're starting to see some early signs of success and response for our marketing programs, we expect that that will build, but it's going to be a slow build, we've got some work to do in China.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs:  Hey good morning folks. First quick housekeeping item, can you give us some of the puts and takes that are going to weigh on EPS for the fourth quarter, your guidance sort of suggest that it's going to be down a couple of cents year on year?
Dave Brearton:  Yes, I think essentially what we're projecting for the fourth quarter would be interest roughly in line of with what you saw in the third quarter. The tax rates probably around the 20 low 20s range, because we dont see a lot of the discrete items coming in the fourth quarter and operating income margin mathematically to get to around 13% in the year would need to be in the high 13s, so that's kind of the composition of the quarter four.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: That's helpful. I want to turn to productivity, I know there's been a lot of questions on this, but your Mexican facility coming online, can you give us a sense of how much volume or what percentage of your volume in the North America and Lat-Am's going to be flowing to this facility and then once this comes online, what are the next steps in terms of attacking your legacy North American infrastructure?
Dave Brearton:  I think we've done a fair bid there, what we said about the Salinas facility it's all about growth volume so what is going into that facility is growth on our core Oreo, belVita and Ritz lines and that's really how we're going to fill up those pipelines three of them are coming up this quarter. So that is that's really what that is about, so the vast majority of the volume will still come out of the legacy facility, beyond that though we also announced earlier this year that we would be closing the Philadelphia's facility and investing money in both our Richmond and Fairmont facilities to upgrade those legacy facilities. So I think our margin improvement program in North America is for Salinas but also making sure we have the right network here in the U.S. 
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Okay and real quick last one, gum, it's been a while since you guys talked about the category how it's doing and how you're doing in the category, can you give us an update?
Irene Rosenfeld:  Gum is about 8% of our revenue today and about half of it today is now in emerging markets and the good news is that the category continues to be generally quite robust in the emerging markets, if you look at our year-to-date trends they're not as strong as because of the net impact of the Mexican VAT on the gum category if you recall it's about a 16% VAT which obviously in the short term's having a profound impact on the Mexican gum category, but in aggregate ex-Mexico, our emerging markets are growing over 5%, so we feel quite good about the profile in the emerging markets and we are starting to see the impact of a number of our near term programs on our share performance over half of our shares are growing or holding and particularly in China which is the basically the number two gum market in the world, we continue to see very strong performance that's going to be about a $150 million business for us this year. So net-net we haven't solved the longer term macro trends in developed markets, but as our shifts increasingly to the emerging markets, we feel quite confident that we'll continue to benefit from the growth there.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley:  Just echo what everyone else said and good luck to Dave. First question, just on the regions, on Asia specifically, organic sales growth was up 1.3%, but China was up high single. Australia/New Zealand was positive. India was quite strong. So just trying to reconcile those -- the importance of those markets and curious what other markets or factors weighed on the overall region and how sustainable those issues might be?
Dave Brearton : I think the other two areas of the region would be Japan which is primarily the market and I think the category we did very well on share, but the category then decline and probably well continue to decline because of aging population demographics. And other one is Southeast Asia and I think the news in the quarter there was around Malaysia and there was a report that was inaccurate that said our chocolate wasnt Halal and that caused their volumes to go down and then third quarter in Malaysia, were in the process of working through that and clarifying with our consumer but nothing really has changed, but it has an impact on the very quarter shipments. So those would be the two other items in Asia.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley : Okay, thanks, Dave. Brian, if I could ask you one other quick question, if it's one you can answer. Even though you are not formally in the CFO role yet, now that you have been named to the post, are you actively involved in the 2015 budget process and the ongoing process of assessing the business outlook and setting guidance?
Brian Gladden: Absolutely, I mean, we spent the last couple of weeks in a lot of deeper views really focused 2015, so thats been a primary focus, and David and I have spent a lot of time together.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Can I ask about the impact of SKU rationalization? I know I guess this time last year, there was a comment that you were starting with 74,000 SKUs globally and an expectation that would be reduced quite significantly over the next two or three years. Is that hitting your topline today? Will it continue to hit somewhat over the next year or so? Can you give us any idea, now that you are a year into this rationalization, just how much those numbers might come down over time? Thank you.
Dave Brearton : I think the rationalization weve talked about is probably most advanced in Europe and yes it is included in both results as well as the guidance we gave going forward. I would expect us to continue to do that. Any good company is just good housekeeping that continued cleaning up SKUs and so I think youll continue to see those things and any guidance that we give you will include the impact of that SKU rationalization.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: But given that -- I think there was a conversation about meaningful 20%, 30% reductions, in some cases. Do you have an idea about what the endpoint here is or what the number could go down to over the longer term?
Dave Brearton : I think our comment on the 20% to 30% was specifically around the couple of programs we had in Europe and were on track to deliver that. I dont think we give any total SKU number, but I think you can expect us to take kind of European program and apply that logic elsewhere. And importantly SKU reduction can result in top line impact. It can actually just clean up the shelves and help us drive growth going forward, so it isnt necessarily a revenue hit, it can be and if it was to some degree this year in Europe, but it doesnt necessarily have to be. So well continue to apply those principles are actually quite tightly to the supply chain reinvention program weve gotten. The key part of is enabling Daniel Myers to streamline the network.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal: I just had two quick follow-up questions. One is last quarter; you guys reduced the OI growth rate. Now you are actually going and actually raising it. Can you isolate one to three reasons of what are the major changes of going from one quarter to another quarter in terms of the outlook on that?
Dave Brearton : I think last quarter what we did is we called down our revenue guidance and we kept our margin guidance. So mathematically that means we have to reduce our OI growth rate. This quarter we kept the revenue guidance, we had very good margin performance in quarter 3 and we essentially said we think we can keep that and carry that forward in the quarter 4 and we increased margin guidance. So I think were just frankly keeping you up-to-date as the world unfolds our guidance today is really around sticking up to 2% to 2.5% revenue growth rate on the top line and taking our margins up around 13% on the OI level and that results in the higher OI growth rate.
Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal: Let me ask it another way. Did you accelerate the ZBB? Is there something that came in earlier than expected? Was there a little bit less elasticity? Was there certain rebound in emerging markets or something that has happened at all during the quarter that has changed your view, particularly on the ZBB side?
Dave Brearton : I think ZBB is probably the thing I would think a lot with saying weve had a good performance in overhead all year. But I think were making better progress year to date and then we originally expect this to get the single out one thing that caused us to raise our margin guidance this year that would be it.
Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal: Then my final question is, can you give us an update on the size of the gaps, where they were -- or some key markets, and where they stand now and where you hope them to be? What are the actual progress of the price gaps, because you said that has actually come in in emerging markets, and I was just curious to see what the progression has been and are you at the state where you need to be?
Dave Brearton : I think two answers to that. In the emerging markets, we priced when commodity and Forex impact hit, many of our competitors either didnt price or price significantly later than we did thats mostly trued up by now. The price gaps in emerging markets are largely back in line the competition either priced or downsized to reflect the cost increases. Where it is still out of line would be in European chocolates where we have priced to reflect the quantity and Forex impacts and most of the competition has not and so were still out of line in Europe. On those we would expect overtime the competition will need to reflect the realities at the new cost levels. But as we sit here today, there is still a price gaps in European chocolate, that's the one outlier. I think the rest of the business feels pretty good.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for question-and-answers. I will now turn the call to Dexter Congbalay for any additional or closing remarks. 
Dexter Congbalay:  Thanks everyone for joining us this morning. Good afternoon up here in Europe. Nick and I will be around for the rest of the day to take any calls, or frankly for the rest of the week. But then again have a good day. 
Operator:  Thank you. That does conclude the Mondelz International third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Dexter Congbalay  VP, IR Irene Rosenfeld  Chairman & CEO Dave Brearton  CFO 
Analysts:  Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus Bryan Spillane  Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Driscoll  Citi David Palmer  RBC Capital Markets Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank John Baumgartner  Wells Fargo Securities Ken Goldman  JPMorgan Matthew Grainger  Morgan Stanley Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein & Company Jason English  Goldman Sachs Jonathan Feeney  Athlos Research Ken Zaslow  Bank of Montreal David Hayes  Nomura  
Operator: Welcome to Mondelez International Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dexter Congbalay, Vice President Investor Relations for Mondelz International. Please go ahead, sir.
Dexter Congbalay: Good morning and thanks for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO and Dave Brearton, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release in todays slides which are available on our website mondelezinternational.com. As you know, during this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the Company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld:  Thanks Dexter. Good morning. Our second quarter reflected the continued challenges of a difficult macro environment that again tempered category and revenue growth. In fact the operating environment worsened in the quarter in a number of markets especially in Europe. But we continue to expand operating income margins and again delivered strong, high quality EPS growth in the face of these challenges. Adjusted OI margin was 12.6% thats an increase of a 120 basis points driven by gains in North America and Europe. These operating gains drove a 19% increase in adjusted EPS on a constant currency basis. On the top line however we delivered modest organic revenue growth of 1.2%. While thats below our expectations and below the overall growth of our categories, it reflects our decision to lead pricing to recover cost increases. Our pricing actions were the most significant influence on our revenue growth rate this quarter. As we said in the past our strategy is to increase prices to fully recover the impacts of input costs and currency overtime. Of course thats the right thing to do for the long term health of the business and it's critical to driving sustainable profitable growth. Specifically it enables productivity savings to drive gross and operating margins as well as investments in innovation and brand equity. This year were experiencing significant inflation in many of our inputs, notably coco and dairy. This has been magnified by weakening currencies in many emerging markets. In fact nearly half of our input cost increase has been due to currency. This required us to take significant price increases especially in chocolate. Give our share positions in most markets we choose to leave those pricing action and what we anticipated that this would be disruptive in the short term it's been even more challenging than we expected. In a number of key countries and categories our competitors have been slow to implement price increases. As a result were seeing some negative effects on consumer takeaway as well as on our share performance. Of course our competitors faced the same currency related input cost pressures as we do. So while this dynamic has tempered our revenue growth in the short term especially in emerging markets we believe this impact will be temporary. With that as a backdrop growth in our emerging markets although below our expectations was up a relatively solid 4.7%. In developed markets it's a more complex story, some customers especially in Europe most notably in France have reacted quite severely to our price increases. In fact a member [ph] have refused to accept our pricing which has led to extended disputes and near term distribution losses. Given our leadership on pricing were taking the brunt of these punitive actions. But to be clear this is affecting the broader industry not just us. This issue together with slower category growth in Europe drove a 1.2% organic revenue decline in our developed markets. Lets look more closely at our Q2 revenue by region. As expected pricing had a positive contribution in four of our five regions, in Europe revenue was down 1.9%, vol mix declined primarily due to the pricing related disruptions and slower category growth that I just talked about. The regions overall pricing was down modestly as lower coffee prices offset higher pricing in chocolate and cheese. While lower coffee revenues tempered the regions growth by 0.4 percentage points we expect coffee will become a tailwind in the second half reflecting the price increases that we began implementing early in Q3. North America increased 2.7% with balance contributions from vol mix and pricing. Biscuits had another strong quarter in part driven by innovations like Oreo Reese's Peanut Butter cups and belVita Soft Baked. Candy also posted solid growth. EMEA grew more than 6% also with balanced contributions from vol mix and pricing. Russia grew mid-single digits including solid gains in biscuits, candy, and coffee as we continue to invest in our hot zone support. Ukraine revenue was up slightly in the quarter which was a tremendous accomplishment given the current political and economic situation. In Latin America revenue grew nearly 12%, pricing in the inflationary economies of Venezuela and Argentina drove much of the increase although it also pressured vol mix. At the same time Brazil delivered high single digit growth including positive vol mix despite aggressive pricing and increased competitive pressures. Growth was solid across all categories, and finally in Asia-Pacific revenue was down about 8% due to continued weakness in China biscuits and a more intense pricing related retail and competitive environment in Australia and New Zealand. India however delivered another quarter of double digit growth. As we look at our results by category the same themes are evident, global category growth for the first half was 3.8% above our organic growth of 2%. In biscuits the entire 200 basis point GAAP between category growth and our revenue growth was attributable to China. We expected a double decline in China biscuits as we cycled last years stepped up investments to reinvigorate category growth including the launching of Golden Oreo. In Chocolate, our decision to lead pricing has resulted in a temporary disruptions and customer disputes in Europe that I described earlier. Additionally in some key markets like Brazil and South Africa our competitors have been slow to increase prices. We believe they will eventually price given the sharp rise in coco including a nearly 20% increase year-to-date and the weakening of emerging market currencies but there is also some positive news in our category results. In gum we continue to see steady improvement both in the overall category which was up about 1% and in our revenue which declined only low single digits after several quarters of steeper declines. Im especially encouraged by our performance in the U.S. where our focus on product assortment and shelf resets, our messaging Oral Care and advantaged innovations like Sour Patch Kids Gum have led to three consecutive quarters of shared growth. We have also continued to deliver strong gum performance in China. In just two years we have captured a 9% share against a strong competitor and were on track to deliver a $150 million in revenue this year. Lets now take a look at market share, overall year-to-date share performance remained solid with 57% of our revenues gaining or holding share. However as it's expected share softened a bit during the quarter as we priced ahead of competitors. This dislocation was most apparent in our emerging market shares as consumers adjust to the inflation driven price increases. EMEA, Latin America and Asia-Pacific all saw market share performance below 40% on a year-to-date basis. Looking forward we expect the shares will continue to soften in the near term especially in Q3. Until competitors implement pricing and we resolve the outstanding customer disputes. So as you can see our revenue growth and share performance was softer than we expected but we believe much of the pricing disruption on revenue and share is temporary and we will revert in the coming months. That said we knew the environment would be challenging and so over the past year we have been rigorously driving productivity, reducing overheads and executing our supply chain reinvention initiatives. All of these actions have helped to protect our bottom line in 2014 and set the stage for profitable growth in 2015 and beyond. With that let me turn it over to Dave.
Dave Brearton:  Thanks Irene, and good morning. Over the next few slides I will walk you through our bottom line results and our updated outlook before turning it back to Irene for quick update on some of our strategic and operating initiatives. Adjusted gross profit dollars were down 1.6% for the quarter entirely due to mark to market adjustments but up 0.4% from the first half on a constant currency basis. Adjusted gross profit margin was down 90 basis points this quarter, again entirely due to mark to market adjustments on hedging contracts. In aggregate we fully price to recover commodity and Forex impacts this quarter in line with our strategy. Although the impact differs by region. Gross margins in North America and Europe were up sharply with aggressively productivity savings driving significant step ups versus prior year. However in AP and EMEA we werent able to fully offset higher input cost due to the impact of currency. The full benefit of our pricing actions will be realized over the course of Q3 and Q4 and will set us up well for 2015. Productivity was again strong in the first half with gross productivity over 4% of cost of goods sold. Net productivity which is our primary measure was about 2.5% of COGS exceeding our expectations. Adjusted operating income dollars grew nearly 12% for the quarter and nearly 14% in the first half on a constant currency basis. Adjusted OI margin expanded a 120 basis points in the quarter despite the 90 basis point impact from mark to market charges that I previously mentioned. Margin expansion was high quality, we significantly reduced overheads as a result of our ongoing cost management efforts. In addition we continue to drive efficiencies in advertising and consumer support by consolidating media providers, reducing non-working media cost and shifting spending to lower cost digital media outlets. For the first half, AMC represented about 9% of net revenues in-line with our full year expectations. So to be clear, were not reducing support of our brands or innovation platforms. Were maintaining our share of voice at least at historical levels especially in the face of our significant pricing. Taking a closer look at margins, we see that every region posted margin improvement for the first half. The biggest margin and expansion was in our developed markets which as you know is our near term focus. In North America, OI margin was up 310 basis points and Europe increased 200 points. Supply chain and SG&A cost reductions implemented earlier this year drove the improvements. Turning to EPS, adjusted EPS was $0.40 up 19% on a constant currency basis for the second quarter and was $0.79 up 15% on a constant currency basis for the half. Our first half growth was driven entirely by operating gains despite observing a negative $0.04 impact from mark to market charges. Below the line on favorability and taxes was offset by lower interest expense and share repurchases. Let me now quickly update you on where we stand on capital allocation and cash flow. We continued to deploy capital to where we expect to deliver the best returns whether it's reinvestment in the business, M&A, reducing debt or returning capital to shareholders. With regard to free cash flow we remain on track to deliver our two year target of $3.7 billion. In fact at the end of Q2 we improved our cash conversion cycle by 2 days driven by DSO and DPO continuing the progress over the last two years. In the first half we returned $1.4 billion to our shareholders, 900 million of which was through share repurchases. For the full year we still expect to return $2 billion to $3 billion to our shareholders including $1 billion to $2 billion in share buybacks. Finally we have paid almost $500 million in dividends year-to-date and today announced a 7% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.15 per common share. Turning to our outlook, we expect our revenue growth rate in the back half to improve modestly as we pass through higher coffee prices and cycle favorable prior year comparisons especially in China. However we now anticipate revenue growth of 2% to 2.5% for the full year. Thats down from our previous outlook of approximately 3% reflecting continued slower category growth and near term dislocations as customers, competitors and consumers adopt and adjust the higher prices. As we said earlier, we believe the factors pressuring our revenue growth are temporary, category growth rate should improve overtime along with macroeconomic conditions and demographic of snacking trends remain in our favor. Pricing related disputes with our customers are cost of doing business, and all of our competitors face the same challenges from currency related input cost increases. As Irene mentioned we will continue pricing to recover cost impacts allowing our productivity efforts to fuel the investments and innovation and brand equity that drives sustainable profitable growth. Turning to 2014 margin and EPS, we continue to expect adjusted OI margin for 2014 in the high 12% range and EPS guidance of a $1.73 to a $1.78 at constant currency. The pricing actions were taking along with the supply chain and overhead reduction initiatives were driving enable us to maintain our 2014 earnings targets despite a softer top line. With that let me turn it back to Irene to discuss the strategic and cost reduction initiatives we announced in May.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks Dave. The headline is were on track. First we continue to make good progress on taking the steps necessary to successfully close our coffee transaction in 2015. As you know we intend to combine our coffee business with D.E Master Blenders to create the worlds leading Pure-Play Coffee Company. Both companies have been working closely to prepare for the combination including identifying the key leaders, and having discussions with works councils. Second, we remain firmly committed to delivery best in class costs in both our supply chain and in overheads. Our supply chain reinvention is on track to deliver $3 billion of gross productivity savings and 1.5 billion of net savings by 2016. We have already begun to see the impact of these efforts in the margin improvement in both Europe and North America. Our new biscuits facility in Salinas, Mexico is scheduled to open as planned in the fourth quarter and were on track to open new facilities next year in the Czech Republic and in India. As Dave mentioned were exceeding our productivity objectives with gross productivity over 4% of cost of goods sold and net productivity at about 2.5% in the first half. With respect to overheads, were also advancing our zero base budgeting initiatives. We have identified key areas of improvement in overhead cost assigned accountability for achieving those cost reductions and have already announced several policy changes to begin capturing some non-headcount related savings. We will announce additional changes in the coming month to further drive savings. Finally we are simplifying and standardizing our ways of working across the company. Last week we named Mark Clouse to a newly created position of Chief Growth Officer to ensure that growth remains at the forefront of our strategy and that we bring the same focus and discipline to driving sustainable profitable growth as were doing to improving our cost structure. In this role Mark will be accountable for all of the key drivers of growth by overseeing the teams responsible for corporate strategy, global categories, marketing, sales and R&D. This integrated approach will enable us to more efficiently allocate resources to accelerate expansion of global innovation platforms, power brands, and breakthrough technologies. Also last week we announced that were adopting a category led model in all of our regions beginning January 1st, 2015. This region based category led approach is not new to us. Europe has been operating under this model for years, and North America adopted it at the beginning of 2014. So we will leverage the learning from these two regions as we implement this model in our other three. The new operating model will accelerate growth of our power brands and innovation platforms. Provide greater clarity of roles to drive growth, cost and operating excellence. Deliver standardized processes to reduce costs and improve capabilities and finally ensure that were making the right investments in long term technologies. All of these actions underscore our determination to become a leaner, more focused and more nimble global snacking power house that delivers top tier performance over the long term. With that let us open for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: I had just two questions, if I could, for you, Irene. The first, just in relation to the softer category growth rates, I just want to get a better sense of how much you credit that to the pricing that's going through in this category. Are consumers shifting to other categories, as best you can tell? And I guess related to that, have you seen any stabilization of that market share performance through the quarter? It sounded like it remained pretty soft through the quarter.
Irene Rosenfeld: I would say, actually I think our categories are holding up better than many. So in the world of food one of the reasons we continue to like participating in snacks is that it tends to have a better trajectory in those markets around the world. So yes our categories have softened but I think they are still outperforming many other food categories. With respect to our shares, it's a little bit of mix bag as you look at different countries around the world. Again the biggest issue is whether in fact our price gaps have widened more than we would like them to be and as we start to see those gaps close in various markets around the world we see our share recovering. So I think thats what gives us great confidence that what were seeing right now is a temporary dislocation. We do think as the pricing gets out there and depending upon reactions out in the marketplace it will take us about another quarter or so to play that through but we would expect that our shares will revert.
Chris Growe  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And just one quick follow-up-on to that, then would you expect to see any increase in, say, advertising spending or promotional spending to try and ease the progression to higher prices? Is that one of the solutions to the issues you are having some of these markets?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well as Dave said we have been very careful to protect our AMC spending particularly in the challenging pricing environment and we will continue to do so. Any of the changes we have made in AMC have all been in non-working and in consumer oriented activities but our fundamental media spending is exactly where we need it to be to protect our market positions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I've got two questions. The first, just to follow up on Chris's question about organic sales growth -- is there anything different with the consumer in emerging markets today that's making it more difficult to raise prices and I guess above and beyond just the price gaps? And I guess my thinking was just, in the past, for Mondelez and really for most companies, a little bit of inflation at a local level is actually pretty good because it allows you to take maybe cost-plus type pricing. So is there just something different this time around that's making it more different in emerging markets to raise prices? And then I have a follow-up.
Irene Rosenfeld: Bryan, I think a little of it just the magnitude. I mean again I talked about the coco being up about 20% and that together with the significant weakening of some of the local currencies has really put a lot of pressure on pricing. And so I think the magnitude is a big part of it but again were taking a number of steps aside from making sure that were continuing to support our franchise. Were working very carefully with respect to pricing and sizing to make sure that were offering consumers a variety of options at different price points all of which we hope will make this dislocation temporary and allow us to mitigate some of the impacts.
Bryan Spillane  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just to follow up on the change into the category-led model, could you just clarify two things? One, does P&L responsibility at the division level change -- so is it still a regional P&L or is it a category P&L? And I guess similar, with Mark Clouse's new position and where he fits in the organization, does he have P&L responsibility?
Irene Rosenfeld: So the P&L will continue to reside at our regional level and within that at the region category level. We really believe for us that is the best balance between capitalizing on local market knowledge and local market execution while at the same time leveraging our scale on a global basis so thats how were going to play this out.
Bryan Spillane  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. So how does Mark -- does he have P&L responsibility himself?
Irene Rosenfeld: Mark does not have direct P&L responsibility. Our global category teams will continue to steer the overall strategies of our categories out into the marketplace but the P&L will reside closer to the market with our region category leaders and our region presidents.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll  Citi: Wanted just to ask a little bit more about pricing volume elasticity and compared to historical price increases. Can you comment on how the current chocolate price in Europe is going versus those historical periods where you've had to do it? And separately, can you comment on maybe the early read on coffee pricing? And if you can tease out the difference between the two -- I have always felt like coffee was a much safer place to take pricing. But I'd like to hear you comment on those two pieces in Europe specifically.
Dave Brearton: In Europe we have obviously faced chocolate pricing in the past. This would be of a magnitude this bigger than what we have done in the past because of the impact of coco going up, actually even the coco butter ratio within that went up, dairy cost went up. So essentially most of the raw materials that go into chocolate went up. And so chocolate has been particularly a hard hit and there has been fairly significant price increases. I would not say the difference this time though is consumer price elasticity. I think difference really is the trade, the trade has pushed back very hard and it reflects the tough environment in Europe and many of the retailers margins themselves are under pressure. So I think the bigger difference this time has been the trade push back and you see that in our shares. Our shares remain quite strong in Europe actually, the shipment is not so strong and thats really the difference between consumers, so I think are more and less in line with what we expected versus retailers are pushing back much harder. And as you say it's much more, it goes up and down with markets. I think it will be also a little tougher in the past because of the retail environment but it is an easier thing to get a coffee price increased through than a chocolate one, for sure
David Driscoll  Citi: One follow-up, on the revenue outlook I think you made the comment that Europe was the single biggest driver of your reduced overall revenue outlook. But it also seems fair to say that emerging markets are also a bit weaker than expected. Do I have the sequence and magnitude correct between the two pieces of why the revenue guidance is a little bit lower?
Dave Brearton: Yes, I mean the emerging markets for the quarter were up 4.7% so less than we would have liked but it's still fairly respectable and as we get into the back half we will continue to have a little bit of a pricing challenges but were going to get past that China headwind. So I think emerging markets will still have the pricing challenges but I think you know with the China headwind offsetting that that will be okay. It really is Europe, where we expect to continue to have some retailer pressure and where the pricing really has to flow through completely in the third quarter. So thats the primary driver.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer  RBC Capital Markets: Two questions from me as well, in the past, have you typically led pricing in all the categories you are implementing pricing today? Or is Mondelez taking a relatively more of a leadership position during this inflation cycle? And, relatedly, are the lags in pricing by competitors atypical this time around?
Dave Brearton: I think we have traditionally led pricing where we have market leadership position and that is the case in most of our category country combination. So we have normally led pricing and we did that this time as well. I cant speak for the competition, they all have their own unique situations but they are facing the same cost increases. It is typical, that you would have some legs in some countries because they all are looking at through their own lens based on whatever their specific facts and circumstances are. I think this time the impact is a little bit bigger than normal just because of the size of the pricing. So if we price and create a bigger price GAAP that GAAP difference is bigger than it has been in the past because of just of the sheer magnitude of the pricing thats happening and again it's particularly on chocolate.
David Palmer  RBC Capital Markets: And second, you mentioned in your remarks the creation of the Growth Officer position, the need to be nimble and focused and the need for innovation. And all that makes sense. Is there something in terms of your own execution, a particular area that you would want to improve more than others? Perhaps it's the innovation side that you would like to spark. Perhaps it's other marketing. Could you just speak to that? Thanks.
Irene Rosenfeld: You know David I think the single biggest opportunity -- I think there is a number of benefits of the new model I think the single biggest opportunities though will lie in growth and speed and very simply taking good ideas from one part of the world more rapidly to another will be a key enabler I think of accelerating growth. So I am quite optimistic about the ability of this new structure and this new position to be able to allow us to move ideas from one part of the world more rapidly to others.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman at Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Dave, I was wondering last quarter you mentioned how many basis points lower A&P spending helped in terms of margin expansion. Can you give a little more detail about that this quarter year-over-year?
Dave Brearton: Yes I think through the first half as we said we are around 9% of revenue, thats actually right in-line with what we said we will do on the full year, at the start of the year. The comparison year-over-year is actually impacted by timing last year. The last year we spent about half a point higher than that in the first half and then we spent less than that in the back half. So year-over-year I dont think there will be a material change but this year it's very smooth, first half, second half. Last year it was much more front weighted and really that comes down to some of the programs we talked about last year led by China. So were pretty comfortable that were sustaining the AMC at the right level throughout the year this year and that were supporting our brands. I think the key is the share voice hasnt moved and I think thats the important metrics that we look at.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: And then how long do you expect these EU disputes to go on?
Dave Brearton: I dont want to get into predicting negotiations but I think -- the guidance we have given you gives us the flexibility to manage through that and I think it's important that we stick to our principles and we have always priced to recover input cost increases, it's important we stick to that because thats -- if we dont do that we dont have the funding to drive growth for ourselves and our customers. So we will continue to push that through but the guidance we have given you today gives us the flexibility to manage through that.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Last question and I will pass it on. Youve put in the 10Q about possibly having to change, I guess, how you account for the 49% interest you will have in the coffee JV. Is it possible at this point to run through what the implications of that are to the P&L, maybe not specifically but -- if you don't have that.
Dave Brearton: I can give you in principal what will happen. So when we get to a point where the deal is certain or it closes we will treat it as a discontinued business or a business held for sale depending on the situation next year probably mid-year. At that point we will strip it out as a discontinued operation, the same as we did when we have done other divestures and so all of our history will be restated to take it out. In terms of the go forward it would be handled in an equity method. So we own 49%, we will take 49% to the net income and that would be part of our EPS but it would be recorded below OI. So it would not be within our OI, it would not be within our OI margins. It would be between OI and EPS but it would be part of the EPS. So thats how it will work starting and closing -- but we think by the first full year of operation which should be 2016 that it should be EPS accretive.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: So it's still accretive even if it's now kind of a discontinued op? Do you have to lower the earnings base because it's a discontinued op going backward?
Dave Brearton: Yes when I say accretive I mean to where we would have been if we hadnt done the deal, there is a lots of factors obviously. We lose the OI on coffee when we take it out of the base. We pick up the 49% minority interest and we have got $5 billion of cash coming back which has helped us obviously on the share and the interest side. So that combination of things should be accretive in 2016.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo.
John Baumgartner  Wells Fargo Securities: Irene, just in China, wondering if you can speak to maybe to your execution there. It seems a few quarters ago you were optimistic that maybe shipping some of the brand spend it back to the secondary biscuit brands could stabilize the market share losses. But it sounds as though maybe it hasn't happened quite yet. So just how would you characterize the fundamentals there, maybe your strategy going forward?
Irene Rosenfeld: Look were not pleased with Chinas performance I need to be clear but there is actually no new news there. As we told you last year we saw a quite dramatic slowdown in our biscuits category, we lost some share. We have taken a number of actions to try to address both of those issues but the facts are the biscuit category has not yet recovered in fact it's growing only about 1% to 2%. So the reality is that it's still a challenging situation, the good news is as we have said the toughest comps as we enter the second half of the year, the toughest comps will now be behind us so were not going to have the same kind of year-over-year headwind that we have had in the first half. And again were quite pleased with the performance of gum in China and that continues to be a really strong story for us. But net-net the China situation is essentially as we had shared it with you and we should start to lap those challenges, we starting to lap those challenging comps as we enter the back half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman  JPMorgan: Irene, you talked about the grocers rejecting pricing and maybe taking some products off shelf as a cost of doing business. And that's fair, but I guess it doesn't happen that often. So I'm just curious to understand a bit how it took place. Did your marketing team maybe underappreciate some of the customers' will in this case? And I guess more importantly, where does your confidence come from that this will get resolved? You said you expect your competitors to take pricing eventually. But why would they if they just saw what happened to the industry leader?
Irene Rosenfeld: Pricing is always a difficult proposition and we dont take it lightly particularly in a tough macro environment. What gives us the confidence is that our brands are stronger, traffic drivers for our customers and after a certain point in time it's going to be important to our customers overall growth to have these brands back on the shelf. So we didnt take those decisions lightly, we made them because it's critical as Dave has said for the long term success and health of our franchise and our ability to continue to invest in them. It was critical to make sure that were recovering the cost increases that were experiencing. But we are optimistic given the strength of our brands and the role that they play in driving traffic for our customers that we will be able to successfully resolve this dispute but were also allowing in our guidance as Dave said for the fact that it's not necessarily happening tomorrow and we want to acknowledge that.
Dave Brearton: It has historically happened and we did identify at the quarter one call that we expected some disruption. I think so the tactics are actually the same that we have seen in prior times. The difference this time is it's quite brand across many more retailers and it's quite deep. So it is a typical reaction to dealers, SKUs in France or stop shipments or stop buying for a period of time in France. I think it is more dramatic than we anticipated but it's not a completely new tactic.
Ken Goldman  JPMorgan: One quick one on the U.S. -- at least according to Nielsen data, some traditional snacking categories, all of them, right, cookies, crackers, chocolates, salty snacks, they have all really decelerated. Im curious if you can talk about what his have been in your view there. Were seeing some strength in nuts, dried fruit, healthier snack things like that. So just any thoughts you would have on whether there's a share shift within snacking would be helpful. Thank you.
Irene Rosenfeld: Actually our snacking business has performed quite well within as you rightly point out a challenging environment, so there is no question, the categories are slowing. We have been outperforming the categories for quite some time and I think it's for couple of reasons. I think we have had a very strong marketing and innovation pipeline in North America. I think or DSD network is operating extremely effectively. And so we believe that we can continue to drive our growth at or above category rates. Our year-to-date biscuit share is up almost a point and our biscuits organic revenue was up about 4% in the first half and it's because of the factors that I mentioned. So I think there is some slowdown in some of the categories but we have been able to capture a more than our fair share and thats been driving our overall revenue performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Grainger  Morgan Stanley: Just one regional question, I was hoping to get a bit more color on the weaker sales this quarter in Asia. I know you faced an easier prior-year comparison. You have been working through your issues in China for several quarters now and we hopefully are past the worst, but top line did decelerate further, which I'm guessing is attributable mostly to this Australia and New Zealand issue you called out. So is that the case? And if so, can you characterize the impact that's having, what's going on and what we should expect there over the balance of the year?
Irene Rosenfeld: Let me start with the fact that actually through the first half as we said, China was actually massive headwind we were up about 8% year ago in the first half in 2013 in China and so thats a big headwind to us as we experienced some of the challenges that we said and that continues to be the biggest factor but certainly in the quarter some of what happened in Australia, New Zealand is just a essentially a consequence of some of the same pricing conversations that we have been having about our European customers and again it's something that we think will resolve itself as the year goes on. We did see some fairly significant destocking in some of our Australian customers and that was what caused some of the dislocation in the second quarter.
Matthew Grainger  Morgan Stanley: Okay. But just to be clear, given some of your competitors over the years have had de-stocking issues that have been extremely difficult to resolve in that market, would you say you have an equivalent level of confidence that you would have in Europe going forward as far as getting those products back on shelf and resolving those quickly?
Irene Rosenfeld: These are brands that have very strong market positions, they do drive traffic and quite frankly as we look at some of the inventory positions they are well below healthy level. So, it's reasonable confidence, again were not necessarily predicting timing but we do expect that in the guidance that we have given to you we would expect to see that resolve itself in the coming months.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: Irene, I think it was a year and a half ago at CAGNY that you established some pretty bold targets for points of distribution gains in emerging markets. And since then there has been some SG&A overhead cuts. I wanted to make sure that you are comfortable that you can still achieve those distribution gains, despite the overhead reductions. And have you kept track of those goals? And where do you think you are tracking on them? And then I had a quick follow-up.
Irene Rosenfeld: Absolutely Rob. I mean were not cutting our investments in the emerging markets. We have significantly as you know last year we significantly stepped up our investments early in the year, many of that was much of that was in route to market and we are benefiting from those investments. We are continuing to make the necessary investments -- were protecting sales to a large extent as we look at some of the overhead initiatives but the end in mind is to make sure that we are making the necessary foundational investments in these key markets to capitalize on the opportunities that will emerge as the economies recover. So we continue to feel good about the investments that we made in route to market, in places like Russia, like Brazil, like India and you will continue to see those investments and making sure that were getting an adequate return but this is not about cutting back on those investments. This is again it's the focus is no headcount elsewhere in the world into a large extent as well as some non-people related overhead costs.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse: Okay. And then the follow-up is you said that your share of voice is still at high levels. But you've shifted a lot of money into digital. And I'm sure your competitors have also. Are you comfortable that your ability to measure share of voice is still good? And are you able to measure digital in share of voice? And then also -- you know, you were in market research. Do you feel comfortable that the return you are getting on digital marketing is sufficient? Or is that still in its infancy in terms of measurement?
Irene Rosenfeld: It's a fair question Rob, I have to tell you, we actually are quite able to measure the ROI of our digital investments and were finding it's paying back about twice the rate of our traditional media investments not to mention the fact that were seeing quite significant media inflation in a number of our emerging markets and so the benefits of going to digital as that explodes in markets like China and Brazil is a positive because thats where our consumers are. So I think the evidence that we have is quite compelling and it gives us great confidence that as we continue to shift our spending into digital that we will get actually an even better return on many of those investments
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein & Company: Can I ask about the leadership changes that we've seen in China and India recently? I think recently you brought somebody in from the outside into China. We've seen some changes recently in India as well. What specifically were you looking for in terms of capabilities? How confident are you that you've got the right people in place now? Just any color that you can give us on that would be great. Thank you.
Irene Rosenfeld: I feel quite good about the leaders that we have placed in both of those countries and in number of our other key emerging markets. As I mentioned India is performing well, continues to grow at a double digit rate and Manu Anand has have a great deal of experience in operating within that country and he has done a great job in continuing to drive the momentum in that market. China we mentioned that we brought in Stephen Maher. He is about four weeks old, I would say in his new role but he has got 16 years of SPG experience most of that -- much of that actually is in China and as a result he brings to t task a very great seasoning in a variety of the disciplines of general management as well as understanding the Chinese market and so Im quite confident that Stephen will be able to deliver on the ambitious agenda that we have in China.
Alexia Howard  Sanford Bernstein & Company: And then just a quick follow-up, can you give us the run-rate or the current run-rate of gum in China? I think the last time you talked about it, it was about $100 million kind of level. Where are we now?
Irene Rosenfeld: Were forecasting about 150 for the year, Alexia were feeling quite good. We have got about 9% share and we are quite pleased with the performance of our gum business there.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English  Goldman Sachs: There has been a lot of rhetoric about decelerating category growth on the call. You've given us some data in your slides, I guess it's slide 16, suggesting that your category growth, end market growth accelerated from 2.8% in the first quarter to around 3.8% for the full first half, suggesting in the quarter it may actually even have been approaching close to 5%. So is that the right way to think about it? If so, where is the disconnect with the data in the commentary? And also where are you seeing that acceleration from a market perspective?
Dave Brearton: I think the slide we showed for the first half was about 3.8%, youre right, the first quarter was lower than that but it's basically Easter. So there was a big flip between March and April, huge actually and thats whats driving the second quarter to be a higher growth rate from the first quarter, the first half in aggregate is the best way to look at it and it's about 3.8%. And when we talk about the category slowdown I think we saw -- in North America we saw that, in a lot of the European markets, we saw it in a lot of the emerging markets as well particularly in the May-June months. So I think we cant really look at only one quarter given the Easter shift but clearly I think we wanted to make sure that we reflect that in the outlook we give you.
Jason English  Goldman Sachs: Turning real quick to gum, I imagine youre not taking much price on gum, just given the cost basket there. Is that fair to say?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes it is.
Jason English  Goldman Sachs: Yet in gum you are still lagging the market by a substantial chunk, down low-single digits. The market has turned up around 1% now through the first half. Why shouldn't we be concerned that there is something other than just price gaps and retailer pushback that is driving the market share weakness?
Irene Rosenfeld: I think you need to look at that on a market by market basis Jas, and I talked about the performance in the U.S., we have had three quarters of solid share growth -- I have talked about whats going in China and our major gum markets were continuing to make good progress behind the initiatives that I have laid out and as I have said were still not pleased with our gum performance, it is still negative year-over-year but the good news is that it's less negative and were starting to see it moving in a better direction.
Dave Brearton: And I think the two places that are negative, we talked about the positives, Europe is still negative and actually the other one probably surprise you, it's Venezuela because it's an important product and it's a struggle to get the currency. So the Venezuela volume is down quite a bit but those are really the two, they are offsetting a good numbers were seeing in China and North America.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney of Athlos Research.
Jonathan Feeney  Athlos Research: Over the course of the quarter, would you say that volume, particularly in developing markets, improved month-to-month? And is that what gives you confidence in the second half that this deceleration won't be sustained? It looks like you're guiding to for the full year in organic net rev, what you have done year-to-date, despite the decel first and second quarter? Or is it more the pricing side, maybe where you have a little bit more control, you know prices are going to be going up, and you know that the second half of the year -- I understand comps get a little bit easier in China. But they get a little bit tougher, particularly on a stacked basis, in the third and fourth quarter other places. So just parsing out those volume versus pricing in your net rev regime? I appreciate it.
Irene Rosenfeld: Jon, again, pricing is the big variable here because youre correct in saying that we do see that it will pick up some tailwinds in the back half as we lap China and as we cycle the coffee as we see higher prices in coffee. Thats going to be offset as we look at the outlook by the continuous slow category growth as well as the continued dislocation as our pricing makes its way through the system and those are the puts and takes but the big impact offsetting the tailwinds is really the pricing continually to play through and as we have said we would expect even in Q3 that we would expect our share performance will continue to soften as we work our way through some of these customer disputes and more of our pricing impact hits the shelves. We do believe this is temporary but it will have an impact, a continued impact in Q3.
Jonathan Feeney  Athlos Research: And volume in Asia-Pac and Latin America, did that improve over the course of the quarter or can you say?
Dave Brearton: I think the volume in Asia-PAC is primarily China item, a little bit Australia and then Latin America the volume is really two fold. It's Venezuela and Argentina with the hyperinflation there and thats been a sort of ongoing trade off on low-margin product as we've priced that away and Mexico to some degree as we adjust to the VAT. I think the important thing in Latin America is Brazil which is really our powerhouse continues to grow vol mix and most of the other countries do as well. So it's kind of Mexico VAT and it's Venezuela/Argentina which are kind of anomalies.
Jonathan Feeney  Athlos Research: But can you say whether it improved over the course of the quarter? I'm just talking month to month. Did we leave June on a high note or did we leave just average?
Dave Brearton: We left it where we expect it to be. I mean the China issues was really a question of comparisons to a year ago. It wasnt so much about improvements this year and I think last year we had a very strong June month so we were down in China year-over-year. I would expect with the absence of those tough comps going into Q3 we are pretty comfortable with the run-rate in China, is where it needs to be that the numbers we gave you today.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow  Bank of Montreal: Just talking more about the things that you could do in your control, I know as you go through ZBB, a lot of times as I think through the process companies tend to find a greater deal of cost savings through this process. Can you talk about have you seen a greater opportunities than you initially thought? And at what point do you think there's a potential for an acceleration of even greater savings, because it seems like you guys have done, actually a pretty good job on this front?
Irene Rosenfeld: Ken, I would say we have set some fairly aggressive targets. We have laid out our targets of approximately 300 to 400 basis points over the next three years and thats a fairly aggressive agenda. The good news is I would tell you as we continue to work our way through the specific initiatives I have great confidence that we will deliver those targets but I think the we just need to continue to make progress quarter-after-quarter. Im pleased as I said in the programs and the impact it has had in just even in our Q2 results and I think we still continue to see that play through.
Ken Zaslow  Bank of Montreal: And just a follow-up, I know in parts of the business, are you actually adding infrastructure? I know youre adding a Growth Officer. Is there other levels that are somewhat being funded by this whole cost savings opportunity? Or was that always part of the plan of having maybe not another layer of management but another layer of infrastructure?
Irene Rosenfeld: Simple answer is no, were not adding a layer of infrastructure and in fact there is some puts and takes that go with the creation of the Chief Growth Officer role. But it is a fact that as we look at our opportunity within the context of the new operating model were continuing to invest in sales and route to market and so were taking disproportionately, were taking some of our savings disproportionately from some of the other areas into the operation in favor of those key front line investments. So you will see that slide through but were not creating another layer in with the creation of the Chief Growth Officer.
Operator: Your final question comes from David Hayes of Nomura.
David Hayes  Nomura: Two questions, if I can, first a broad one and then a specific one on Europe. Just in terms of the broader question, obviously you've got some moving parts in terms of the disappointment in terms of sales growth through the year. But is there any anxiety at all internally that there's too much demand on the cost saving side, the margin delivery side in the organization and that is what is basically defocusing the business from performing as well as maybe it could do more has done in terms of sales and market share delivery? And then the second question just going back to the EU, two things on this. Firstly, you mentioned France and then Europe interchangeably. Just to understand, is it just France that these issues are existing in terms of the retailers or where there are other markets as well? And then just in terms of the dynamic, you made the point yourself that the consumer off take is still good, that the shipments effectively are lagging now because of negotiations. To some extent you would have thought, with your brands being mass stock in many cases, to your point earlier, that you would just catch up the shipments and therefore the second half would bounce. So the question to some extent is that the dynamic? And is your guidance for the second half therefore very cautious in your view? And actually you could be better than the 2%  2.5% as that dynamic plays out? Thank you.
Irene Rosenfeld: Let me answer your last two questions and then I will come back to the first. It is about France and should the shipments catch up? The simple answer is, we hope so. But the speed with which we resolved some of these disputes is kind of not something that I wanted to predict. So we believe in the guidance we have given to you, we have adequately reflected the reality that someday we will get ourselves through these conversations but were not counting it necessarily happening tomorrow and so I hope that gives you some perspective on that question. With respect to the question of is there too much focus on margin and to what extent is that putting creating more pressure on our top line, there is question. Were doing a lot right now but I really do believe that it's much better to move quickly and decisively rather than leaving a lot of uncertainty out in the organization. Were certainly -- experiencing some disruption but our focus is to protect the long term health of our business and our ability to invest in our franchise and in our people. And so again we believe that the dislocation that were experiencing is temporary, we will work our way through it but most importantly we believe were doing the right things for the long term health of the business and as I mentioned our strategic initiatives are moving along on track consistent with what we had expected.
Operator: This does conclude our question and answer session. I will now turn the floor back over to Mr. Congbalay for any closing remarks.
Dexter Congbalay: Any follow-up questions Nick and I will be around for the rest of the day and we will be happy to take any callers or emails that you might have. Thanks everyone for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Dexter Congbalay - VP Investor Relations Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO Dave Brearton - Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrew Lazar - Barclays Chris Growe - Stifel David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Jason English - Goldman Sachs Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein John Bumgarner - Wells Fargo Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research 
Operator: Good day and welcome to everyone to the Mondelz International First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour including remarks by Mondelz's management and the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dexter Congbalay, Vice President Investor Relations for Mondelz International. Please go ahead, sir.
Dexter Congbalay: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO and Dave Brearton, our CFO. Earlier today, we issued two news releases; one detailing our first quarter earnings and financial improved profitability and another on our intention to combine our coffee business with D.E Master Blenders. These releases and today's slides are available on our website, mondelezinternational.com. As you know, during this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld:  Thanks Dexter and good morning. We launched Mondelz International in October 2012. We set out to create a global snacking powerhouse that will deliver top tier financial performance and be a great place to work. Since our launch weve made good progress in many areas. We have grown our market shares fueled by investments behind our power brands and innovation platforms. We strengthened our geographic footprint and route to market capabilities. We stepped up cost reductions in both our supply chain and in overheads to drive margin expansion and we strengthened our balance sheet while significantly boosting cash returns to shareholders through both share repurchase and higher dividends. But despite these many accomplishments we are not where we should be at this point in our journey. The recent global slowdown in our categories has tempered our near-term top-line growth as well as that of our peers. This slowdown has made it imperative that we act more quickly and more aggressively to address the inefficiencies in our cost structure. So today we are taking too both steps, both to improve our near-term results and to increase confidence that we will deliver sustainable top tier financial performance over the long-term. First, were focusing our portfolio even further on snacks, by combining our coffee business with D.E Master Blenders 1753 to create the worlds leading pure play coffee company. Second, were setting up and accelerating our cost reduction efforts to deliver best in class costs in both our supply chain and in overheads. Together, these actions will enable us to become an even more focused and nimble global snacking powerhouse; to achieve world class margins faster, to simplify how we work around the world, to speed up and clarify decision making and to generate the fuel to invest more in our people, in our brands and in our executional capabilities. All of this will help us deliver superior returns to our shareholders. Ill take the next few minutes to discuss these strategic initiatives in more detail. Let me start with the coffee transaction. We intend to combined our nearly $4 billion coffee business with D.E Master Blenders to create the worlds leading pure-play coffee company. This new company will have annual revenues of more than $7 billion and an EBITDA margin in the high-teens. It will bring together our portfolios of iconic brands, our complementary geographic footprints and our innovative technologies to transform two strong businesses into an even stronger one. The combined company will feature our market leading brands like Jacobs and Tassimo and Douwe Egberts and Senseo from D.E Master Blenders. The combined company can be called Jacobs Douwe Egberts will have an advantage position in the $81 billion global coffee category including leading market shares in more than two dozen countries and a sizable footprint in all key emerging markets. With greater focus and increased scale, the new company can operate more efficiently and invest more effectively in innovation, manufacturing and market development to capitalize on the significant growth opportunities in coffee. When we close this transaction, well receive after-tax cash proceeds of approximately $5 billion and a 49% interest in the combined company. Our partner, Acorn Holdings is the current owner of D.E Master Blenders and will have a 51% interest in the combined company, as well as the majority of seats on the Board. Acorn is owned by an investor group led by [JAV] Holdings Company, an investment vehicle managed by three highly respected senior partners with whom were delighted to team. Bart Becht, the former CEO of Reckitt Benckiser and current Chairman of D.E Master Blenders. Peter Harf, a former senior executive at InBev, Reckitt and [Cody]. And Olivier Goudet, the former CFO of Mars. While Becht will be Chairman of the new combined company, Pierre Laubies, the current CEO of D.E Master Blenders is the perspective CEO of the new company. The other members of his leadership team will be joined from both coffee businesses using a best-of-both approach. The deal is expected to close in the course of 2015 subject to limited closing conditions. During the interim period, both companies will undertake complications with all works counsels as required. We are delighted with this transaction and the substantial value we expect it to create for our shareholders. By retaining a 49% stake, we will continue to benefit from the future growth of the coffee category and sharing the synergies and tremendous upside of this leading to pure-play coffee company. We expect to use the majority of the approximately $5 billion of cash proceeds to extend our share repurchase program subject to Board approval. The balance of the cash proceeds will be used for debt reduction and for general corporate purposes. Let me assure you that while deploying the cash proceeds, we remain committed to maintaining an investment grade credit rating with assets to Tier 2 commercial paper. In terms of our P&L, we expect the transaction to be accretive to adjusted EPS in the first full year after closing. In addition to unlocking and creating significant value for our coffee business, this transaction will also enhance the profile and prospects of our core snacking business. Once completed, approximately 85% of our net revenue will come from snacks, up from about 75% today. Going forward, this sharper focus will help optimize our capital allocation, including investments to drive growth of our global platforms and to expand routes to market. So, that's the first type of the news. Now let's turn to the second type. We're taking actions today to accelerate and enhance margin expansion. Specifically, we are fast tracking our previously announced supply chain reinvention program and significantly reducing overhead costs. As Daniel Myers explained last September, over the next three years, we expect to deliver $3 billion in gross productivity savings, $1.5 billion in net productivity and $1 billion in incremental cash. Weve already made good progress against those goals. Were on track to open our state-of-the-art biscuit facility in Mexico in the fourth quarter. We've initiated significant projects in India, China and Russia. We're expanding biscuit manufacturing in the Czech Republic and investing in new biscuit manufacturing technology in the U.S. In addition, we've made some tough decisions to close or sell 9 plants and streamline another 21. As a result, in 2013 alone, we've reduced headcount in our supply chain by 3,000 plus another 1,000 contractors. All of these actions will enable delivery of the benefits we previously outlined. We also laid out additional opportunities through 2020 to manufacture more of our Power Brands on advantage lines of the future and to streamline our production base. Today, we're taking steps to accelerate some of those projects. This will allow us to capture savings even sooner and result in additional margin upside through 2018. With this accelerated program, we now expect our net productivity to increase from the 2.3% we talked about in September to around 3% over the next few years. With respect to overhead, as we discussed the CAGNY in February, we're committed to creating a leaner, simpler and more nimble organization by significantly reducing operating costs. Achieving best in class overhead costs across our business is particularly important, given the near-term slowdown in the growth of our categories especially in emerging markets. In addition, the combination of our coffee business with D.E Master Blenders allows us to create an even simpler more focused global snacking company. To drive overhead savings, we're starting with the clean sheet of paper and employing a zero-base budgeting approach. With the help of Accenture, we used ZBB analytical tools to look objectively at our overhead costs and compare them to best in class external benchmarks. This has enabled us to question how, where and why we spend our money. While this certainly involves addressing headcount, we're also targeting non-headcount costs. The lowest hanging fruit is to look at our policies and practices across a dozen major cost areas to identify changes that will help us to quickly reduce costs in a sustainable way. As an example, our travel costs are significantly higher than peers, thats partly because we travel more, reflecting the coordination necessary during the Cadbury and LU integrations as well as the startup of our new company. But its also because we werent effectively leveraging our scale with suppliers. If you multiply that example to many other cost areas across our company it adds up pretty quickly to some big savings. To enable us to capture these savings in both our supply chain in overheads our board has approved a new $3.5 billion restructuring program through 2018 comprised of approximately $2.5 billion in cash costs and $1 billion in non-cash costs. We expect to incur the majority of the restructuring charges in 2015 and 2016. Capital expenditures in support of these programs are already included in our CapEx target of about 5% of revenues for the next few years. As a result of this program we expect to generate annualized savings of at least $1.5 billion by 2018 with savings about equally split between supply chain and overheads. With $1.5 billion of savings on $2.5 billion of cash costs its clear that these project have very strong returns well in excess of our cost of capital. The cost savings from this restructuring program will enable us to accelerate and increase our future margin expansion plans. Specifically we are raising bottom end of our 2016 adjusted OI margin range so that we are now targeting 15% to 16% up from 14% to 16%. This improvement comes largely from greater overhead savings. After 2016, along with continued improvement in overheads we expect the contribution from supply chain to build. This will enable us to drive further margin expansion beyond our revised 2016 target, while continuing to fund growth. Taking together the strategic initiatives weve announced today underscore our determination to become a leaner, more focused and more nimble global snacking powerhouse. Let me now turn the call over to Dave, to provide details on our first quarter results.
Dave Brearton: Thanks Irene. As youll see in the next few slides, were off to a solid start this year. Were making meaningful progress towards our margin goals, while continuing to deliver growth and strong market shares. Specifically, our organic net revenue growth was 2.8% in line with the overall growth of our categories and within our 2% to 3% guidance range for the quarter. On the margin front, we delivered a big increase in adjusted operating income margin up a 140 basis points to 12.2%. And our adjusted EPS was $0.39 thats up 17% on a constant currency basis and on the higher end the double-digit guidance we gave for the year. Looking more closely at our revenue growth, pricing was the key contributor as we began to implement price increases in all of our regions and across most of our categories to offset higher input costs. Despite, these pricing actions we were able to drive the modest increase into our mix. And while the shift of Easter was a headwind for the quarter the 40 basis points impact was lower than expected. Coffee remained a headwind, but the pass-through of lower green coffee costs tampering our growth by 60 basis points. Emerging markets were up nearly 7% reflecting challenging conditions in a number of key countries. Our developed markets were essentially flat growing 0.2%. Overall our Power Brands continue to drive our growth increasing 4.8% in particular Cadbury, Dairy Milk, Milka, Chips Ahoy, belVita, Tuc (inaudible) and Tang were among our best performers in the quarter. Now lets take a closer look at our results by cash grades. For the second consecutive quarter category growth was slower than historical averages with growth of only 2.8%. This was due in part to the Easter shift but also reflects continued weak demand in emerging markets and lower coffee prices. With Easter occurring three weeks later than last year some consumer demand was pushed into the second quarter, however revenue was less effective as we started shippings distribute related products in March. This can best you see in chocolate for a 2.3% growth significantly outpaced the category growth rate of 1%. The ongoing global slowdown was the second factor that contributed to sluggish growth across the most of our categories. But good news is that our market share performance was solid with over 60% of our revenues gaining or holding share, despite the price increases mentioned earlier. A closer look at our categories shows that our biscuit performance remained strong. While 4.7% revenue growth in biscuits was below the category rate our overall share performance was strong especially in North America and Europe. The difference was solely due to our China business. Turning to chocolate. Our Cadbury, Dairy Milk and Milka Power Brands each grew high single digits fueling in our growth. In addition over 50% of revenues gained or held share. Our share performance in India in particular was strong, up over 2.5 in a category that continues to grow about 20%. Our results reflect recent capacity investments to support the tremendous from that market. Turning to Gum and Candy, our revenues fell 2.1% as an increase in gum was more than offset by a decline in candy. Our gum share performance continue to improve as we gained a held share in over half of our gum revenues. In beverages, our revenues increased 2.3% despite the headwinds from lower coffee pricing. Although the cost of green coffee has surged over the past two months from about a $1.20 to about $2 per pound, those prices are not yet reflected in the market. Input costs for the first half are still being covered [appraised] by prices. However, we recently announced price increases in Europe that will begin to take effect in late Q2. So, we expect higher pricings to be reflected in the back half of the year. As for powdered beverages, category growth continued to be robust, for Tang up in the low 20s. Let's now take a look at our regional results, where we delivered solid topline performance in 4 of our 5 regions. In Europe, while revenue fell 1%, coffee tampered growth by about 1.5 points. Vol/mix was up nearly a point, despite the impact of the Easter shift and some short term customer dispute as we took (inaudible). Over 70% of our revenues gained or held share. North America had another strong quarter, with revenue up 2.5%, fueled by 5% growth in biscuits. Share performance again was exceptional with over 85% of our revenue gaining or holding share. Gum in the U.S. was up over a point. In emerging markets, as expected we experienced some share dislocations, as consumers adjusting to a higher pricing. As a leader in our categories and many of these markets, we're typically one of the first to price in response the higher input costs. Input costs began to creep up at the end of last year especially in berry and coco and in many emerging markets, we prefer to see further magnified this impact. As a result, we began to price aggressively early this year. In some cases competitors have been slow to follow resulting in sheer dislocation in some key markets. We expect this to be temporary as competitors ultimately price to offset the higher input costs, which are common to the entire industry. Our EMEA region grew nearly 8% with good contributions from both vol mix and pricing. Russia increased high single-digits driven largely by vol mix; coffee, biscuits and gum drove the increase. Also in the region, the Gulf State, Turkey and Egypt all delivered strong growth. Not surprisingly, Ukraine declined double-digits. In Latin America, pricing especially in the high inflation markets of Venezuela and Argentina drove organic growth of 14.7%. But importantly, Brazil was up high single-digits. Powdered beverages and biscuits drove the bulk of the revenue increase, while chocolate growth was modest due to the Easter shift. Asia-Pacific was our long lighting performer, down 2.7% for the quarter. As expected, China was weak with organic revenue down mid-teens primarily due to biscuits. Easters were working to in China are not new. We expect that to be China be drag in Q1 and through the first half as we lag last year's inventory build in support from our AMC investment and the launch of Golden Oreo. While we continue to expect the China biscuit category to be soft for the remainder of the year likely growing in the low single-digits, our revenue trends in the second half should improve as we begin to lap last years slower growth. In contrast of biscuits, (inaudible) China continues to grow rapidly as expand distribution. Gum share is now over 7% just a year and half after launching in that market. Were taking a number of steps to improved Chinas overall performance. Earlier this week, we hired Steven Mars, our new Head of China. Steven joins us from Carlsberg Group where he was CEO of the companys China business. In total he has 16 years of on the ground experience in China including principal P&G and Colgate. We are looking forward to Stevens leadership as he and his team gets China back on the growth trajectory. India continues to deliver strong performance. With our new chocolate capacity in place, we have been able to regain the share we lost in the first half last year. Our beverages business which is now 5th of our sales there was up mid-teens. We continue to successfully expand our Tang business and increase support behind our top selling chocolate beverage Bournvita. Turning to margins; adjusted gross margin was essentially flat with 37.1% as gross profit grew 2.3% on a constant currency basis. Pricing fully offset commodity inflation in dollar terms despite the fact that weve not yet fully realized the impact of the pricing actions we implemented earlier this year. On a percentage basis of course, the denominator effect of this pricing pressure of the gross margin percept. Net productivity was strong and in line with our goal to deliver 2.3% of cost of goods sold this year. As a result, our gross margin percentage was essentially flat to prior year. In terms of adjusted OI margin, we jumped 140 basis points to 12.2%. Half of this gain was a direct result from our efforts to significantly reduce overheads. The other half came from AMC, which was about 9% of net revenue. This compared to last years quarterly high of 9.6% when we accelerated investment in China. To be clear, we didnt cut our base brand support. We successfully lowered AMC cost through efficiencies gained by consolidating our media accounts especially in EMEA, reducing non-working media spending and continuing to shift towards more efficient and targeted digital outcomes. Consistent with our margin goals we made great progress this quarter towards achieving our adjusted OI margin targets in developed markets. Europe was up 130 basis points to 13.9% and North America was up 240 basis points to 13.8%. Moving to EPS; adjusted EPS grew 17.1% on a constant currency basis driven by double-digit growth in operating income. The [logo] line, the impact of having a more normal tax rate was a negative $0.06 impact, but that was partially offset from $0.04 of favorability delivered through debt restructuring and share repurchases. Before turning to guidance, Id like to quickly update you on where we stand on cash flow and capital allocation. Our approach to capital allocation remains the same. Well continue to deploy capital to deliver the best expected returns whether its reinvested in the business, M&A, reducing debt or returning capital to shareholders. With regard to free cash flow, we remained on track to deliver a two year combined target of $3.7 billion. As you may know, we tend to be free cash flow negative in the first quarter as we rebuild inventories after seasonal lows at the end of the year. At the end of Q1 this year, while our inventories were unusually high due to the Easter shift, we were still able to improve our cash conversion cycle by 17 days versus Q1 last year. In the first quarter we returned more than $700 million to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. For the full year, we still expect to return to $2 billion to $3 billion to our shareholders including $1 billion to $2 billion in stock buybacks. With respect to our debt, we were up about $2 billion versus year-end largely reflecting cash returned to shareholders and the working capital increase that I just described. In addition, we paid taxes associated with the $2.8 billion Starbucks award that we received in December. Turning to our outlook for the year, we expect to deliver organic net revenue growth thats in line with overall category rates. However, as I described earlier, global category growth has slowed to around 3% for the last two quarters due largely to the weakness in emerging markets and lower coffee prices. We expect these trends will continue in Q2 likely resulting in top-line growth similar to what we saw in Q1. In our second half, we expect the pass-through of higher Green coffee cards will benefit revenue, but we may also experience some disruptions to our top-line as we implement our strategic initiatives. As a result, we expect revenue growth to improve modestly in the second half. For the year then, we expect organic revenue growth to be in line with all the category growth of about 3%. Importantly though, we remain confident in our profit outlook. Specifically we are confirming our guidance of double-digit adjusted OI growth on a constant currency basis, adjusted OI margin in the high 12% range and adjusted EPS of $1.73 to $1.78 on a constant currency basis. With that let me turn it back to Irene for some closing thoughts.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks Dave. So to sum up, the strategic in cost reductions and actions that we announced today, underscore are determination to become a linear, more focused and more nimble global snacking power house. As our first quarter results show, we are making meaningful progress toward our margin goals, while continuing to deliver solid growth and market shares. The actions we have outlined today will sharpen our focus on snacks, simplify our operations, enhanced and accelerate our ability to deliver world class margins, provides a fuel to invest in our core snacking business to drive top tier growth and position us to deliver superior returns to our shareholders.  With that, I'd like to open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I have got a question about the coffee business, the coffee transaction. I guess the first is just simply Irene, can you talk about the strategic rational and maybe more specifically was it driven more by your view of some changes potentially occurring in the coffee industry or was it more specific to just how coffee sit in your portfolio?
Irene Rosenfeld: Actually Bryan coffee continues to be a very attractive category, it's growing -- category today within our portfolio is growing at good margin. In fact the margins are actually above our Mondelz average and we have seen terrific growth as you know in on demand in particular. But we saw a unique opportunity to combine our business, a very strong business with the DEMB portfolio. And I always think the partnership is a win-win. We received the upfront cash proceeds that we've described of approximately $5 billion after-tax. We intend to use the majority of that and as I said for share buybacks subject to our Board approval. But the balance will be used and the balance will be used for debt reduction and general corporate purposes, while still maintaining our investment grade credit rating. We also thought at the same time received a 49% interest yet a very attractive company, its a leading pure-play coffee company, it has a set of iconic brands with as I mentioned leading positions in over a dozen markets, it provides greater global scale and it's highly complementary in terms of the geographic footprint. All businesses come with some very unique technologies in R&D and in on-demand D.E Master Blenders have strong technology with good coffee. We're going to combine the best-of-both from a management team standpoint. We feel very good about our partners as I mentioned, theyre highly respected business executive. And if gives us the ability to focus on snacking portfolio much more directly and ensure that we have the opportunity to optimally allocate our resources. So net-net, this is the opportunity to take what is a strong business and make it even stronger, while creating great value for the both partners I believe, as well as for our shareholders.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. And if I could just follow-up, a question for you Dave, just in terms of just the value of the deal, I think back of the envelope, if you get back a little bit less EBITDA than what you're contributing, but the net $5 billion of proceeds after cash, it's roughly similar in the neighborhood of $3 of incremental value creation that we saw this morning. So I guess my question would be, is that kind of the right way to think about how we should be thinking about valuating the transaction? And then also just connected to that in terms of cash flow with this business going into JV, just whats the mechanism for the JV to kick the cash flow back to Mondelz? Thank you.
Dave Brearton:  Yes, I think on the valuation, if you look at it in a lot ways, I mean [carefully] we're putting in our business and so it's more about the upside of the two businesses combined thats going to generate the value for this business. I don't think -- its just kind of complicated when you saw joint ventures I don't think we'll get into that. But I think youve seen the multiple that D.E Master Blenders was purchase at and I think clearly that was one other consideration as we put our business into that. In terms of cash flow, today the coffee cash flow obviously is part of our ongoing free cash flow and as Irene mentioned OI margin is above the average of our business, so its pretty healthy cash flow. That we obviously lose. Were going to pick up $5 billion upfront and then the ongoing cash flow will come from dividends. And actually we filed an 8-K this morning along with the press release and you can see the dividend specifics in there. But its a relatively fixed amount for the first three years and then its tied to net operating profit thereafter. So, well get a dividend instead of the ongoing cash flow of our business. Clearly that will be a lower number in aggregate but we get $5 billion upfront in cash.
Dexter Congbalay: Operator, get the next question please.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays:  Should we expect -- I guess on slide 12 you show the impact form the coffee transaction. First off, I assume thats the impact of stranded overheads and if so, it looks like you expect these accelerated cost saves ZBB and such will more than cover those overheads by 16 but would we expect this to be a linear path or to margin need to take a step back in 15 when your stranded costs come out and then get immediately offset by the incremental savings?
Dave Brearton:  Yes. I think when you look at that page, the red bar there, it isnt so much about stranded overheads; its just that as Irene mentioned earlier the OI margin on coffee is higher than the Mondelz average. So it has a small decrement to our average OI margin. I think the stranded overhead piece is actually quite small. Most of the people in the overheads that are associated with our coffee business today will transfer over to the new company. There will be some stranded overheads but its relatively small and it would be taken out through the restructuring program that weve talked about today as well. As it relates to 2015 margins, we didnt give you a margin target for 2015 today, mostly because its going to be tied largely to the timing of the closing of coffee transaction, the progress we make on the work councils and union discussions. But this year, well be in the high 12s in our OI margin. In 2016, well be between 15 and 16. And wed expect to make measurable progress towards that 2016 goal next year. So, its hard for me to give you guidance specifically on 2015 given some of the timings things that I cant predict today but well make measurable progress.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Thats really helpful. And then the one thing that surprises me I guess about your comment about stranded overhead is, that was always one of the -- I think one of the reasons that was always given as to why it was important that coffee and grocery I guess to the extent be part of Mondelz for that scale impact and recovering of fixed and such in some of the European region. And so, I guess I would have thought by parting with that there would be a bigger headwind to cover from that. And I think in certain markets like Russia, if I am not mistaking, you can kind of go to market between coffee and chocolate kind of on the similar system. So I guess just a little clarity on that would be helpful.
Dave Brearton: Yes, I think its really because of the structure of the transaction weve talked about today. As we create the new company, the two businesses are highly complementary but arent that many countries where we have major overlaps. So in a place like Russia, were going to be carving out a coffee sales force for the new company and providing that to the new company. So thats the biggest difference from what you would have expected from the sale transaction because its the new company that were partnering with, we can contribute most of the people and the overheads and cash to that new company. And because its largely complementary in terms of geography, its -- theyre going to need most of those costs. So thats really whats different versus the historical factors as we have had. But youre right, a lot of the countries have combined sales forces today, so thats an exercise we need to go through over the next years.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Okay, thats helpful, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Hi, good morning.
Dave Brearton: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Hi. I had just a follow up on the interest question. I had a question regarding the -- looking at scale little differently and that is scale at retail and how that taken away the coffee asset speed in Europe or even Eastern Europe we have an effect on your growth profile with European call grocery business, do you see any effect from losing this business in that regard?
Irene Rosenfeld: We actually see the opportunity because coffee is much more of a center of store kind of item and our snacking business tends to be more front-end and imports driven, we actually see the opportunity to focus for respective selling organizations on what they do best. Its not unlike the kind of thinking we had as we put the North American grocery business up. So we actually are looking for these new selling organizations to be a lot more focused on their respective categories and actually we believe that will help to drive growth.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Okay. And then just a follow up question on revenue growth, as you look at revenues for the year, the plus 3%, have you considered a higher degree of price realization coming through to support that growth? And are there any pricing [exercise] taken as some, as you said there may be some short term challenges with market share, but anywhere we are seeing these challenges getting to pricing as you expected earlier in the year?
Dave Brearton: Yes, the revenue growth we have given was essentially [pricing] category growth rate, I think both are revenue and the category will reflect a lot more pricing this year and probably a lot more -- a lot less volume mix growth. So thats difficult when you have price taken increases. In terms of the pricing so far, its a bit early to tell, we are putting a lot of the pricing in emerging markets early in the first quarter. And as I mentioned a few minutes ago, competitors some have followed, some have not. But I think its common into industry, I would expect it to come through. Europe is a little bit later, because it takes a while to negotiate the price increases with the trade in Europe. So, we're not going to see the full benefit of that come through until Q2. So, it's a bit early to tell, but I think historically when we've had commodity increases that are common to industry, we've been able to price away those costs. And so I would expect that it will come through as we're planning this year.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: Congratulation. You mentioned revenue growth of 3% for the year, which is close to the growth rate of the first quarter. That first quarter includes a point drag however from Easter and coffee deflation which are factors that when we think will reverse in Q2 or at least Q3 in the case of coffee prices. Are you seeing a slowdown in your base business or actually anticipating disruption from the restructuring as you think about that 3%?
Dave Brearton: I think it is -- you are correct, the first quarter had 40 basis points of an Easter impact and about 60 basis points of coffee. I think the coffee we expect to continue in the second quarter. I think the -- we did say, we would expect some positive bounce in as coffee goes from being a headwind to potentially even a tailwind in the back half. But I think the flip side of that is as you mentioned, there could be some disruption from some of the strategic initiatives we put in place. And frankly, we're just being prudent. The category has grown over the last two quarters now around 3%. And so we felt it was prudent to not count on a terrific turnaround and to plan on that for the balance of the quarter. So, it's not just a quarter one comment, it's been six months now of about 3% category growth.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: And how much of your business will be Europe pre and post the deal? Thank you.
Irene Rosenfeld:  Its down about 1 or 2 percentage point there in that if you look at the configuration post transaction close.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Just a follow-up on the questions on revenue growth. I know it's difficult to pull out the crystal ball on this, but how confident are you that you'll see some recovery in category trends in 2015 and beyond? And just as you're thinking about prospects for EPS growth given your new margin targets, are you assuming a gradual recovery back to 4% to 5% or sales growth or thinking about this, the new run rate?
Irene Rosenfeld:  Thats one of the reasons we took the actions that we announced today is to ensure that despite what happens on our top-line even if trends continue with the same rate that we have great confidence that we can deliver on the margin target and therefore on our EPS commitments.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks. And Dave, you spoke to the cash costs, the restructuring program being largely front loaded during the first two years. Just as we're thinking about the phasing of cost savings and the potential for margin expansion beyond 2016, can you give us a rough sense of what portion of the $1.5 billion in restructuring savings should be realized by 2016?
Dave Brearton:  I think it will flow through pretty steadily. The upfront yeas will be more overhead less supply chain, the later years will be more supply chain, because that takes a little longer to get underway. So, I don't think you'll see a massive skew. I wouldn't expect a huge impact this year though.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And just as were thinking about the margin progression again for those out years, is there any degree of expected base margin expansion thats now just being pulled forward in a way that would moderate the margin prospects for those latter two years?
Dave Brearton:  I think we havent given a specific margin target beyond 2016, mostly because its quite away from now. But we have said well be 15% to 16% in 2016 as an OI margin and the savings that are going to come beyond that in 2017 and 18 should allow us to continue to make margin progress in 17 and 18. And obviously well continue to invest in our businesses just to drive growth while we are doing all of that through that entire prior period.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Alright, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank:  Good morning everybody.
Dave Brearton:  Good morning, Eric.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank:  I guess just first on the coffee if I could ask a question, you noticed, knowing that its high teens margins but thats drawing a very low cyclical point in coffee cost, so kind of what is more of a normalized coffee margin for the business?
Dave Brearton:  I think you have to define what normal coffee costs are. I think 1.20 two months ago was actually not far off the 10 year average, 2 bucks is obviously pretty high and you are absolutely correct though the revenue creates a bigger denominator if green coffee goes up and reduce that margin. But I think it has been historically pretty consistently higher OI margin than the rest of our business.
Irene Rosenfeld:  Thats also been particularly true Eric as we shifted from roast and ground business, predominantly roast and ground business more into on demand and soluble and thats been a trend that has been improving over the last couple of years as we have made those investments in (inaudible) for example.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank:  Okay. And then more about kind of the restructuring, maybe following up a little bit on Matts question. I guess Irene, followed you for a long time at Craft and now Mondelz, I mean there is just youve made a lot of well received strategic rules, but I would say that so much restructuring so much cash leaving really historically has it led to great fundamental performance. This was [growthco] 18 months ago and the top-line target has now taken a complete back seat. So if I was working in Mondelz I would be kind of wondering what are my targets. I used to be lets say recruited here to be a brand manager with growth and now its all about cost savings and ZBB. So I guess as we kind of go through this next iteration of change in restructuring like what how do you keep people like focused or motivated and how disruption are you, do you think is going to occur from so much going on within the company?
Irene Rosenfeld: Eric I think you make a fair observation. I would remind you as you know our last restructuring program was in 2004 and 2008. We did deliver the targeted savings under that program but we had a business that was severely in need of reinvestment at that time. And if you recall in 2006 our shares were declining our product quality was not where it needed to be, we didnt have an innovation pipeline. So we did reinvest most of our savings back into the business and quite frankly I would argue we have created some great value on a number of those businesses which allowed us a lot of this put off to North American grocery business and create great value for shareholders. At this point though were in a very different position. Our shares have now been consistently positive for a couple of years. Weve got our investments up to where we need them to be on our snacking businesses and I have great confidence that the savings that we have laid out, you will see reflected in our P&L and exactly made the commitments today to take up the bottom end of our rates over these next couple of years and as we have said we actually see some additional upside beyond that as a consequence of the investments. With respect to how should employees react, there is a lot to absorb here, there is no question about that but our employees are committed to creating this global snacking power house that we will leave in the market place and it is clear that as the environment has changed in large measure, it was imperative that we take appropriate actions to address some of the inefficiencies in our cost structure while continuing to drive growth, if anything the number of the actions that we are describing today will certainly help our margins but will also give us the fuel to reinvest in growth. So I actually dont take an inconsistent message, we continue to outperform our peers in most markets around the world, its just a more challenging environment so I think we all had imagined as we created this company 18 months ago, but net-net I have great confidence that the actions that we are taking today will make us a stronger company and increase confidence in our ability to deliver top tier financial results.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. I will pass it on. Good luck.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Hey, thanks for the question. Dave I dont think you addressed this, forgive me if you did. Can you help us to understand how much net debt the new coffee-co had on its balance sheet? I am asking just because if we are trying to model the improvement in your non-controlling interest, I guess we want better understand to how much interest expense that entity will have. So is it fair to assume [BE] will finance the $5 billion with all debt, how much legacy interest expense of debt do they have, just curious for any color you can help with there. Thanks
Dave Brearton: Yes. I don't want to get too much into the financing of the new company. But if you look at the 8-K we issued today. I have highlighted that we're taking out 4 billion euros which is the $5 billion we referred to. And the [JAB] folks are talking out 2.5 billion and I think any all the financing of that would be in the new company, it will be nothing at our level or above that.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Research
Unidentified Analyst: (Inaudible) and with few questions on behalf of David. Hello?
Dave Brearton: Go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Just wanted to know if you could give us what's the combined pro forma EBITDA for the new coffee business will be? And then going forward what type of, what level of cost synergies do you think will be able to be achieved by combining the businesses?
Dave Brearton: Yes, I think as we said today, we think the new company will have margins in the high teens on the EBITDA level, we haven't given any cost synergy numbers. I think I would say that some of the excitement of this business is that its highly complementary both in technology as well as geographic platforms in brand. So, I would say the revenue synergies frankly are as exciting of any cost synergies that could come out of it. And as I mentioned earlier, on line of the countries that our business is in, they are not and vice-versa So, I think this is as much about being a global pure play coffee company as it is about traditional synergies.
Unidentified Analyst: And so on your kind of accretion analysis and innings of that accretion in the first full year, you are saying there is not much in a way of cost synergies kind of baked into that projection?
Dave Brearton: I would say that I'm not going to get into specifics of the new company's business plan, but I would say that as we talk about accretion of the first full year that reflects the cash we received and assuming the majority of that cash goes to buy back shares with a substantial portion potentially for debt pay down as well. So, I think that's more driver and the fact that we will be consolidating 49% of the net income of the company as minority interest position within our earnings per share number. So that's way that really comes from.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And one last thing on chocolate, can you just talk a little bit about the range of price increases that youve taken and just kind of generally how well have they have been excepted thus far?
Dave Brearton: It varies a lot. I mean in Europe obviously the pricing to recover the cocoa and dairy cost and most recently not costs. And those costs, those price increases were negotiated in the first quarter and we've got those lined up, but they really didn't impact our revenue until late in March. So you'll see those kind of flow through in the second quarter. I really don't want to get into net price increases, because frankly that gets into trade deals and other things. In the emerging market is much higher, because not only a recovery in cocoa and dairy, were also cutting the currency impact in most of those countries. So you're looking at price increases in emerging markets anywhere from high single-digits to mid-teens it depends on the country. So it's fairly significant in emerging market. Those mostly were put in place in the first quarter and they're playing through and I would expect that those are on the shelf in most of those countries obviously that are there today.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: A couple of quick housekeeping questions on the coffee transaction. The dividend income stream that you disclosed in the 8-K, the split between Acorn and you, should we use the same ratio as the cash distribution?
Dave Brearton: I would use the same ratio of the ownership of the future company.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thats helpful. Timing wise some time in 2015 it sounds like you are pretty confident in terms of regulatory approval, why such a protracted timeline?
Dave Brearton:  Its not just regulatory approval, its also the works council consultations that we need to go through in Europe. So as with any transaction like this, you need to consult with the works councils and you need to complete those consultations before you can close the transaction on the case of absence where you can actually accept the offer. So there is a process we need to follow. We went through the same process when we bought the biscuit business from the Danone. So we understand that process pretty well. And its just a question of timing. So it will be sometime in the course of 2015 and thats why we have been a bit reluctant to give a specific guidance for next year and we have really focused on this year in 2016.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Got it, thats helpful. And one last question, back to fundamentals. Looking at slide 16 where you showed geographic your share performance, great share performance in the developed markets, a relatively soft performance across each region of emerging markets. Can you give us some more color on whats driving that share weakness and on a forward what you expect and why?
Dave Brearton:  Yes, I think if you go back over the last two years we have been pretty consistently strong and shares across all other region. So this is an aberration, but as I mentioned a few minutes ago, we took pricing in the first quarter and in most of those markets we are the price leader. And so we have priced to recover commodity and ForEx impacts within our cost. And weve successfully done that through. Some of our competitors are lagging those price increases. But in the end these are all common to industry cost increases. So I would be surprised if they dont eventually come up. So I would expect that to normalize. Its fairly typical when we are in the price increase environment; price leader takes a bit of it after the first few months.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Got it, makes sense. Thanks a lot guys, I will pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Hi everyone.
Irene Rosenfeld: Hi Ken.
Dave Brearton: Good morning.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: I have just a big picture, what was the catalyst to push you to reevaluate the extent of your margin structure. I mean you guys have been looking at the portfolio for some time, what pushed you to do this mix restructuring effort?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, as our global categories have slowed down particularly in the emerging markets, the need to drive best-in-class cost becomes that much more important for us to deliver on our bottom-line commitments. And so weve been talking about that for quite some time now. Obviously there was a big subject of discussion with our Board at our strategic plan last summer. And weve been working on a number of these initiatives. We shared with you the early thinking on supply chain, at back-to-school we talked to you about some of the work that we were just beginning on zero-based budgeting with respect to overhead at -- and what weve announced today essentially reflects the combination of those activities. Obviously the coffee transaction is something that was happening concurrent with the number of these other thoughts, but theyre highly interrelated and thats why we have great confidence that as we take these actions together that we will be able to drive additional margin expansion sooner, while still continuing to support our franchises.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Would you expect to have anymore additional actions to be taken in terms of it is a portfolio refinement or even another level deeper into cost not at this coffee structuring is not excellent I dont want to minimize that and the effort there. But is there I mean as you get deeper and deeper in this, do you think this ball is going to keep on rolling in terms of portfolio refinement and cost restructuring?
Irene Rosenfeld: I think the cost piece of it were committing to approximately 300 to 400 basis points improvement over these next three years, thats a fairly substantial commitment that were making on the margin front and weve got some very strong programs behind that. Well continue to push as aggressively as we can, but I think the target that weve laid out are quite aggressive. And as we suggested, we see the opportunities as we make some of our supply chain investments to help accelerate our delivery there. That will have some benefits beyond 2016. So I think the commitments we have made today are quite aggressive. At the same time from a portfolio standpoint, this coffee transaction was a unique opportunity to create the worlds largest pure play coffee company, and we believe we have accomplished that by creating great value for both partners and creating good value for our shareholders, both today and then looking into the future. So we feel quite pleased with the overall implications of the transactions and as well as the actions that weve announced today.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Great, I appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Can I ask about -- two quick questions. Does your emerging market exposure that I think is 40% today change out after this coffee deal. The second one is does the 15% to 16% margin goal by 2016 still stands even after the coffee is excluded from consolidated earnings? And then finally, just following up on Kens question. Could you imagine structuring a similar deal for the cheese and grocery to business which seems even less strategic than the coffee business? Thank you very much?
Irene Rosenfeld: So Alexia, our emerging market business will still be about 40% of the portfolio after the transaction. The second question was
Dave Brearton: The margin, the 15% to 16% margin already takes out coffee, so there is a small coffee decrement that goes in there because coffee has higher margins the rest of portfolio but thats more than aid up by the savings on the restructuring program.
Irene Rosenfeld: And then the last question on the portfolio, as I said coffee is a very unique opportunity for us to create value and we are not going to get into any other hypothetical at this point in time.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Bumgarner with Wells Fargo.
John Bumgarner - Wells Fargo: Irene, in the absence of seeing some reinvestment in this coffee proceeds, its to route to market and wide space growth, how do you see the return on investment as global category growth is slowed; have returns deteriorated at all or how are you thinking about developing markets reinvestment going forward? Thanks.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I think we've seen some -- a number of good returns on the investments that we made particularly in a number of our markets last year as we thought at that time, we make some investments in route to market in Brazil, in Russia and in India and we've seen great paybacks there. But one place we saw less of a return, has been in China and as we talked, we have pulled back quite a bit from some of those investments. So, we continue to look at these markets on a pay as you go basis. We're monitoring whether or not, we're getting the return as we make investments in areas like route to market. But we have a strong desire to make sure that we are creating the necessary investments in our infrastructure to enable us to benefit as the markets recover. So, I think we've got the right balance here between continuing to make investments that deliver attractive returns while ensuring showing that we're not overinvesting if the markets are not responding as well. So, we keep a very close eye on that.
John Bumgarner - Wells Fargo: Okay. Thanks Irene.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research: First question is just I'm curious, I know JV I believe also and to keep comparable in the U.S. And I just can't remember, when you spun -- when you split Mondelz in Kraft Foods, is there any agreement in place such that you can or cant operate in Kraft market? I'm just asking just of chance three years, four years kind of wherever you could find that the U.S. is actually very attractive coffee market, are you allowed to sell coffee in U.S.?
Irene Rosenfeld: We are not precluding for selling coffee in the U.S.
Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research: Okay, perfect. Thanks. And then second, when JV purchased D.E Master Blenders, D.E Master Blenders was obviously spun from Sara Lee. There was a great story behind it. As they sort of kind of work through their strategy upfront before JV bought them, they found themselves actually kind of facing a bit of pressure, mostly on the top-line but then some of the margin estimates came under question et cetera. JV decided this job of being able to purchase the asset but considered potentially trough margins and earnings. Now that you're working with JV kind of post purchasing D.E Master Blenders have like what have you -- I'm not sure if you can provide any color on this. But have you seen that their strategy with the business before the JV with you and then accurate is really more cost focus -- cost saving focused or is this something that we should be thinking as sort of another phase of growth co or and cost co or is it more of a cost savings opportunity? Thanks.
Irene Rosenfeld: As you can imagine, we are in a position to be able to make a lot of statements about the combined company going forward. But I will tell you, as I think our approaches to the business are quite well aligned and that's why we see great opportunity and we're pleased to have a 49% of the combined company going forward.
Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management.
Dexter Congbalay:  Hi, this is Dexter. Nick and I will be around for the rest of the day to answer any questions you might have. Other than that, thank you all for joining the call and we will talk to you later.
Operator:  Thank you. This does conclude todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-12 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Dexter Congbalay - Vice President, Investor Relations Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Dave Brearton - Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Andrew Lazar - Barclays Chris Growe - Stifel Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank David Driscoll - Citi Research Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein John Bumgarner - Wells Fargo  
Operator: Good day and welcome to Mondelez International Fourth Quarter 2013 Year End Earnings Conference Call. Todays call is scheduled to last about one hour including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dexter Congbalay, Vice President of Investor Relations for Mondelez International. Please go ahead, sir. 
Dexter Congbalay: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO and Dave Brearton, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release. This release and todays slides are available on our website, mondelezinternational.com. As you know, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements about the companys performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of todays prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. With that, I will now turn the call over to Irene. 
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks Dexter. As you know, 2013 was our first full year as a global snacking company. Frankly, we are very disappointed that our performance was below what we and our shareholders originally expected. But it turns out to be quite a challenging year as we faced slower category growth and volatility in some of our key markets. In the context of this macroeconomic environment, we delivered solid results. For the full year, revenue increased 3.9% in line with the overall growth of our categories. Our revenue was high-quality driven by strong volume mix. This type of volume mix was the best in our industry. Our share performance was also strong with about 70% of our revenues gaining or holding share. In emerging markets, we grew 9% despite the fact that they were disproportionately affected by the category slowdown. As entered 2014, four of our five regions have strong underlying momentum with Asia-Pacific being the lone outlier. As you know, we have already taken a number of steps to regain momentum in Asia, including strengthening our management teams at the regional level and in China, India, and Australia. We have also improved our monitoring systems of leading indicators like trade stocks and short up our analytical capabilities. These changes will help us detect potential issues much earlier and make us a stronger operating company. Turning to profitability we delivered adjusted OI margin of 12% in line with our guidance. Our margin improved sequentially each quarter last year exiting with Q4 margins at nearly 14%. Finally our adjusted EPS was a $1.51 thats up 13.5% on a constant currency basis consistent with a double digit guidance we gave throughout the year. Our favorable tax rate allowed us to accelerate our growth investments in emerging markets while still delivering strong double digit growth on the bottom line. Before I turn the call over to Dave let me give a few more details on our revenue and share performance. Vol mix was the primary driver of our growth with all of our regions posting gains. Overall vol mix contributed 3.4 percentage points to our top line. Pricing was only a modest contributor mainly due to the impact from coffee as we passed through lower green coffees to our customers. In the final analysis coffee tampered organic revenue growth by 80 basis points for the year and 70 basis points in the quarter. As I mentioned earlier our emerging markets performed well up nearly 9%. Our BRIC markets grew about 10%, Brazil, Russia and India each posted double digit growth while China was up low single-digits reflecting a significant slowdown in their biscuit category. Our developed markets increased 8/10ths of a percent with North America and Europe both posting solid growth. Our power brands which represent about 60% of our total revenue grew 6.5%. They continue to fuel both our growth and our margins as we distort our spending to these brands. Cadbury Dairy Milk, Lacta, Oreo, belVita, TUC, Club Social and Barni all posted double digit gains. From a category perspective in aggregate we grew in line with our categories. We used our strong share performance to offset volatility and market such as China, Egypt, and South East Asia. The roll out of proven innovation platforms into new markets continues to be a key driver of our category growth. Biscuits and chocolate had a terrific year and despite continuing challenges in gum our snacks revenue was up nearly 5%. Lets take a closer look at each category, biscuits continued to perform well. Revenue was up 7% clearly outpacing category growth of 5.5% and we grew or hold share in 70% of our revenue. Oreo led the way up double digits with annual revenue now approaching $2.5 billion. belVita which anchors our sustaining energy platform continued to grow rapidly up 25%. belVita now generates revenue of over $0.5 billion more than doubling in size since 2010. Chocolate revenue growth was also strong up nearly 6% and share performance was outstanding with 80% of revenues gaining or holding share. Cadbury Dairy Milk had a stellar year growing low double digits overall including more than 20% in India. Mocha was up nearly 10% driven by strong growth in emerging markets. Gum remains the only soft spot in our snacks portfolio, gum and candy revenue declined 1.5% as the mid-single digit decreased in gum more than offset below single digit increase in candy. Despite continuing weakness were seeing improvement in gum as we implement a number of initiatives to rejuvenate the category. Over half of our revenues gained or held share last year and in the fourth quarter although gum revenue in developed markets was down mid-single digits thats encouraging progress from the mid-teens decline we saw earlier in the year. Outside of snacks beverages revenue increased about 1%. Coffee decreased low single-digits. That was in line with the category and a clear reflection of the pricing environment driven by lower green costs. The pass-through was especially pronounced in roast and ground coffee, which makes up roughly 40% of our business. From a share standpoint, two-thirds of our revenue gained or held share led by on-demand and soluble coffee. Tassimo, in particular, continued to show strong growth with revenue increasing 30% to over $450 million. Thats on top of a gain of more than 20% in 2012. Powdered beverages primarily our $1 billion Tang brand had another robust year with high single-digit growth and strong market shares. Finally, the remainder of our portfolio, cheese and grocery grew 1.3%. So for the full year, we delivered high-quality revenue growth in line with recent category trends. Strong share performance and sequentially improving margins consistent with our guidance. Looking ahead, we are committed to improving results in 2014 and beyond. We remained focused on increasing efficiency and aggressively reducing costs both in our supply chain and in overheads. Although near-term economic conditions will remain challenging, the plans we are executing give us great confidence in our potential to significantly expand margins and deliver strong top line growth. With that, let me now hand it over to Dave. 
Dave Brearton: Thanks Irene. 2013 was indeed a challenging year and no more so than our Asia-Pacific region. Organic revenue was up only slightly for the year 0.6%. Emerging markets were up mid-single-digits offsetting a mid-single-digit decline in developed markets. Revenues were notably weak in the second half of the year, including a 6% decrease in the fourth quarter. This was primarily due to the issues in China biscuits that we discussed in our third quarter earnings call. As expected, despite strong growth in gum, China was down double-digits in Q4 as our distributors reduced excess biscuits inventory. While the impact of destocking is now behind us, we expect biscuits growth in China will continue to be soft for the first half of the year consistent with recent category trends and this rely for strong year ago revenue comparison. In the fourth quarter, Asia-Pacifics revenue growth was also tempered by aggressive promotional spending in our developed markets, especially in Australia and New Zealand. This was the key factor driving our pricing down 4.4 percentage points in the quarter. On the positive side, India continued to perform well, up low teens for the year driven by strong chocolate growth. Our share performance across the region was also strong with over 60% of our revenues either gaining or holding share. And Power Brands significantly outperformed the rest of the portfolio, up 6.5%. Now, lets turn to the other regions. As Irene mentioned earlier, all of our four other regions exited the year with good underlying momentum and solid results. In EEMEA, organic revenue grew 9.2% driven by double-digit gains and volume mix. Pricing was a bit lower down 1.8 percentage points. This mostly reflects lower prices in coffee, particularly in Eastern Europe as well as chocolate in Russia. Importantly, we delivered growth across the region and in almost all our categories even with the pricing pressures in coffee and chocolate. Russia was up double-digits led by strong volume mix across much of its portfolio. These gains were due in part to the incremental A&C and route-to-market investments that we made earlier in the year while the standout performers included the Gulf States, West Africa and Egypt. Market share across the region was very strong with over three quarters of revenue gaining or holding. And Power Brands were up 14%. The Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka, Barni, Jacobs and Tang, all posted strong double-digit gains. Turning to Latin America, organic revenue grew 12.3% for the year, almost entirely due to pricing in the hyperinflationary economies in Venezuela and Argentina. Each of these businesses has revenues of about $800 million. After our $2 billion Brazilian business, this makes them our second and third largest markets in Latin America. Our teams in Venezuela and Argentina has done a good job responding to the challenging economic conditions all year. However given these markets volatility we continue to have a cautious outlook. In Brazil despite softening category trends as the year progressed revenue was up double digits with balanced contributions from both raw mix and pricing. Biscuits, chocolate and candy each grew double digits. Slow growth covered beverages was up high single-digits. Like Russia the incremental investments we have made in A&C and route to market expansion began to pay off especially in the fast growing north-north east region of the country. Market share performance of Latin America was mixed it's a little less than half of our revenues gaining or holding share. Overall shares of our power brands faired well especially in Brazil. However in markets like Argentina and Venezuela the effects of high inflation have led some consumers to trade down to cheaper brands. Finally power brands were up 13% with Lacta, Oreo, Club Social, Halls and belVita all delivering double digit growth. In Europe organic revenue was up 8/10ths of 1%, vol mix contributed over 3 points of growth on the year while pricing declines nearly 2.5 points mostly due to coffee. For the full year as well as in Q4, lower coffee revenue affected the regions growth by about 2 percentage points. Looking at performance by category, chocolate revenue was up mid-single digits driven almost entirely by vol mix; growth across the region was broad-based with double digit growth in Central Europe. Milka and Cadbury Dairy Milk each delivered strong growth while innovation platforms such as Marvellous Creations and Bubbles [ph] made strong contribution. Biscuits were also up mid-single digits with most of the gains coming from vol mix. Oreo, belVita, and our Choco-Bakery platforms owe much of the growth. belVita [ph] clients in single digits due to lower pricing more than offsetting solid vol mix. Our convenience coffee platforms notable Tassimo and Millicano continue to perform strongly. Gum and candy revenues were down in single digits entirely due to gum. However gum revenue in the fourth quarter was only down to mid-single digits a significant improvement from earlier in the year. Candy was up modestly driven by strength in Cadbury Eclairs and Mocha coffees. Europes market share performance remained strong at about 2/3rds of revenue gained or held share and our power brands grew 4% with double digit gains in Oreo, Cadbury Dairy Milk, and Tassimo and Choco-Bakery. Finally in North America organic revenue increased 2.9%, this gets delivered another outstanding year. Revenue was up more than 5% largely through vol mix. Both Oreo and Chips Ahoy! grew double digits driven by strong flavor and packaging innovations highly successful marketing campaigns and increased in-store displays. belVita also had an excellent year, nearly doubling revenues and crossing the $100 million and we had a strong year behind double digits gains of Sour Patch Kids and Swedish Fish, but Halls grew mid-single digits. In gum revenue declining in-line with the category down mid-single digits in the fourth quarter thats an improvement from the first nine months of the year as we begun differ from the impact of the shelf reset. Overall market share performance was outstanding with over 85% of the regions revenue gaining or holding share. Turning to profits adjusted gross margin was essentially flat for the year, (indiscernible) significant improvement in our cost structure. Supported by the supply chain initiatives we described last September we generated gross productivity of well over 4% and record net productivity of 2.5%. These savings however were offset by commodity inflation especially in emerging markets such as India and Brazil. As local currencies weakened the cost to purchasing raw materials traded in dollars, euros or sterling spiked. And while we usually have good commodity coverage it's significantly more difficult to cover these Forex impacts so it keep our cost of goods quickly. Of course we fully expect to offset commodity inflation overtime including the impacts of currency but were unable to price quickly enough to protect gross margins in the back half of the year. Once these prices increases are fully implemented the methods for net productivity will flow through to improved gross margins. Adjusted OI margin was 12% on the year and 13.9% in the quarter consistent with our guidance. The full year result was essentially flat compared to the prior year, including a 10 basis point impact from the devaluation of the bolivar and a 30 basis point impact related to our decision to accelerate some investments in emerging markets. We offset much of these impacts through overhead leverage in developed markets. In Europe, margins rose 60 basis points to 13.6%. And in North America, margins increased 110 basis points to 14.9%. Clearly, we are already making progress towards our long-term margin goals for these regions. Moving on to earnings per share, adjusted EPS for the year was $1.51. Currency was a negative $0.09 headwind, including $0.03 from the write-down of the net monetary assets related to the devaluation of the bolivar. On a constant currency basis, adjusted EPS grew 13.5%. Operations were favorable $0.04 from the year despite the investments we made in emerging markets. Much of the remaining increase on adjusted EPS was in the tax favorability related to discrete items. However, as we progressed through the year end closing process, we determined that some of these items should have been recorded in prior years. As we described in our earnings release, we have increased our 2013 taxes to reflect this revision resulting in a $0.02 reduction in adjusted EPS. We have also made corresponding reductions to taxes for the years 2009 to 2012 and adjusted retained earnings for any items prior to 2009. All of these items are non-cash. Even with this revision as well as an unusually tax rate, high tax rate in Q4 due to a recent change in French law, our 2013 adjusted effective tax rate of around 15% was low due to many of the discrete items we discussed during the year. In 2014, we continue to expect our tax rate to be about 20% in line with our mid-term guidance. Turning to cash, free cash flow was $2.3 billion after excluding the impact of the Starbucks arbitration. This is well above the midpoint of our previous guidance of $3 billion for 2013 and 2014 combined. The improvement in working capital was the key driver of the favorability. We took our cash conversion cycle by 14 days or nearly 50% to finish 2013 at 15 days. Cash flow was also aided by delays in capital and restructuring projects, which we expect to catch up in 2014. As a result, we are updating our expectations for the combined total free cash flow for 2013 and 2014 to at least $3.7 billion. This increase from the original target reflects the phasing of CapEx spending and stronger working capital performance. Turning to our 2014 outlook, our goal is to grow our top line at or above the growth of our categories. In 2014, we anticipate organic net revenue growth will be approximately 4%. We expect adjusted OI to grow low double-digits on a constant currency basis. The combination of top and bottom line growth both adjusting and adjusted OI margin in the high 12% range. In terms of pacing, we expect year-over-year margin improvement each quarter. We continue to evaluate opportunities in both overheads and supply chain to accelerate margin expansion and well update you of those opportunities per month. Finally, we expect to deliver adjusted EPS of $1.73 to $1.78. As we did last year, we are providing this guidance on a constant currency basis. Based on spot rates as of January 31, currency would be $0.07 headwind to our current range. You can see the details of the spot rates used in the appendix of this presentation. We will continue to give updates on currencies each quarter based on the latest spot rates. Lets take a closer look at organic revenue and adjusted EPS guidance. Moving forward, we will frame our organic growth opportunity in relation to overall category performance. As we outlined in the third quarter and again today, our categories have slowed across the board. In 2013, our categories grew in aggregate about 3.8%, with fourth quarter growth at about 3.2%. And while that fourth quarter deceleration is not indicative of our 2014 expectations, it does show continuing volatility in the marketplace. Based on current trends, we expect the category growth rates to be about 4% in 2014. We will use market share gains to offset potential volatility and provide upside. Before we move on to the EPS, I would like to highlight a couple of pacing considerations on our revenue growth this year. We expect the first quarter to grow between 2% and 3% due to a number of factors. Easter is coming three weeks later in 2014 as a result some holiday related shipments will ship from the first quarter last year to the second quarter this year. We expect coffee prices will be a headwind in Q1 and likely for the first half as we compare to 2013 periods when prices were still coming down. Obviously the recent spike in coffee prices is sustained could change our full year outlook but it won't affect Q1. In china we expect the biscuits category will reflect the same weakness at they have been in 2013. While the impact of these factors behind us in the near term China biscuits will not be a significant source of growth. Lastly were increasing prices across most geographies this quarter in-line with our strategy to deploy recover commodity in Forex impacts. In the near term we may face temporary disruptions with customers and consumers as the market adapts to the new prices. We expect this impact will be most pronounced in Q1. Turning to EPS we expect to deliver adjusted EPS of a $1.73 to a $1.78 up double digits on a constant currency basis. Consistent with our expectation of double digit operating income growth the majority of EPS growth will be delivered by operations. Taxes will be a significant headwind this year but will be more than offset by lower interest expense and shares outstanding. The figures on this chart are directional reflecting what we know today but they will provide a frame of reference for you to understand the expected EPS drivers. So to wrap up 2013 was a challenging year but we delivered solid results. More importantly our emerging market investments and our early progress on cost reductions in both overheads and productivity set a stage for a strong 2014 especially as it relates to margin improvement. Of course 2014 will have some of the same category challenges we faced last year but we expect the top line to grow in line with our categories as when you share gains to offset market volatility. Furthermore strong growth in our operating income and margin will deliver double digit EPS growth which will put us at the top of our peer growth. With that I would like to open it up for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Just two quick things from me I guess first of the 300 basis points in margin that youre targeting through 2017 I think about 250 basis points was highlighted initially as coming from the gross margin side. I guess youre now talking you know again more aggressively about potential overhead opportunity. I think youve even brought somebody board fairly recently to help look into this a bit more deeply and I guess what would you peg the overhead portion of margin through 2017 now if thats change and does this increase the overall margin target and/or maybe just accelerated or just shift the composition of how you get there? 
Dave Brearton: I think the way to think about overhead Andrew is it has been the single biggest driver of our market increase over the last few years. It was again the biggest driver of the margin increase in North America and Europe last year and we still believe we have some road ahead of us on that. Youre correct we brought James Kehoe back in at the end of last year as our top management person and a key part of his role is in fact overhead management and he is in the process now working with us to implement a zero based maturity [ph] approach going forward. So I would yes overheads will be an opportunity in 2014 and beyond. I think it's too early for us to quantify that but we will probably give you some more insight on how were thinking about overheads impact. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Right and then Irene as you have spoken about I think in your prepared remarks and even in the last quarter your category growth rates have slowed since the time of the split and certainly had the largest impact on your recent top line trends. I guess do you think it makes sense to move more towards sort of a long term top line target that is more market growth based? In other words you know market growth plus on factor for share gains you know Procter for example, Procter does the 
Irene Rosenfeld: I think were taking the first step in that direction with the guidance that we have given you for 2014 but without a doubt as we monitor these markets and we see how our categories are evolving it will be our intent to grow as we have said at or above those category growth rates and I think thats the right way to think about it. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: And just as part of that I mean in 14 obviously you will grow in-line with the market because you got share gains offset by some volatility. I guess, over time, I would think you would expect to grow ultimately at market growth rates plus some factor, so, i.e., faster than your category growth rates over time. Is that the right way to look at it and its just now the market volatility thats bringing it back down to in line with category growth? 
Dave Brearton: I think its a question of just how we frame up the expectations. We have given guidance to be at or above category growth rates. And I think thats the approximately 4%. Last year, we actually grew share in most of our markets and we were slightly above the category growth rates. And I think we strongly believe that the brands we have got are capable of growing faster than the category. I think as we think about it, we would rather keep that share upside for either covering any emerging market volatility like Venezuela or ideally to deliver upside to the guidance we are giving. And so thats how we are thinking about it, but clearly, internally we are driving per share growth. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Thanks very much and see you all next week. 
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe from Stifel. 
Chris Growe - Stifel: Good evening. Can you hear me okay? 
Dave Brearton: Yes. 
Chris Growe - Stifel: Okay, thank you. I want to ask as you look at your growth profile for 14 and the 4% revenue growth, you had a pretty sluggish environment in the developed markets some of thats coffee I realized, I am just trying to get a sense of emerging markets versus developed market growth in 14, if you can give anymore color on that? 
Dave Brearton: Yes, I think we havent given any specific guidance for 14 by segment, but I think its fair to say that the categories last year in emerging markets grew in the sort of 8% to 9% range and our revenue growth in emerging markets last year was about 9%. So to the extent that we are saying we dont see the category to get through is changing a lot, those are probably reasonable guidelines for next year. We still find emerging markets over time will return to double-digit growth, but thats probably not in the next 12 months. Developed markets growth has to say, I mean, the categories have slowed a lot in emerging markets, but a big diver of that, particularly in Europe was in the coffee business. Again, we are not counting on a big recovery and thats in the short-term, whether North American growth rates tend to be in the 2% to 3% range. In Europe, its a bit lower, because of coffee. 
Chris Growe - Stifel: Okay. Just I had a quick follow-up if I could on your pricing versus cost inflation if you gave it I didnt hear, but is there any range you are talking specifics but about the percentage increase in cost inflation or how much pricing you should expect across the year as a contributor to revenue growth? 
Dave Brearton: We havent given a specific number here, but I think its actually not too much commodities, its more currency, which frankly makes it a little harder to tend down, because its more volatile and we have less coverage on it. But it is  its going to be a fairly significant driver of the revenue growth in the first half of the year, in particular and it will be more skewed to emerging markets. There is some significant pricing in Europe, but its going to be more skewed to emerging markets. 
Chris Growe - Stifel: Okay, thanks for the time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer from RBC Capital Markets. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good afternoon. This is actually Chris (indiscernible) for Dave. Just a quick question, just a follow-up on coffee, you mentioned its still a headwind in the first half, but can you provide any visibility on whether it will be a drag in the second half your view on the second half? 
Dave Brearton: Yes, I think the reason we said its a headwind in the first quarter, specifically is last year at this time, coffee prices were still coming down, its about $1.45 last year at this time. And the pricing in the marketplace today is more in 110 to 120 range because thats where green coffee has been for most of the last six months. If you ask me about the back half of the year, then I have to start projecting what green coffee costs are going to do. As you might have noticed, coffee costs spiked up about two weeks ago. We are up about 140 today. If it stays there, we would obviously adjust our prices upwards to reflect that, because coffee is an extra category thats not built into our guidance, but I think its way too early to say whether thats going to sick or not, regardless it wouldnt affect quarter one. Quarter one will play out more or less based on where the pricing in the marketplace is today against that kind of 145 base last year. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. 
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: Hey, good afternoon everyone. 
Dave Brearton: Hi Bryan. 
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: Just a question on I guess marketing investment in emerging markets, I think you had previously talked a bit about $100 million incremental investment in 13 and then I think an extra $100 million in 2014. So I guess first can you just  are those still good numbers for us to be working with? And then second kind of given the change in the environment, is there anything different you are doing with those dollars versus your original plan. I guess as the environment has sort of changed that you know perspective on marketing investments in emerging markets. 
Dave Brearton: In terms of the numbers we had a plan to increase emerging market investments overtime. This year we made decision to accelerate about a $100 million for that investment from 14 than the 13 and I have (indiscernible) thats part of our results this year so we did make that step up. Were not pulling back on that but we will sustain that kind of spending as we go into next year so were not going to have another step change but we will try to sustain that level of spending as we did in the next year but in terms of how we think about the investments although Irene will address that. 
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes we continued to see the opportunity to make foundational investments that we think will get a good return investments in route to market, investments in sales capabilities for example so that were well positioned as these markets recover and we certainly did see a good return on our investments in markets like Russia and India and Brazil last year. So we will continue to look at those investments. Were going to pull that a little bit on some of the AMC investments as we see the categories continue A&C investments as we see the categories continue to grow at the rates that are out there today because were just not finding that were able to change the trajectory much with those investments. So thats how were thinking about it but we will obviously continue to monitor the markets and make the adjustments accordingly. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay couple of questions, first on well I guess you call it marketing, admin and research so the it looks like youve been running in that line roughly 2.1 billion to 2.2 billion a quarter is that like a decent run-rate because the comparison for whatever reason Im not sure it would hurt you or it was so costly a year ago like so much margin expansion came from that line. You know your gross margins were actually down in the quarter so Im just trying to get a sense as to what is the right level there and if you could also kind of say what advertising and promotion were you know up or where it was for the year in the quarter that will be helpful. 
Dave Brearton: Sure. I mean that line we would have called selling, general and administrative expenses includes all of what we call our advertising and consumer promotions. It includes all of our overheads outside the manufacturing area. It also includes other income expense which has some of the sort of one-off items that would come from asset sales and stuff. So it is a broad bucket. I think the reduction year-over-year is partially Forex frankly but also partially overheads are down and particularly down in North America and in Europe where we have had pretty good programs all through the year and we have been building, saving as we went through the year. Quarter Four a year ago was also relatively high particularly in North America because that was the first quarter after the spin and thats really when the dissynergies hit sort of the before whack in the fourth quarter last year. So thats kind of whats in that bucket and whats driving the reduction. In terms of the A&C spending we said that we spent just over 9% in 2012, what we finished last year about the same actually. We invested more in emerging markets but we have some good productivity programs in the developed market that allows us to get some efficiencies out of that. So again the same kind of reach. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay and what are your plans for 2014 on that number? 
Dave Brearton: We haven't given any guidance on that but I wouldnt expect any material changes up or down. We will talk probably a little more about that soon. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay and then in terms of your I guess so just so I understand it more clearly your reported revenue youre like right now youve got up organic I guess 2 to 3 that youve got you ended the fourth quarter on line a negative 2.5 on currency but youre saying that youre implementing pricing so your hopeful that the pricing offsets the currency on top line so in dollar terms you hope for the year to still for your organic to basically include your reported? 
Dave Brearton: When we talk about pricing to cover commodities and currency were talking about transaction. So the impact of currency on the cost of importing materials into a specific country. We dont try to price to recover in the translation impact of currencies so thats part of when we talk about we gave guidance on a constant currency basis, the approximately 4% just on a constant currency basis. If currencies stay where they are today, then it would come up a bit because of that. As we said, the EPS impact of the spot today is about $0.07, so you would expect that to come down a bit on reported basis, but I would expect those currencies to move around a bit as we go through the year. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then I guess last question to Irene, Europe you talked about some margin improvement out of that market, it sounds like in some places, France, in particular is very important to you, but France is in some ways become more challenging in terms of their regulatory government approach to business. So some of the improvement that you are hoping for in that region, is that still feasible or is that kind of maybe being pushed out until the environment becomes a little more friendly for you to do so? 
Irene Rosenfeld: No. OpEx has always been a challenging environment in which to do business. And we adjust our timing typically accordingly as a result of that, but I am very pleased with the performance of our European team this past year and that they improved their margins about 60 bps and it was primarily driven by lower SG&A across the board. So thats the challenges in any individual country doesnt affect our overall confidence and the ability to continue to drive margins in that region. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you. See you next week. 
Irene Rosenfeld: Okay. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll from Citi Research. 
David Driscoll - Citi Research: Yes. Can you hear me? 
Dave Brearton: Yes. 
David Driscoll - Citi Research: Super. First one, just a little one and then a bigger picture question, can you quantify the Easter effect in 1Q, is that about  is that worth about a point? 
Dave Brearton: Yes, I would rather not quantify it, because truthfully, I think last time we had an Easter shift that shifted literally the entire Easter shipments this year three weeks, so maybe partial. So I think its going to depend frankly as we negotiate with each customer. So we have given you an aggregate of 2% to 3% and a number of factors below that, but Id rather back in them specific from Easter. 
David Driscoll - Citi Research: Okay. On gross margins, is it fair to say that the gross profit margin was strong or stronger in North America and Europe and hit pretty hard in the emerging market regions, would that explain the weak fourth quarter gross margin? 
Dave Brearton: Yes, directionally that would be right. The biggest hits we got on the gross margin line were from currency, which as I said we dont have coverage on currency in a lot of the emerging markets, whereas we can cover that pretty easily for Europe and North America. And so that demonstrates quickly, we are putting the pricing in place across the globe today, but in the back half of the year, there was a lag as we have the hit on the currency and we didnt get pricing to resume Q1. So yes, the gross margin was more in the emerging markets less in the developed markets. 
David Driscoll - Citi Research: Any way to quantify that number? 
Dave Brearton: I think as you look at the some of the OI bridges, you can see by reason where the margin declines were, but gross margin was a decent component of that. 
David Driscoll - Citi Research: Alright. Related to this then, so you are taking pricing in these emerging markets that its kind of FX based pricing, not really the underlying commodities, how is it being received, whats the volume sensitivity here and frankly is this kind of the key risk to choose one and two in 14? 
Dave Brearton: Yes, I think its correct, it is resolving the underlying costs trends. The issue on the currency is not the translation, which I would agree would be more (indiscernible) to U.S. companies, but if India buys cocoa, they are buying at British pounds and so the Indian rupee at the values they have got to pay more and pay us to get their cocoa. So if the local cost increase, all the competitors face the same thing. So we are not going to be able to step with the industry. The reaction we talked about and the sensitivity in emerging markets is likely to be more from consumers and it just takes a while to get the price back on a potential way to make sure that in every channel, there is a right path and the right size and right price point for every consumer and get that all the way through the system, it pays consumers a little bit, get used to that. And typically its a quarter in emerging markets. So thats really what we talked about in the first quarter has been one of the headwinds, but I would say that  I would consider that normal when you take these kind of price increases. 
David Driscoll - Citi Research: If I could sneak one final question in, Irene, just can you comment on the coffee operations, frankly its always sought that this was a scale provider in Europe and perhaps even in Russia, would you agree with that and is there any desire or sensitivity on your part that this would be an operation that you would consider selling? 
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I am not going to comment on any hypothetical stuff David. I think the reality is that it does provide an important scale role as you say in Europe and Eastern Europe and it has been historically it's gone contributor to our profitability in our cash flow. This cash year has been quite the anomaly given the tremendous volatility that we have seen in pricing and as we have mentioned it's been a disproportionate as having a disproportionate impact on the top line. We have been able to protect margin. So net-net it is a volatile category it has performed reasonably well and well in line with our portfolio over the last couple of years, but 2013 was a rather unique year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of (indiscernible) with Goldman Sachs. 
Unidentified Analyst: So first real quick housekeeping question, I apologize if I missed this already. The SG&A drop in the quarter was much bigger than we expected. Can you help us decompose how much of that was advertising related versus we had sort of overhead efficiency. 
Dave Brearton: I dont want to get into breaking that every time I would say in the quarter the biggest contributor to the margin gains we found North America and Europe were overheads and I think a lot of the other stuff thats in that line there is other income expense which has an asset sales. Last year we had some as well but they were in a different quarter and this year it's headed fourth quarter. So there is a lot of numbers in there I think the takeaway you should have is were continuing to sort of support our business on the A&C side and the real underlying margin growth in North America and Europe is driven by overhead cost management particularly as we run through the back half of the year. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. But dont necessarily take this 23% of sales to the bank on a go forward? 
Dave Brearton: I dont want to get down in that level of detail but I think there is lot of things in that line so I wouldnt try to worry trying to quantify number there. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and I want to comeback real quick to one of the categories you highlighted as weak but a little bit less weak that being gum. Hersheys that this ongoing campaign to try to crowd out the or shrink the gum sets at retailers, get more candy, get more breath fresheners. It seems like that push is about to accelerate on the back of this new product technology that is (indiscernible) I think it's Ice Breakers Ice Cubes product. What are you expecting or I should say where do we stand right now in terms of shelf resets and what are you expecting to happen to market most importantly, what are you certainly assuming in your underlying outlook here for gum in North America? 
Irene Rosenfeld: Well as we said were not expecting any dramatic recovery in the category anytime soon. Obviously our emerging markets businesses continues to grow nicely. It's been the developed markets that have been a challenge and within that the U.S. We have made great progress from a shared standpoint and it's been driven by the steps that we took to address that, it's been about our shelf resets, our focus on some of the core benefits like freshness and oral care. It's been execution at point of buying and as well as the product assortment on shelf. So were going to continue to use that play book we have got a nice pipeline of innovations coming behind some of the focus on freshness for example and we have got a number of test in place to address the long term growth of the category that were hoping will start to improve. So we remain quite committed to the gum category, we do see our competitors taking a number of actions and we actually think that will be good for the category overtime. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger from Morgan Stanley. 
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: I wanted to just follow-up on your candy business specifically and maybe this is just a surrounding issue but my recollection was that the business through the nine months was grown closer to mid-single digits and today you cited more of the low single digit figure for your own sales despite the category being up 4.5%. Can you talk about any specific challenges youre facing in that business and initiatives you might be investing behind next year to address them? 
Irene Rosenfeld: We continue to see that as a nice growth engine for us. There have been some puts and takes on that business for example our Halls U.S. business has been a little weaker year-over-year because of the flu season up until the end of last year was not quite as robust as it has been a year ago. We have seen some challenges in China on our chocolate Eclairs business but net-net candy continues to be a quite an attractive category and we do expect that that will play an important role in our growth algorithm going forward. 
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Would you expect to be able to grow in-line with the category next year or is there a period of investing?
Irene Rosenfeld: There is nothing. We have got a nice pipeline of innovation and we would expect to grow in line with the category in 2014. 
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks. And then just one additional question on Europe, it seems like you have good momentum behind the Tassimo business, you have also been launching the compatibles and other things. Given that expectation for some pretty substantial margin expansion next year and they need to be very focused in where you are investing, is that a business where you would expect to continue increasing support next year? 
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. Well, within our European portfolio, the on-demand and convenient coffee has reflected in Millicano have been the key drivers not only of our revenue growth, but also of our margin improvement. So those are critical enablers in our European and our Eastern European businesses. So we will continue to invest behind them. 
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks Irene. 
Irene Rosenfeld: Okay. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi, thank you. Two questions. One is in fourth quarter, I thought I saw in the notes that there was $0.03 gain on sale this quarter from asset sales in India, UK, Italy, just very quickly is that last year or is that this year? 
Dave Brearton: Thats this year. Last year, we had a very similar number, but it was in prior quarters and it was in Russia and Turkey last quarter. I think the simple way to think about is when we bought Cadbury in a little we have got a lot more facilities underneath them and we are just claiming that up, because it reduces our cost of maintaining these over time. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: How much operating income did that contribute in fourth quarter? 
Dave Brearton: I mean every $0.01 for us is about $25 million of OI, so 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. So put a regular tax rate on it. So well that set up the tough comparison for next year, because you are leaving it in your adjusted base here for operating income gains, isnt it? 
Dave Brearton: Yes, its in the adjusted base as I said. We are still doing cleanup. I mean, I am not going to make a guidance number that will give every quarter, but I dont view it as a material headwind for us, no. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then the final question is of that $0.15 to $0.20, how much would you characterize as really good visibility like we know how much overhead we are cutting, we know that our marketing dollars are going to, if it sounds like the code here is that marketing dollars are going to be maybe flat, maybe even down in 2014? 
Dave Brearton: No, I think as you look at the $0.15 to $0.20, its going to be the combination of a few things. Number one, we are growing revenue around 4%, so thats the good start. We are fully pricing commodities in Forex and so while thats not necessarily margin a increment, it gives us the opportunity to take more of that productivity to the bottom line. So we would expect gross margins to improve and we have got good momentum on the overhead programs that we started during the year  this year. We expect to see that continue into next year and thats going to be a big driver. So the drivers of the $0.15 to $0.20 in operating gains are the double-digit OI growth. As we have talked about  in our view pretty much within our control and thats why we are fairly confident. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: So I completely understand, the 4% organic income  organic sales growth includes pricing to cover transactional currency, is that right or it does not? 
Dave Brearton: Yes, it does. So I think that past year, all our revenue growth came from pretty much all of it came from volume mix. I think it will be more balanced in 2014, because we are putting in pretty material pricing in emerging markets and in the Chocolate Dairy categories to be covered by commodity. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: But its the only purpose of that pricing is to offset the higher costs, isnt that; yes you say neutral to operating income growth? 
Dave Brearton: It would be neutral to operating income growth other than make sure that our gross margin is protected, so the net productivity can drop or significantly more of the net productivity can drop through. So its more a question of yes, there will be some portion that is volume mix and that will drop through the OI, but probably more important than that, it gets us more of the net productivity dropping through when the gross margin bounces. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you David. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Good evening everyone. 
Irene Rosenfeld: Good evening. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Can we ask first of all about China, where quarter on now are you done with the trade inventory rationalization? Do you have any better visibility into when that business might start to stabilize? 
Dave Brearton: Yes. I think the simple answer is yes, we are done with the inventory destocking that all came out  the end of that came out in the fourth quarter. And as we look at first, the start to the year, we would say the businesses are pretty stable putting already, but we are feeling good about the business already. What we warned about was more about how the comparisons look versus prior year. Last year, we had very strong growth rate in the first half. Its only possible, more difficult than the first half. And obviously we didnt have a terrific back half so we are costing in a much easier in the back half. But in absolute dollar shipments and time is going out the door, I think we are already in a pretty good run-rate month over month. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: And then coming back to free cash flow guidance it looks as though I think you were talking about 1.4 billion at least in 2014 when you did the math on the numbers that you shared earlier. Why this slowdown? Is it just that youre taking off the improvements in the cash conversion cycle this year and saying the underlying numbers are about that level? 
Dave Brearton: The cash provided by operating activities which is a combination of our earnings and the cash conversion cycle essentially is the same and we said 4.1 plus because hopefully we will do better than that. So were not taking our foot off the gas on the cash conversion cycle, the reason it slows down at the bottom is because the CapEx we started spending about 4% of CapEx we said we were probably going to spend around five for the next 2, 3, 4 years and in 2013 were kind of half way between we got up to 4.5%. We will probably spend 5% of CapEx in 2014. So thats the biggest reason you see the slowdown the other piece is the restructuring spending which is basically is more skewed to 2014 less skewed to 2013 so there is a bit of phase in there. But in aggregate across the two years were actually spending a little bit less CapEx and were spending the same amount of restructuring. So thats phase in place. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Bumgarner from Wells Fargo. 
John Bumgarner - Wells Fargo: I read your data, as you look at the landscape in China, we have seen some recent news in terms of Hersheys doing a deal, why we aint be involved with JVs. Is there anything in the country either with the change in leadership or otherwise or maybe you think the environment for opportunities strategically is changing or that you can have opportunities as well for kind of build more distribution in that market going forward? 
Irene Rosenfeld: We do see a great opportunity there John and were continuing to invest. As we have talked about, we have got over a $1 billion business there to-date. We just watched gum about a year ago with a sizeable $100 million business for us and overtime you will see us continued to invest in the country. So I think the mechanism by which we choose to invest may vary from category to category and from company to company but it is a big growth opportunity for us and as we see the biscuit category we cover were quite confident that China will continue to be a growth engine for us. 
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of (indiscernible). 
Unidentified Analyst: Are you concerned that the inflation that some Latin American countries are experiencing is that ultimately consumers willingness to spend on the product that you sell and therefore limits your presence on this country? 
Dave Brearton: Yeah I think thats basically an Argentina, Venezuela thing and I think truthfully even last year as I talked about earlier the growth in those two countries that we got was basically for pricing and part of through vol mix. So yes consumers are trading down to lower priced brand and their having to monitor their cash carefully. So Argentina and Venezuela have been continued to be difficult markets. I think it's truthfully not a lot different today than it was a year two ago in Venezuela. Argentina may have gotten a little bit worse but were pretty experienced with the (indiscernible) those markets. 
Unidentified Analyst: You really have not gone through that your pricing power might diminish eventually? 
Dave Brearton: I think it's not as much of a consumers, but consumers and most companies are pretty used to having do business in these countries but maybe regulatory issues. Last Argentina put in price controls for a while and that hurt us a bit but then there was none afterwards. So are the kinds of things that tend to cause a little more short term issue but it tends to be temporary. It's just the way those countries operate. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and then just an housekeeping question, can you share with us what you expect for interest expense and shares outstanding for our fiscal 14? 
Dave Brearton: Yeah Im not going to give you a shares outstanding although you probably calculate it, we had $2.7 billion buyback last year and we said we will spend between 1 billion and 2 billion this year. I think our interest expense we said that between the interest in shares we would have $0.11 to $0.13 benefit and the benefit is roughly half and half between interest and shares. So interest will be lower mostly because we did, got a little bit less back and we did the debt (indiscernible) and refinancing last year which took down the cost of our long term debt. So that will come down. I think on slide 17 in the presentation, Im sure we earlier, it identifies that. 
Operator: I will turn the call back over for closing remarks. 
Dexter Congbalay: Hi this is Dexter; if there is any follow-up questions obviously Nick and I will be available for the rest of the evening in fact for the rest of the week. Other than that thank you for joining us and we will see you at CAGNY. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO David Brearton - CFO Dexter Congbalay - VP, Investor Relations
Analysts: Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus & Co. Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Ken Goldman - JPMorgan David Driscoll - Citigroup Research
Operator: Good day and welcome to Mondelez Internationals Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Todays call is scheduled to last about one hour including remarks by Mondelez management and the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Id now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dexter Congbalay, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez International. Please go ahead, sir.
Dexter Congbalay: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and Dave Brearton, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release. This release and today's slides are available on our website mondelezinternational.com. As you know, we will make forward-looking statements about the Company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of todays prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Dexter. Its easy to forget, but we just marked our one-year anniversary on October 1st. Weve accomplished a lot this past year and have taken a number of actions to sharpen our focus and straighten our capabilities. In the phase of challenging economic conditions, we delivered solid results. Strong volume mix, in fact the strongest in our industry. Accelerating growth in emerging markets in line with our double-digit target, strong market share performance in four of our five regions and double-digit adjusted EPS growth at constant currency. We are also taking some major steps to improve margins. Cash flow and return on invested capital. As we detailed a couple of months ago, weve identified significant supply chain savings. Together with reducing overhead, these savings underpin our margin improvement targets, including gains of 500 basis points in North America and 250 points in Europe by 2016. Weve also authorized a $6 billion share repurchase program, and increased our quarterly dividend. In fact so far this year, weve returned nearly $1.5 billion to our shareholders. At the same time, weve had some challenges. Our revenue growth was solid, but it was below expectations. This is due in part to factors outside our control, like the precipitous slide in coffee prices and the slowdown in global categories. But other challenges rest squarely on our own shoulders. As you know weve some speed bumps in Brazil and Russia last year, just as we came out of the spin. But in the matter of months we identified the route causes and implemented effective solutions. Both Brazil and Russia have rebounded well and are now growing in the mid to high teens. However, as you read in our earnings release, like many of our peers, were now facing some headwinds in China. In a global enterprise, there will certainly be challenges from time-to-time. But our job and our promise to shareholders, is to manage those challenges and deliver our commitments. This needs to be a combination of more quickly adjusting expectations to marketplace realities, improving early warning systems to stay ahead of potential issues and having the right leaders and capabilities in place. Weve addressed each of these issues. So as we look ahead, we really in optimistic about the power and the potential of our unique assets to deliver significant value to our shareholders. With that perspective, lets look at our third quarter and year-to-date results. In Q3, organic revenue growth increased 5.3%. Thats up sequentially from 3.8% at each of the first two quarters. Volume mix was very strong, driving all of the revenue growth in the quarter and the vast majority of our growth year-to-date. The strength was also broad based with volume mix of in all regions. The contribution from pricing year-to-date has been modest largely due to the impact of lower coffee prices. Growth in emerging markets continue to improve sequentially from 9.4% in Q1 to 9.7% in Q2 and 10.7% in Q3. The BRIC markets had been the key drivers of this increase, up double-digits in the third quarter. Brazil, Russia and India each grew mid to high teens more than offsetting the weak results in China, which I will talk about in a moment. Developed markets also improved sequentially, up 1.8% in Q3 versus performance that was essentially flat in the first half. There is no question that 5.3% revenue growth driven entirely by volume mix is strong, especially in a difficult operating environment. And weve good underlying momentum in four of our five regions, but we missed our expectations. 5.3% is below the 6% rate weve forecasted. And Im extremely disappointed about that. Lower coffee pricing and weak results in China, draw the shortfall. Weve been talking about the pass through impact of lower coffee prices on our revenue growth for more than a year now. We expected the coffee pricing would be a headwind in the first half and then would stabilize, but instead coffee has continued to fall and its now trading below $1.5. As a result, coffee was a 50 basis point drag to our growth in Q3. And with green coffee prices at this level, we expect coffee will be a similar drag in Q4 and at least for the first half of next year. Remember though in price to protect gross profit dollars, so the pass through of lower green coffee prices on our top line doesnt impact our bottom line, but it certainly affects our headline numbers. The more significant issue this quarter was in our $1 billion China business. Its no secret that Chinas GDP growth has slowed from north of 9% in 2011 to about 7.5% this year. The macro slowdown is affecting consumption across most consumer goods. And our biscuit category is no exception, dropping from 18% growth in 2012 to 3% in Q1. As we observed the short slowdown, we invested to stimulate category growth. We increased marketing and sales support behind Oreo and Chips Ahoy! We launched golden Oreo which has been highly successful in other markets. And from a share standpoint, these investments worked which shares up for both Oreo and Chips Ahoy! And the launch of golden Oreo was also successful with product placement in over 500,000 outlets in just six weeks. So what happened? Well, our incremental investments did not stimulate sustainable category growth. After an initial increase in Q2, the biscuit category was up only 2% in Q3. Second, as we shifted spending to our power brands, our second tier brands lost more share than expected. And our trade stock targets were appropriate for double-digit growth and became excessive when the categories slowed. We've taken a number of actions to address the situation. We're reducing and closely monitoring trade stocks while shoring up our analytical capabilities to get more and better data in real time. This will allow our newly appointed leadership to quickly address changes in the marketplace. Looking ahead with an extensive multi-geared network of nearly 1,000 distributors, it will take some time to recalibrate trading inventories and regain biscuit momentum. So we expect biscuit revenue in China to remain soft in Q4 while progressively improving next year.  Despite these near-term headwinds, we remain optimistic about the future of China. From 2009 to 2012 organic revenue grew 25% annually. The economy and the biscuit category will recover and our gum business continues to grow nicely in a very robust category. Outside of China, we're also experiencing a slowdown in most of our global categories. We're still growing well in excess of other food categories but realistically it will affect our near to mid-term growth aspirations. In aggregate, our categories last year grew approximately 6%. In fact that was the basis for our forecast last September. So far this year, however, growth has slowed to under 4%. We've offset the category slowdown somewhat with strong share performance especially behind our power brands. In aggregate we're gaining or holding share in nearly two-thirds of our revenue. Year-to-date, biscuits were up 7.5%. In emerging markets, revenue increased 11%, despite China's weak performance. In developed markets, revenue rose 6% led by strong growth in both North America and Europe. Their performance was terrific with more than 75% of revenue in key markets gaining or holding share. Our power brands grew nearly 12% led by Oreo, belVita, Tuc, Club Social, Barni and Chips Ahoy!. Turning to chocolate, year-to-date revenue was up more than 6%. In emerging markets, chocolate was up 14% with strong growth across all geographies. In developed markets, chocolate revenue rose 2% led by mid single digit growth in Europe; power brands little over 10% with Cadbury Dairy Milk, Lacta and Milka each up double digits. Our share of performance through September was only about 45% with strength in emerging markets offset by share losses in some larger developed countries like the U.K. We're encouraged to see that recent U.K. share performance has recovered. It's now flat for the year through the latest tracking period ending in early October. Turning to gum and candy, global revenue declined about 1% but we're beginning to see some signs of improvement as revenues rose modestly in Q3. That's the first increase we've seen in quite some time. Candy was up 4% through September driven by Halls. Gum in emerging markets was up 6% including strength in China and most of Africa. While gum in developed markets was down 16% year-to-date, the rate of decline slowed in Q3. Global gum share was strong with about two-thirds of our revenue gaining or holding share. Clearly we're gaining traction in those markets where we've implemented our four-step playbook to fix gum. And as we discussed last quarter, we expect those share improvements will be a precursor to revenue gains as we implement our playbook in other markets and as customers reset their shelves. Finally, in beverages and cheese and grocery, revenue grew about 1% with power brands up nearly 4%. As expected, coffee was down 3% as we pass through significantly lower green costs. Vol mix, however, continues to be strong contributing 8 points year-to-date. Our convenience coffee platforms continued to drive positive mix with Tassimo up nearly 40% year-to-date and Millicano sales doubling. After only about one year in the market, Millicano is nearly a $100 million business. Coffee share performance has also been strong with about 70% of revenue in key markets gaining or holding share. So even in this more challenging environment, we've been able to deliver strong growth and share performance in most of our categories. We're clearly not immune to the stronger headwinds that will temper our growth for the balance of the year and into 2014, but we remain confident in our ability to weather the slowdown and deliver top tier performance over the long term. Now let me turn it over to Dave.
David Brearton: Thanks, Irene. As Irene detailed earlier, weak China performance tempered our Q3 results. For Asia-Pacific region overall organic revenue growth was flat in the quarter with vol/mix gains essentially offset by lower pricing in the developed part of the region. While revenue was up 3% year-to-date, we expect Q4 to be down low single digits due largely to issues in China. The region's emerging markets were up mid to high single digits year-to-date tempered more recently by slower China growth. In contrast, India was up mid teens with new capacity now on stream, our chocolate business grew more than 20% in Q3 in line with continued robust category growth. Additionally, the region's power brands grew 11%. With the notable exception of Asia-Pacific, however, our four other geographies delivered solid results in the quarter. In Latin America, organic revenue was up about 17% in the quarter and 13% year-to-date. Despite a persistently weak economy, softening category trends and consumption declines, our business in Brazil has grown mid teens year-to-date. Incremental investments in A&C have delivered attractive returns driving strong vol/mix and high teens growth in the rapidly growing North East region. Share performance in Brazil remains solid with particular strength in chocolate. Outside Brazil, pricing in the inflationary economies of Venezuela and Argentina drove most of the growth. Our teams there have done a good job of responding to the challenging economic conditions, but we have a cautious outlook for these markets due to the volatility. Importantly, share performance in Latin America was strong with more than 70% of our revenues gaining or holding share. Finally, the region's power brands increased 15% led by Lacta, Club Social, Oreo, Halls and belVita. Turning to EEMEA, organic revenue grew 13% in the quarter and nearly 10% year-to-date. Strong vol/mix gains of 16 percentage points in the quarter and 12 points through September drove the region's growth, while coffee and chocolate pricing in Russia accounted for the bulk of the pricing decline. Once again, Russia's performance was exceptional, up nearly 20% in the quarter due to very strong vol/mix growth as well as a favorable year-ago comparison. Other markets including Ukraine, the GCC countries, South Africa and West Africa also posted strong growth in the quarter. Year-to-date share performance across the region was solid with more than 60% of revenues gaining or holding share. Overall, the region's power brands were up 14%. Looking to Europe, revenues increased nearly 2% in the quarter and 0.7% year-to-date, despite the continued economic challenges in the regions. In Q3, vol/mix was a gain up sharply contributing 4.7 percentage points to growth. As we mentioned earlier, coffee pricing remains a significant drag on the top line. Lower coffee revenue reduced Europe's overall growth by 1.4 percentage points in the third quarter and 1.7 points year-to-date. Looking at performance by category, chocolate revenue was up mid to single digits year-to-date driven almost entirely by vol/mix. Milka and Cadbury Daily Milk each delivered strong growth, while innovations like Marvellous Creations also made a meaningful contribution. Biscuits were up mid single digits with most coming from vol/mix. Oreo, belVita and our Choco-Bakery platform drove much of that growth. Coffee declined mid-single digits due to lower pricing more than offsetting solid vol/mix, but our convenient coffee platforms continue to grow strongly. Gum and candy revenues were down mid-to-high single digits mostly due to gum. Q2, were beginning to see some improvement in share performance as we implement our new Playbook. Overall the recent power brands were up 4% year-to-date. In North America, organic revenue increased 2.4% at the same rate as the first half. U.S. biscuits continue to perform well with revenues up at least 5% for the ninth consecutive quarter. Most of this growth was due to vol/mix, behind strong execution by our direct store delivery sales force. Oreo was up double digits in the quarter and year-to-date on the strength of base SKUs as well as innovation such as Birthday Cake and Mega Stuff. U.S. biscuits continued to gain market share as well up a 100 basis points in Q3, and 110 points year-to-date. Candy once again delivered solid growth behind Halls. As Irene mentioned, U.S. gum share rose for the second consecutive quarter with especially strong share gains in convenient stores. Gum revenue though declined as anticipated as our customers continue to reset the shelf assortments to reflect faster moving [indiscernible]. Were also lapping a high quarter through a year-ago in preparation for the spin-offs. We expect revenue trends to improve beginning in Q4. Turning to profits, adjust gross margin declined 50 basis points in the quarter and was down modestly year-to-date. In the third quarter, higher commodity cost more than offset benefits from strong vol/mix and net productivity. In fact, net productivity accelerated to more than 3% of cost of goods sold in the quarter, about double the rate of the first half. However the lag in implementing pricing to recover higher commodity costs and currency impacts offset the benefit from strong net productivity. Going forward, pricing actions are expected to fully offset commodity and currency movements allowing net productivity benefits to flow through to margin. Adjusted operating income margin in the third quarter was 12.2% consistent with our guidance of sequential improvement each quarter. As expected margin declined year-over-year, thats because last years Q3 margin was unusually high due to the Spin-off of Kraft Foods Group and some prior-year one time items. Year-to-date adjusted OI margin was 11.3% down 140 basis points versus the prior-year reflecting various factors including about 30 basis points from the valuation of Venezuelan currency about 50 points from cycling of prior-year one time items, and about 50 points from incremental investments in emerging markets. We continue to expect adjusted OI margin will be about 13% in Q4 and about 12% for the full-year in line with our previous communications. The sequential improvement in margin reflects a greater contribution from net productivity and continued focus on overheads. In fact overhead costs as a percentage of net revenue were down more than 50 basis points from the third quarter led by significant overhead reductions in Europe. As we said before we expect to see greater overhead leverage in the fourth quarter since absolute revenues typically 10% to 15% higher than in other quarters. Turning now to earnings per share; adjusted EPS for the third quarter was $0.41 including a negative $0.01 in tax from currency. On a constant currency basis, adjusted EPS was up 16.7% driven by lower taxes. For the first nine months adjusted EPS was $1.12 including a negative $0.07 impact from currency. On a constant currency basis adjusted EPS increased 15.5% again driven by lower taxes. Incremental investments in emerging markets were a key driver the $0.03 decline in operating earnings. Lastly our cash flow continues to be on track. Comparisons are difficult because the year ago period is pre-spin and included North American growth rate, but the cash conversion cycle outside North America has improved more than 10 days this year versus the same period a year ago. Our year-to-date cash flow is in line with prior experience and our expectations for the full-year. Turning to guidance, we are lowering our 2013 revenue guidance to approximately 4% down from the low end of 5% to 7%. That means our growth in Q4 will be only about 3%. This is much lower than we were expecting, but it again reflects the impact of lower coffee prices, slower global category growth and a Q4 revenue decline in Asia Pacific largely due to China. Taken together these factors will temper growth by 2 to 3 percentage points in Q4. Importantly we expect the solid underlying momentum in our other four regions to continue. And as I mentioned the slight to slower revenue through a combination of increased net productivity and overhead management we still expect to hit our adjusted OI margin of approximately 12% for the full-year. In addition, we are raising our 2013 EPS target range by $0.02 to $1.57 to $1.62 to reflect the flow through of some tax favorability. This range is based on guidance currency rates. Looking ahead, our long-term goals remain the same, including 5% to 7% organic revenue growth, operating margin of 14% to 16%, double digit EPS growth and strong cash flow to invest in our future and return capital to shareholders. That said, when we laid our long-term revenue growth target over a year ago, our categories were growing about 6%. As weve discussed our categories have slowed this year to below 4%. Well we believe that the industry wide slowdown is temporary we dont expect categories to accelerate in the near term. Although we won't provide definitive 2014 guidance until February we wanted to let you know how we currently see next year playing out. We expect the slower category growth and lower coffee pricing will continue to pressure our top line. As a result we believe our revenue growth next year will be more in the 4% to 5% range. Nonetheless, we expect to leverage our advantage brands to continue to drive strong share performance. And even in the phase of slower growth environment we believe we have the financial and operating leverage to deliver strong adjusted OI growth and margin expansion while the benefits from our share repurchase program should help mitigate some of the tax headwinds on EPS. Were also exploring additional opportunities to accelerate cost reduction efforts both throughout our supply chain and in overheads. Of course while we take significant steps towards our long-term margin goals were continuing to prudently make foundational investments to strengthen our sales and route to market capabilities especially in emerging markets. In addition, well be flexible in how we deploy AMC investments is to balance affordability, opportunity and ensure attractive returns. As a result we expect to not only weather this slower growth environment, but also be well positioned when these markets accelerate once again. So to wrap up, through the first nine months this year we delivered solid results including strong vol/mix gains, 10% growth in emerging markets and increased market shares. At the same time we continue to face headwinds from slower global category growth, lower coffee pricing and weak China sales causing us to reduce our full-year 2013 revenue outlook. Although these factors will continue to pressure top line in 2014, we believe we have the plans and place to deliver strong operating income growth and make significant progress towards our long-term margin goals. Now wed be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good afternoon everybody.
Irene Rosenfeld: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just two questions, one to Dave; just looking at how youve preliminarily laid out 2014, I think previously you had talked about a margin goal for 2014 at being high 12s and assuming that also was with a higher organic revenue growth. So, should we still be thinking about that high 12s margin for next year or is that still, is that somewhat in [ph] flux?
David Brearton: Well, were not officially giving 2014 guidance. But as I said a minute ago, I think were pretty confident that we have the productivity and overhead programs in place that we should be able to stick to the margin guidance we gave before.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just second question. Irene, you spent some time talking to investors over the last couple of months and there have certainly been a lot of discussion, debate about I guess the balance between spending in emerging markets, what the right growth rates are, pacing of cost savings. So could you just talk a bit about your experience with that? And albeit your lowering organic growth for next year, just sort of how you feel about those investments and the opportunities and if anything has changed in your mind in terms of what the opportunities are?
Irene Rosenfeld: I think the meetings that we had with our investors were very productive and they gave us a lot of insight in terms of how they're thinking about their business and it gave us an opportunity to talk about how we see the business. If I step back, I think there were about maybe five takeaways. I think first and foremost, there was universal agreements among all of our investors that we have created a very advantaged portfolio that's got an incredible collection of grants in very fast growing categories with the nice emerging markets footprint. I think that was a fairly universal sentiment. There is no question, I'd say second, all investors believe that we have significant margin upside as we do and we've laid out very aggressive plans as you have seen particularly in our developed markets in North America. As you know we set a goal of 500 basis point improvement over the next three years which should get us to peer averages and similarly in Europe we set a goal of about 250 basis points improvement and that also will bring us actually to the high end of our peers in Europe. We did at the same time go  many investors tell us that they want to make sure that we continue to invest in emerging markets. They all see the same opportunities there that we do and the question really is just to make sure we are continuing to make those foundational investments but we're doing it prudently and at the appropriate pace relative to market conditions to make sure that we are getting a good return. I think the third point that you referenced is that a number of investors told us that they thought that our top line targets might be too aggressive especially in the current environment as we have seen our categories slowing. And we agree that when we set the targets back in September it was predicated on our categories growing about 6%. And so we set a top line target of 5% to 7%. That was a reasonable expectation. The reality is as we have shown you, those categories have slowed from 6% last year to 5% in the first half and now to less than 4% and so we clearly have to accommodate that and thinking about what our targets are and I believe we have done that as we've given you the outlook as we think about 2014. Fourth, I think there is certainly some frustration about our ability to deliver expectations. And I'll say again, we got operations in nearly 80 countries including some very volatile emerging markets. We're clearly going to have challenges from time to time and we're not going to always deliver things in a straight line. But as we did Brazil and Russia and now with China, we will get on it, we'll fix it and we'll make it better. The key though is to make sure that we have the right targets out there so that we're able to make the appropriate tradeoffs. And without a doubt I think all investors recognize that our fundamental business is really quite healthy and I think you see that again today in the results that we've reported. And finally I'd say we got very universal support and gratitude for our $6 billion share repurchase program. That was quite well received. So I think it was a very productive set of meetings. I think we learned a lot and I think it was a good opportunity for us to continue to talk about how we see the future and why we are as confident about where things are going as we are.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for the insights, Irene.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Good afternoon.
Irene Rosenfeld: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Irene, you talked a little bit about the need to improve upon some of the early warning capabilities that you have in some of these more volatile emerging markets. I know that last year following kind of the issues you saw in Brazil and Russia, I think that you talked about some of this back then, just remember that wasn't seen as early as maybe you would have liked. So I guess I was hopeful that we wouldn't see something come a little bit out of a blue in a big emerging market again. China, it seems like was not something that at least you were talking about or more recently whether it be on the second quarter call or in presentations you've done since then. So I'm trying to get a sense. Did I also kind of come out of a blue where you didn't have enough early warning and it's not why following Brazil and Russia, why weren't there better, I guess, controls from that perspective on China?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, let me answer that question in two parts, Andrew. Without a doubt as I've mentioned, we've taken a number of steps as we continue to evolve our thinking and our learning with the portfolio as it now exists. We went from a company that was almost entirely in developed markets to a one that has a very significant emerging market footprint. And as we've said, these markets have different characteristics than some of our more mature markets. In the case of China as we saw the biscuit category slowing, as I mentioned, we could see it was going from plus 18 last year to plus 3 in the first quarter and we took a number of steps to try to address the slowdown. And frankly in the second quarter, we actually saw some results. We saw second quarter the biscuit business was up 9.5% and for July frankly it was up about 4%. So we were feeling pretty good that we were able to offset that. We had very strong share performance in a number of our categories and so we really felt pretty comfortable that it could be offset. In the speed with which that plus 9.5 in Q2 became plus 2 in Q3 was really the issue that we're wrestling with. And again, the good news is we know it, we took actions, we saw it and took actions starting in August to start to pull back a little bit. But as I said in my remarks, when you have inventory plans to be at a double digit growth rate, to support double digit growth rate and it plummet down to plus 2, it just leaves us in a difficult situation. We've got over a 1,000 distributors in China and there's a fair amount of inventory in each level of this system and that's why it's just going to take us a little bit of time to clean it up. But net-net, we understood that the category has slowed. We thought we had some actions that would help to stem that and to offset that and they simply didn't work as well as we had thought. I mean more broadly as I've said before, we have a number of new processes in place. We've created dashboards for all of our key businesses that leverages our SAP instance and allows us to give our local leaders and us at headquarters the right data to be able to see the business in real time. So for example, we're now able to see dairy sales in China which is a critical piece in our ability to continue to monitor how things are doing. We have much better inventory visibility in our distribution networks. We are continuing to train our leaders. For some of them, this is the first time these categories have slowed down on their watch. And so they're learning how to plan a little bit more in a more disciplined way. They're now doing 12 month rolling forecast which allows us to have better visibility outage of the future. We're doing marketing ROI analyses much more frequently in China, for example, we used to look at marketing ROI once a year. In the United States and in Europe that's a fine idea before it doesn't change. In an exclusively growing market like China, it changes quite rapidly and so our ability to get that feedback quickly and make sure that we're getting good returns for our marketing investments is really essential to us. We are helping to develop capabilities and strategic pricing in so many of these emerging markets, coinage, price size architecture is the name of the name particularly as we go into these traditional trade outlets. And so we're doing a lot of work to make sure that our leaders have that capability and that our factories have that ability to make products that can deliver on those price points. And we've done a lot of work in a number of our markets on what we call perfect store, which is just making sure that the point of buying expectation is as good as the marketing programming. And for example in markets like Russia, we used to have what we call a strike rate which is how many times you get an order for your visit of about 30%. It's now us close to 80% and we've got much better compliance to make sure that the right items are in distribution. So we've taken a number of steps to improve the processes, the capabilities and in a couple of cases, we've made some leadership changes to make sure that we got the right managers in place. Clearly the leaders that took a business from 50 million to 500 million may not be the same leaders that take it from 500 million to 5 billion. And so slowly but surely we're making sure that we have in each of our team growth markets, we have the right leadership to accomplish that. So net-net weve taken a number of steps and thats why I feel increasingly more comfortable that, that we will be able to continue to monitor this and weve the early warning capabilities in place. But I said in China we took a number of actions to try to address that situation and they just didnt work the way weve had hoped.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Got it. Well, thank you for all that detail. Thats helpful. And just one quick one, in the global category slowdown that youve talked about from 6.3 to 3.8 year-to-date, just was there -- was the primary change in that volume or price or is it a mix of both?
David Brearton: Its a mix of both Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Okay.
David Brearton: And its fairly broad. It actually goes across all the regions. Its not just emerging markets, but obviously pricing when it relates to coffee and a number of the other commodities have been fairly stable, but the vol mix portion of it has also been slow.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: I just have a question for you, first of all on the China business. Youve had mentioned that, that was a factor in your -- obviously in this quarter was the reduction in your growth rate and revenue for that -- for the Asia Pacific region. It looks like its going to bounce right back though in Q4. And if heard you correctly Dave, you said it was going to -- it was actually going to be a drag on fourth quarter revenue for the Asia Pacific region. But in the slides it indicated it was going to be up nicely in the fourth quarter. So shall we put those two statements together if I could?
David Brearton: Yes, I think -- no, its not going to bounce back in Q4. In fact our Asia Pacific region will be down low single digits in Q4, mostly driven by China and it will be biscuits and mostly inventory. So we started taking inventory out of the system really in September when we saw what was coming through in the market and share data, thats kind of playing its way through and because there is up to four different levels of distributors to get through before you get to the consumer in some parts of China is going to take us through the end of the year to do that. So its a double-digit decline in China this quarter. Its going to be a double-digit decline again in quarter four and thats the biggest part of the reason why weve called our quarter four down.
Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.:
 :
David Brearton: Yes, I think the -- what weve done as we said, given that the global categories are growing slightly under 4% today. We felt it was prudent to give you an eye to how were kind of thinking about going forward next year. And the guidance weve given a 4% to 5% is assuming we will continue to drive for share growth similar to what weve done this year, we will drive for share growth everywhere. That will be one of two things. It will either drive upside versus the guidance weve given or if we have a disruption somewhere or an unexpected events in a place like Egypt or Venezuela, it will help drive an offset. So I think by giving you guidance thats more or less in line with the category growth as we see it today. I think it gives us room, so hopefully have upside, but at worst at least be able to offset the unexpected.
Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Okay. And then, do you have a recommended tax rate then for the year now, where you would expect the tax rate to come in?
David Brearton: Yes, I think its obviously very low year-to-date, about 5%. I think its in line pretty much with what weve said last time about 10% to 13%, may be a little bit lower, but in the kind of the 10% to 13% range. Quarter four, Id expect our cash rate to be in line with what weve said it will be over the next three to five years, its kind of 20% plus or minus a couple of points.
Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Okay.
David Brearton: I think were not expecting any big discrete events in quarter four.
Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Okay. That sounds great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Good evening, everyone.
David Brearton: Hi, Ken.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Just a thing about big picture question, do you think Mondelez should operate in all 80 countries or is there some non-core regions that might be worth loss to retrench from a reallocate your time and capital to other more core regions?
Irene Rosenfeld: No, I think weve done a pretty good job Ken of focusing on the countries that matter most and it starts with the BRIC countries and yes thats the biggest piece to date of our merge up, the 40% of revenue that comes from the emerging market. Weve begun to invest in what weve talked about is our next weight markets, which are primarily the Middle East and Africa. But beyond that were not planting flags in lots of different countries. I made the point simply to give you a sense that there is always going to be something happening, it is our job however to manage that reality and to ensure that the guidance that were giving to you -- that we can deliver the guidance were giving to you.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: My second question, you talk a lot about the North America and European market opportunities. Can you talk about the opportunity to restore Latin American margins, the mid teen levels? I know this year -- your sales growth has been good, your margins have come in, just is there what opportunities do you have to actually reestablish the Latin American margins back to more historical levels?
David Brearton: Yes, I think historical levels theyre relatively high last year because weve a number of one-time items last year, we had insurance proceeds, we have some asset sales. So the Latin American margins last year, were actually were unusually high. Having said that, Id say that year-to-date they havent been the greatest because as Ive talked on the call, on the gross margin line our gross margins were down. Part of that is its fairly common across the emerging markets, but as currencies have devalued, the cost of imported raw and packaging materials into those countries goes up and a lot of these markets is very difficult to hedge that. So it is the P&L almost immediately and there is a lag between that and when the pricing goes. So I think you will see the pricing come through, you will see the gross margins improve, not specifically in Latin America, I think it will be across all the emerging markets as we go forward into next year.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Great. And what interest expense should we use for the year? And thats my last question. Thank you.
David Brearton: I think the -- weve a coupon rate of about 6% right now, but the interest expense on the P&L was down around 5.3% in the quarter, which is probably as good a rate as any right now and the reason for the gap between the coupon and the 5.3% is because as weve been paying off debt weve put more of our debt into commercial paper and short-term obviously those cost less. So its about 5.3% in the quarter, thats probably a reasonable number for the year.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Hi. Good evening.
David Brearton: Good evening, Eric.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Quick one and I dont know if you said it, but your guidance on tax rate for 2014 
David Brearton: We havent given the guidance for 14.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: and that seems to be a big hurdle, right?
David Brearton: Its probably going to be a big hurdle. We havent given guidance for 14. What weve said in the past is that this year is unusually low from the next three to five years after this we would expect our tax rate to be 20% plus or minus a couple of points. And eventually over the very long-term it will probably go up to the 25% range. But I think for the next three to five years, its going to be 20 plus or minus couple of points. We havent given anything specific to 2014.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then second question, a lot of companies have been talking about India actually slowing down and you posted very good results there. Does some of your lower revenue guidance outlook assume that India slows just -- kind of aside from the China issue?
Irene Rosenfeld: No actually weve high hopes for India. In fact the challenge -- our challenge is that our growth in India has been constrained as you know because we were out of chocolate capacity. Were now putting that capacity on stream and we should continue to see growth in line with the categories which has been growing in the high double-digit rate. So our outlook on India, it remains quite bullish and I think weve the programs in place. We made some significant investments in relative market as well as capacity. Were just starting up a Greenfield. And were just -- we just broke ground on the Greenfield and so anyway our outlook is quite bullish.
David Brearton: The (indiscernible) and chocolate are still up well over 20%. So that chocolate is growing well, there are some other categories that for us is not -- are not nearly as important in India that are slowing down, but chocolate continues to be really robust.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then, I mean, if I could ask you just the last like a more philosophical longer term question. The emerging market investments I think on the slides that you gave over the summer, although I dont have them in front of me, because Im on the road, but in 14 you were going to lower those EM investments to 10 basis points from this year, which were 50 to 70. But it seems like -- in the kind of the race for market share out there and when you look at some of the very successful companies that have -- whether private or public, like Wrigley or a Coke or other names when EM markets have slowdown, thats kind of when those companies have put their pedal to the metal and thats when theyve really pushed. And so why wouldnt you -- even though youve got pressure from all kinds of sources these days, why wouldnt you take the opportunity as a slower EM to actually really invest heavily and try to gain share and so if the categories do come back, you're that much  you have that much more land underneath your feet.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. So we agree absolutely with your premise, Eric. As you know we accelerated some of our investments in emerging markets this year and we feel very good about the return that we've gotten particularly in markets like Brazil and Russia and India. So we will continue to do that. And because we had accelerated those investments, what we said was we didn't see the need to invest again next year incrementally, and so for that reason that's the 10 bps that you remember. So we just said we made the investments this year and in fact that's playing through in our margins and you'll see that we don't need to invest incrementally we don't believe next year while we play through and ensure that we get a good return on the sales capability and route to market investments that we made this year. We believe very strongly as you do that the opportunity to invest prudently in these markets is the time is now and we will continue to do that.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi. Thank you. When I visited your team out in China, again I guess I would echo what Andrew Lazar said is that the message again there was that yes, the category had slowed for biscuits but Mondelez expected to outgrow its category, maybe just at that point you just had to keep with the corporate line but it does raise the question about these early warning systems and how much your management team was communicating internally. That's more of a statement. But I was impressed by what I saw from the infrastructure in China and I thought that you were kind of thinking of launching chocolate in China because you had a very good hot zone distribution capability building up with gum and it seemed to be setting the stage. Does your experience this year slow that down in terms of the timing of when you might launch chocolate?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, as you might imagine, Rob, we're not going to be talking about any things that we haven't launched. We launched them. So currently there are many wide spaced opportunities and we will pick them one at a time as we feel that the organization is ready to handle them. And at this moment I feel that the act of making sure that we get the biscuit momentum back together to continue to fuel the momentum on gum which we just launched a year ago should be and is the main focus of our China team and that's what they're doing. But there will be continued wide spaced launches over time and as we do them, we'll tell you what we've done.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Can I ask a follow-up on gum in China? I imagine it was negative in the quarter. When do you expect gum to turn positive in China, Irene?
Irene Rosenfeld: Gum in China has been a phenomenal success. It's actually almost about a $100 million business in about a year. So we're feeling quite comfortable with the progress on gum in China. All that hot zone activity that you saw is a key driver of that success. The gum category in China is growing mid double digit rates and that is one of the reasons we launched there. And so we feel quite good about the performance there and frankly gum in all of our emerging markets continues to grow for the most part. The issue, as you know, has been in our developed markets and the good news is we're starting to see some good traction on share improvements as we've put our playbook in place.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: So despite the tough comp to Stride year-ago launch in third quarter, you were still up versus that tough comp a year ago?
Irene Rosenfeld: That's correct.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Hi. Good evening, everyone. In developed markets you've talked about supply chain, cost reduction opportunities on both the manufacturing side and also in terms of removing some of the SKU complexity from the business. And I understand what the hurdles are, the uncertainty around timing and addressing some of the less efficient manufacturing capacities, but if you wanted to more aggressively go after margin improvement in North America and in Europe, is there any opportunity to accelerate the portfolio simplification aspect of the plan?
David Brearton: Yes. The plan we've laid out so far is 500 basis points of margin improvement in North America and as you've talked about the supply chain is a key part of that. And we've started construction of the plants in Mexico. That's a key part of it. I think simplifying the portfolio is a key part of that. We've already accelerated by about a year the speed of which we'll get the 500 basis points. We'd originally said it would take us to 2017. We've now brought it back to 2016. The 500 basis points through is programs we have in our sites, we have milestones and action plans and accountabilities against that. We know how to do it. If there's ways to accelerate beyond that, we're continuing to look at those and obviously we'll pursue those. So what we've given is a 500 margin point objective is what we know we can achieve and it is based on some of the stuff we've talked to you earlier. We're clearly happy to accelerate. We've already launched it. If we could do it again, we would. If we can go further, we would. And we'll continue to look for those types of opportunities.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks, Dave. And Irene, I just wanted to get your thoughts on category growth dynamics for biscuits within the U.S. Obviously Mondelez has continued to do extremely well but I think we're starting to see the categories themselves flow a bit along with the rest of the center of store. Do you see sort of low single digit growth in those categories as the new normal for a while or have you observed anything in terms of the phasing of innovation or merchandizing across the competitive sets that you think is weighing on the category growth?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, that category growth actually is quite solid relative to many other categories in North America and in the U.S. and I've been very pleased with the share performance that our team has delivered and we see continued opportunity as we leverage the strength of our brands and we leverage the strong DSD selling organization that we have. We see continued opportunity to pick up share, so that's been a business that's growing. Our biscuit business in the U.S. has grown over 5% for almost  I think it was the ninth quarter that it's grown over 5% and we feel quite good about the outlook there. So the category has been kind of a [indiscernible] in the mid single digit range but we've been able to grow in excess of that as a result of our strong brands and our strong programming and our strong execution.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you again.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Good evening, everyone.
Irene Rosenfeld: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Can I ask another question on the margin trajectory not just in North America but you've obviously got some quite big goals in place for margin expansion over the next few years? As you think of the levers that are really going to get you from here to there, could you tell us a bit more about what the biggest ones are? Is it mostly cost saving? Are you looking at cost of goods sold or input cost moderating a bit from here? Is that positive mix from innovation worked in? Could you just give us some flavor of what's really going to  which are going to be the drivers that will really help you out there? Thank you.
David Brearton: I guess I'll start with on the commodity in Forex side, we're really only looking to price to recover commodity in Forex. We won't be looking to increase margins as part of our strategy to get there. If there's opportunities clearly we'll take those, but our assumption is we price to recover commodity in Forex so that's kind of a wash. It's really driven by a combination of mix, as you say, things like convenient coffee have higher margins, the power brands have higher margins so we'll continue to drive that and we can control that. Overheads have been the biggest source of our margin improvement over the last three years. We've driven about a 3 point margin improvement between 2009, 2012 that was entirely driven by overheads. And I think overheads just by virtue of how quickly you can undo those versus the supply chain programs will continue to be a key driver of our margin progress through 2014 and into '15. And on the third piece is the supply chain savings and that's the program Daniel Myers talked about at the Back-to-School Conference and we have a pretty comprehensive plan on what is our long-term vision and how do we stage ourselves towards that in both Europe and North America. That's the key part of getting there as well, and so I remind you the biggest gap between our margins and our peers' margins isn't gross margin, it is actually in overheads. Overheads is always an opportunity. We'll continue to drive overheads and particularly given our size, we think there's more opportunity there and we'll go after that. But the gap versus our peers is really in gross margin and that's what Daniel talked about in September. So it's everything you mentioned frankly with the exception of price and pricing is really just to cover commodities in Forex.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Hi. Can you hear me?
David Brearton: Yes, Ken.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Okay, great. Irene, Im hearing a theme today that the breadth and complexity of the business sometimes either makes it harder to turn a problem around or perhaps add some execution challenges at times -- our times. But I guess the reason for the split up was to minimize some of that complexity. So is it still a bit of a problem, at what point does it perhaps indicate youre considering making things even simpler, and Im thinking specifically whether you might more strongly consider divesting your coffee and grocery businesses now which in fact youre holding back your top line anyway at this point.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, look Im not going to comment on portfolio actions. Well, I want to clarify my comment about the fact that we are in 80 countries. It was simply to make a point that theres always things; theres different things going on. As I said though it's our job to manage that and particularly as emerging markets become and are a bigger pipe of our portfolio theyre volatile. They dont always deliver their results in a straight line. Egypt went from growing 29% in the second quarter to minus 3% in the third quarter. And so we just need to have a robust enough target to make sure that we can accommodate that. And again thats why we gave you our perspective as we look forward, because our categories continue to grow in excess of other food categories, but they are growing at a slower rate. So, this is not about complexity. It is about the fact that it's a robust step of countries and categories. As a result of the split as you point out, it's quite focused and we feel quite comfortable that we have the tools in place to be able to manage that complexity. But it is a different set of countries that are driving our performance today than used to be driving our performance as Kraft Foods and we need to accommodate that and thats what I have talked about.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: And then quickly in coffee, why does your EBITDA not benefit from lower costs. I mean, Smuckers does for example, maybe the answer is that Europe is different than the U.S. but I thought we might pass that to your customers less than a 100% of your deflation.
David Brearton: No, I think it's -- yes it is different than the U.S. and there is a different dynamic there. In most of Europe there are many competitors in every country all of which were to keep the market fairly disciplined. We dont tend to loose margin on the way up. We dont tend to gain margin on the way down. It does tend to be a pass through both directions. And our customers keep us on it and our competitors keep us on it, and thats just a dynamic in Europe. Ill admit, when I started in Europe 20 years ago it was different. It was actually very much like the U.S. market, but it's a fairly competitive market place. So it's doesnt, it's not a -- you dont get windfall profits up or down; you tend to pass it through and manage the margin at a fairly constant dollar level.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Research: Great, thank you. Good evening.
Irene Rosenfeld: Hi, David.
David Brearton: Hi, David.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Research: Two little tiny ones and then unfortunately a China question. The two little tiny ones, inflation in the quarter what was -- it's just gross inflation in the quarter and what do you expect it to be for the year, and then the same thing for productivity. I think you said productivity in the quarter was 3.5 points. What's the productivity on the year?
David Brearton: Yes, I think on the productivity we said it was about 3% net. It was actually about double that on a gross level. So it's certainly the highest we have done. We had said that on the year we would actually expect the average for the year to be in sort of the 2.3%, 2.5% range is kind of what we said in September, because the first half is only about 1.5%, so thats productivity. Inflation, obviously it varies dramatically from the 40%, 50% in places Venezuela through virtually none in Europe. But I guess on average it's probably in the 3% to 5%, but Ill be honest, I dont add that up in a very frequent basis.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Research: Okay, because it's a strange mix of commodity coffee in Europe and then the inflation of Hersheys in South America.
David Brearton: Yes, and it currently has a huge impact.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Research: All right. I appreciate the complexity there. On China, GDP growth in the second quarter and the third quarter had been relatively consistent for the country and I think 7.5% and 7.8%, gum is growing terrific mid double digits, I think it's what you said Irene. So none of these facts seem to help understand kind of why the China biscuit category slowed to just 2%. So really, if I just try to get it's a little bit more what the consumer insight as to why is there a Chinese gifting issue? Sometimes we hear about the quirks [ph] on gifting? And then maybe bigger picture really trying to pull insight as to why it slowed down. I got to believe that that's what's driving your comments being that the China business, the biscuit operations will continue to be slow into 2014, but I'd really just like to understand a little bit more as to the consumer insight?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, well, I mean the GDP facts are correct and that's why we really did expect it that we could see the recovery. It is a reality that we have seen the key gifting occasions underperform relative to the year-ago comps. So we saw a slow Chinese New Year, we saw a slow autumn festival and so there's no question that some of the government policies are impacting gifting in particular, and biscuits is a big gifting item as you've said. So there is no question that there is some impact that these government policies is having on our business. And our job here is to figure out, therefore, how do we overcome that? And we're taking a number of steps to improve our pricing in sizing, we're looking at opportunities to make sure that our impacted point of buying is where we need it to be. So there's a number of actions that we're taking that we believe can help to offset it and will get the momentum back. But in the short term the fact is we've got more inventory out there as a result of the fairly precipitous slowdown in our biscuit category and we just need some time to work that through and that will probably take us through the end of the year.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Research: I really appreciate the comments. Thank you.
Dexter Congbalay: All right. Thank you very much. We are out of time right now. Nick and I will be here to answer any questions later this evening and of course through the rest of the week. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-07 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Irene Rosenfeld  CHairman and CEO David Brearton - CFO Dexter Congbalay - VP, Investor Relations
Analysts: Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citigroup Research Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Jason English - Goldman Sachs Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Co. John Bumgarner - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Mondelez International Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Todays call is scheduled to last about one hour including remarks by Mondelez management and a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Id now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dexter Congbalay, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez International. Please go ahead, sir.
Dexter Congbalay: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and Dave Brearton, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release. This release and today's slides are available on our website mondelezinternational.com. As you know, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements about the Company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of todays prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial statements. You could find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks Dexter and good afternoon. Our second quarter and first half results played out essentially as we told you they would. Although our top line was below our long-term target, our underlying business fundamentals were solid. We exited the second quarter with strong volume mix and power brand games. Faster growth in emerging markets and increasing market shares around the world. This Positions us well to accelerate organic revenue growth and expand margins in the back half of the year and in 2014. Earlier today we also announced a substantial increase in our share repurchase program as well as an increase in our quarterly dividend, our first raise since 2008. These actions reflect our Boards confidence in our future, our balance sheet strength and our commitment to create value for our shareholders. Lets take a closer look at the key metrics behind our first half results. In both the second quarter and first half we delivered organic revenue growth of 3.8%. As I mentioned, as for lower long-term target, but consistent with our first half guidance. As expected, the impact of lower coffee prices and capacity constraints, tempered revenue growth by about 1.3 percentage points. But need at the top line: 7p line number, our fundamentals were solid. I say that for several reasons. First we delivered high quality growth fueled by strong volume mix. In fact volume mix accounted for about three points for more than 75% of our top line growth. Whats more, this strength was wide spread. We grew volume mix in each of our regions. We are especially proud of the performance of our European team, who once again grow strong underlying revenue in a very challenging macro environment. Second, our focus on power brands continue to payoff, with revenue up 8% in the first half, more than double the total company rate. Third, our two largest categories posted strong revenue growth. Biscuits grew 8%, while chocolate was up 6%. Although gum remains a challenge, were seeing some encouraging signs of share recovery. Fourth in emerging markets, revenue growth was 9.5%.Over the past few quarters; it has accelerated from 8.4% in Q4 last year to 9.3% in Q1 to 9.7% in Q2. Importantly, its now approaching our long-term target of double-digit growth. Revenue in BRIC markets also continue to improve sequentially, up nearly 13% in Q2, including very strong results in both Russia and Brazil. Fifth, were taking the opportunity to fast track a number of emerging market investments, originally planned for the future. The impact of this is more than offset by the benefit of some tax favorability. These investments will generate attractive returns and are expected to benefit both revenue growth and margin expansion in 2014. And finally, our share performance was terrific. On a global basis, were gaining or holding share in nearly 60% of our revenue, with particular strengths in biscuits, chocolate and coffee. Lets take a closer look and results in each of our core categories. As I mentioned a moment ago, biscuits were up 8% in the first half. In emerging markets revenue increased low teens, led by growth in Latin America. In developed markets, biscuits were up mid single-digits with strong growth in both North America and Europe. Our power brand grew 12%. Globally Oreo was up nearly 15% and belVita Tuc/Club Social, Barni and Chips Ahoy! each posted impressive growth. In addition, we continue to deliver outstanding share performance with more than three quarters of revenue in key markets, gaining or holding share. In chocolate, global revenue was up 6%. In emerging markets revenue was up low teens with strong growth across all geographies. The Dallas markets were up low single digits. Power brands grew 11%. Cadbury Dairy Milk was up double-digits, including more than 20% in Asia Pacific. Milka increased double-digits, while Lacta delivered solid growth. Our chocolate share also remained strong with more than half of our revenue in key markets gaining or holding share. Turning to Gum and Candy, Global revenue declined 2% in the first half. Candy was up mid single digits, driven by halls. Gum in emerging markets was also uplift single digits, led by the successful launch of Stride in China. So the challenge continues to be gum in developed markets, which was down mid to high teens. However, were beginning to get some traction from the four initiatives that weve been executing. The enterprise size architecture, stronger marketing campaigns focused on Fresh Breath and oral care, more impactful displays and getting the right product assortment on shelf. In the second quarter, gum shares increased in the U.S. for the first time in a couple of years. And also grew in most of our European markets as we implemented the same initiatives. Despite the share recovery, revenue led somewhat due to the short-term impacts on inventory and our customers reset their shelves. This should correct itself, as the year progresses. Finally, in beverages and cheese and grocery, first half revenues help study with power brands up 3%. As expected coffee was down mid single digits, as weve pass through significantly lower Green coffee cards. But this nabs the underlying moment. Vol mix was up mid single digits and market shares were strong, with more than half of revenue in key markets, gaining for holding share. In addition, our Tassimo business continues to thrive. Revenues grew nearly 40% in the first half as brewer sales more than doubled. Finally in powdered beverages, we once again delivered double-digit growth led by Tang. With that as background, let's take a closer look at our top line results by region. In Latin America, organic revenue was up 9.6% in the second quarter and more than 11% in the first half. Brazil delivered strong growth, despite an increasingly challenged economic environment and softening category trends. The business grew low teens with a good balance between vol/mix and pricing. Outside Brazil, most of the region's growth was driven by pricing in the inflationary economies of Venezuela and Argentina. We remain cautious on these markets due to their volatility. Overall, the region's power brands increased 13% led by Club Social, Oreo, Halls and belVita. In Asia Pacific, organic revenue grew 3.3% in the second quarter and 4.6% in the first half with vol/mix gains driving nearly all of the growth. The region's power brands grew 18% led by Oreo, Chips Ahoy!, Cadbury Dairy Milk, Stride and Tang. The story in this region, however, is a Tale of Two Cities or more precisely a tale of the contrast between emerging and developed markets. Emerging markets across the region were up double digits in the first half, including mid teens growth in China and low double digits in India. Despite its strong results, China slowed sequentially from more than 20% in Q1 to low double digits in Q2, reflecting softening category trends in biscuits. Our power brands, Oreo and Chips Ahoy!, delivered solid gains but some of our smaller brands declined. The success of Stride gum, however, continued to boost our top line. In India, we again delivered double digit growth led by Cadbury Dairy Milk. That's despite capacity constraints that continue to temper growth in chocolate. With new production lines now on stream, we expect revenue to accelerate in the second half, as we look to fully support the category which continues to grow at more than 20% a year. In contrast, the developed markets in the region were down low to mid single digits mainly due to gum and candy weakness in both Japan and Australia. Turning to EEMEA, organic revenue grew 11.3% in the second quarter and nearly 8% in the first half, fueled by strong vol/mix gains across most markets. Power brands grew 12% led by Cadbury Dairy Milk, Oreo, Barni, Tuc and Tang. Our turnaround in Russia drove the growth as we significantly improved our sales execution. In the second quarter, Russia was up mid teens as exceptionally strong vol/mix was partially offset by lower pricing in coffee and chocolate. Looking at Europe, organic revenue increased modestly up two-tenths of a percent in both the second quarter and first half. Vol/mix gains were largely offset by lower coffee pricing. In fact lower coffee revenues reduced Europe's overall growth by 1.3 points in the quarter and nearly 2 points in the half. But our vol/mix was exceptional, up 3.8 percentage points in Q2 and up sequentially from 1.3 points in the first quarter. In the first half, chocolate revenues rose mid-single digits driven almost entirely by vol/mix. Biscuits were up mid-single digits with about three quarters of the gain due to vol/mix. Oreo, belVita and our Choco-Bakery platforms delivered much of the growth. Coffee was down mid-single digits due to pricing but our convenient coffee format such as Millicano and Tassimo were up strongly. Gum and candy revenues were down high single digits, all due to gum. And power brands increased 3% across the regions. In North America, organic revenues increased 2.3% in the second quarter and 2.4% in the first half. U.S. biscuits was a standout with revenues up more than 5% in the second quarter. In fact that represents the eight consecutive quarter of growth of 5% or more. Oreo, Honey Maid, belVita, Chips Ahoy!, and Triscuit each made solid contributions to the first half. This business continues to benefit from the renewed focus on in-store execution by our direct store delivery sales force following the spin. For example, through our one more in the store initiative we increased the number of displays nearly 17% in Q2. DSD is also a key enabler to get our new products on shelf. In the first half, 9 of the top 10 new biscuit products in the U.S. were ours. As a result, our market share is up 140 basis points in the quarter and 100 points year-to-date. In contrast, gum and candy was down high single digits. Candy once again delivered solid gains but gum declined shortly as our customers reset their shelf assortments. As I mentioned earlier though, our gum share in the U.S. has improved, gaining four-tenths of a point in Q2 and a full point in the last four weeks of the quarter. From a margin perspective, we have a lot of work to do but we're making progress toward our goal of increasing margins by 500 basis points over the next five years. We recently announced plans to invest approximately $350 million in the construction of a new biscuit manufacturing facility in Mexico. When its stores open in the second half of 2014, this facility will support biscuit growth across the Americas and will enhance margins by utilizing state-of-the-art technologies that enable manufacturing at world-class costs. We also announced our transition to a category led organization effective January 2014. Modeled after our success in Europe, this structure is designed to simplify processes, reduce costs and increase the speed of decision making. Ultimately we expect this category led structure will accelerate top line growth, drive share and improve margins, much as it did in Europe. With that, let me turn it over to Dave to discuss margins, earnings and our outlook for the balance of the year.
David Brearton: Thanks, Irene. Good afternoon. As Irene just described, we're poised to accelerate revenue growth in the second half and into 2014. We expect gross profit margin to expand in the back half of the year as well, as productivity programs pick up speed and as we drive leverage from stronger revenue growth. In the first half, however, adjusted gross margin was essentially flat as pricing and vol/mix gains offset higher input costs. Adjusted operating income margin in the second quarter improved sequentially to 11.4%, up from 10.3% in the Q1. For the first half, however, adjusted OI margin was 10.8%, down 170 basis points but in line with the expectations we communicated earlier this year. The results reflect a combination of factors, including about 50 basis points from cycling prior year one-time items, about 30 points from devaluation of the Venezuelan currency and about 20 points from ongoing restructuring costs. In addition, we invested over $100 million to drive growth in emerging markets. While this tempered margins by about 70 basis points in the first half, it sets us up for a much stronger 2014 on both the top and bottom lines. Turning now to earnings per share. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.37 including a negative $0.01 impact from currency. On a constant currency basis, adjusted EPS was up 5.6%. For the first half, adjusted EPS was $0.71 including a negative $0.05 impact from currency. On a constant currency basis, adjusted EPS was up 13.4% driven primarily by lower taxes. As I mentioned, however, our incremental investments in emerging markets were a key driver of the $0.04 decline in operating earnings. Turning to guidance, we continue to expect organic revenue this year to grow at the low end over 5% to 7% long-term term target. And on the bottom line were reaffirming our outlook for adjusted EPS of $1.55 to $1.60. This range reflects average 2012 foreign exchange rates as well as an estimated negative $0.04 impact from the devaluation of the Venezuelan Bolivar. As you know the dollar has strengthened since the start of the year. Based on translation impacts recorded to date and spot rates as of July 31, our EPS would be about a nickel lower than the $1.55 to $1.60 guidance. We totally recognize that reaching our full-year outlook will require a step-up in top-line growth and margin expansion in the back half. So, let me give you some understanding of why we believe well deliver. In the second half we expect to achieve top-line growth of about 6% despite a slowdown in our categories that we and many of our peers are experiencing. Let me tell you why. First, were entering the second half with good momentum. Our vol mix gains and market share performance have been strong. Second, in the first half we faced headwinds from capacity constraints and lower coffee pricing which together with nearly a 1.5 drag. We dont expect capacity constraints to be a significant issue going forward. Coffee pricing will still be a headwind, but we expect it to be less than the one point impact in the first half. Third, we have favorable comparisons with the prior-year especially in Q3. And fourth, our emerging market investments in sales capabilities, route to market expansion and A&C support behind our power brands will reinforce our momentum and should help offset the impact of slower category growth. With respect to margins, we continue to expect adjusted OI margin to be essentially flat at about 12% for the year. With the first half coming in at just under 11% this implies a second half margin of about 13%. How will we get there? First, in the back half we expect non-sales overheads to be in line with prior-year as cost reduction programs lessen the impact of the synergies. As a result we should benefit from overhead leverage as revenues increase. The impact of this should be even more pronounced in the fourth quarter due to its higher revenue contribution. And second, a disproportion amount of benefits from productivity are routed to the back half. As we outlined in recent investor conferences we expect to increase our adjusted OI margin to 14% to 16% within the next five years. That starting from 12.2% in 2012 with the 2015 target of about 13%. Thats over 13.5% excluding ongoing restructuring charges. Let me give you a sense of how that plays out specifically for 2013 and 2014. As you can see on this chart base margins will expand in line with our algorithm both this year and next about 60 to 90 points per year. Next month at the Back-To-School Conference, well provide more details on our plans to deliver this base margin increase. Originally we targeted spending about $100 million on investments in emerging markets this year. As we mentioned in May based on affordability, opportunity and return weve chosen to accelerate a number of investments that were originally planned in the future. As a result, rather than a 20 to 30 basis point impact we now expect these investments to more than double and temper margins to 50 to 70 points this year. That creates a bigger margin headwind in 2013, but that spending is now inner base, which means a much smaller incremental impact in 2014. These programs are all expected to generate returns well in excess of our cost to capital and deliver sustainable profitable growth. In China for example, were improving sales coverage in traditional trade outlets in Tier 1 and Tier 2 markets, as well as continuing to develop routes to market in Tier 3 and 4 cities. Were also increasing A&C to create brand awareness in these new outlets. In India we are expanding distribution in the South as well as stepping up A&C support. And in Russia were investing in sales capabilities that will improve our availability in the hot zone and traditional trade outlets. Across these markets we expect increased A&C to translate into improved share results in the second half of this year and in the next year. Benefits from investments in sales and distribution will take a little longer to realize, but should contribute in 2014. Also as we said in May, in addition to the 2012 to 2014 restructuring program, we intend to invest up to $100 million in ongoing restructuring in 2013; that will reduce margins by about 10 to 20 basis points this year. We plan to invest somewhat more in 2014 on route to the $200 million to $300 million in annual spending we will reach in 2015. This spending is key to the cost reduction efforts needed to deliver our long-term margin goals. So in 2013 as we said, we expect adjusted OI margin to be roughly flat at about 12%, but in 2014 well get the benefit of two years in one as much of our base margin increase will flow through. So we expect to expand margins to the high 12s next year. So how do we expect to drive double-digit EPS growth this year as we increase in our emerging market investments? The answer is lower taxes. In the first half our adjusted tax rate was around 6%, which reflected a number of discrete items. For the full-year we now expect our tax rate to be 12% to 14%. That implies the tax rate in the second half of 16% to 20%. The Q3 rate is likely to be well below that range while the Q4 rate will be higher. In terms of EPS the lower tax rate will generate a benefit of $0.11 to $0.14 for the full-year. Putting it all together we expect adjusted EPS to be $0.84 to $0.89 in the second half, and for the full-year we continue to expect 14% to 18% EPS growth on a constant currency basis. Let me now turn it back to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Before I wrap up, in a separate press release today we announced our intention to increase the return of capital to shareholders. As you may recall at Cadbury we committed to resuming share buybacks and dividend increases once our leverage ratios were back in line with our targeted credit rating. As a reminder our priorities for cash are first and foremost to invest in the business to drive sustainable, profitable growth; and as weve discussed were doing that. Were also aggressively expanding capacity, increasing capital expenditures for about 4% of revenues to about 5%. That includes for example the expansion of a biscuit plant in China, the construction of the new growth facility in Mexico that I mentioned earlier and a new Greenfield site in India. It also includes a number of other high return expansions around the world. Our second priority for cash is tack-on acquisitions. At present we believe we have ample flexibility to manage the M&A opportunities that may become available in the near term. The third priority for cash is the return of capital to shareholders in the form of share buybacks and/or higher dividends. And the fourth is paying down debt. We have now reduced our gross debt to about $18 billion and net debt to about $15.5 billion. At these levels our leverage ratio is now consistent with our target rating, investment grade with access to CP. So with investments fully funded, and a solid credit profile, we can now return more capital to shareholders while still preserving our ability to pursue future strategic opportunities. As such, today we announced an increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.14, a share an increase of a penny were 8%. We are also significantly increasing our current shipper buyback authorization to $6 billion or about $1 billion to $2 billion annually through 2016. We believe that the combination of double digit EPS growth, higher dividends and a substantial increase in share buybacks creates a highly attractive mix that taken together will drive superior returns for our shareholders. So to wrap up, our first half results demonstrated solid underlying business momentum including strong vol mix and power brand gains, faster growth in emerging markets and increasing market shares globally. Well build on these strengths in the second half to deliver improved performance. On the top line, we'll benefit from our first half momentum and increased investments in emerging markets, as headwinds from coffee pricing and capacity constraints begin to subside. On the bottom line, we expect margins to expand as revenue growth accelerates and as we aggressively drive productivity and overhead cost savings. As a result, we're positioned to deliver our commitments for 2013 and to drive sustainable profitable growth in 2014 and beyond. Now, we'd be happy to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi. Good afternoon.
Irene Rosenfeld: Hello, Chris.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi. Just two questions for you. The first one I'd like to ask is, as you think about the emerging market investment, Irene, you have some tax favorability in the first quarter, you have some more here in this quarter. You let some of that flow through in the first quarter. I just want to get an understanding now like all the tax benefits that are coming through this year, should we assume that the majority of those are being reinvested back in the business? I'm trying to put some color around the amount of incremental reinvestment back in the business.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I think Chris we gave you a schedule to show that. We said we generate about $0.11 to $0.14 favorability from taxes. We gave about $0.03 back in the first quarter as you recall. Our investments are about $0.06 and that just gives you a sense of how we're thinking about that.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And then if I could also ask a question, I guess maybe more for Dave, regarding your increase to the share repurchase authorization and your increasing the repurchased shares. Is there an expectation that you would take on debt? I was trying to think about your free cash flow over the next year or two, is that free cash flow growing as fast than you expected and allowing you to do more share repurchase activity or is there the capacity to take on some more debt?
David Brearton: The free cash flow is pretty much in line with what we laid out at CAGNY at this point in time, but I think as you think about what we said at CAGNY '13 and '14 we still got the restructuring program spending in there. As we keep going forward beyond '14 that was disappear out of the base and we'll be delivering a stronger cash flow. So we may have to take on a small amount of incremental debt in the near term, but I think it's well within what we can afford as we go over time.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thanks for the time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Good evening, everyone.
Irene Rosenfeld: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: One thing I wanted to follow-up on, on Chris' question just to make sure I fully understand the new fully year guidance. When you reported the first quarter you mentioned you were holding I think $0.03 to $0.04 of tax flexibility in your pocket for the rest of the year. And as I look at your current guidance, you're saying it is still $1.55 to $1.60 but you'd also be this quarter tax is more favorable than you thought even at the end of the first quarter and relative to our model interest expense was also much more favorable. So I'm just trying to get a sense of where some of that flexibility is going?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yeah, Andrew, we're still looking to keep our powder dry as we looked at the balance of the year. There's quite a bit of volatility in a number of these markets and we want to make sure that we are appropriately hedged to deliver our commitment.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Okay. We're now I guess five weeks into your third quarter and I wanted to get a sense from you, if you could, just even directionally of the trends you're seeing so far in the third quarter relatively consistent with your expectation for the kind of acceleration you're expecting in  most importantly in the organic rate of top line growth that you're looking for in the second half of the year?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yeah, I don't want to give you week-by-week guidance but what I will tell you is certainly we've expressed great confidence in the back half of the year for all the reasons we've said and there's nothing we're seeing that's inconsistent with that.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good afternoon.
Irene Rosenfeld: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: A question about as we look at the organic sales performance in the first half and especially the second quarter, one thing that's been really encouraging is that volumes have accelerated sequentially over the last couple of quarters. And if you go back to some of the years where the period where organic sales growth was at the high end of your range, there was probably more of a pricing component. Actually volume wasn't really a big contributor to revenue growth. So I guess what I'm asking is you move into the second half of the year, do you expect that vol/mix to continue to be in that 3% to 4% range in terms of the contribution of revenue growth? First. And then second, of all the pieces that are still sort of below sort of your long-term expectations, whether it's gum, some of the developed markets, coffee contribution, where do you think we should look for sort of the acceleration? Should it come from even more growth in the emerging markets or should some of those weaker areas begin to contribute more?
David Brearton: Yeah, I think on the first step, I can cover that and Irene can cover the second step. I think when you go back to those days when we had much lower vol/mix, it was a very high pricing environment. That was when we had the commodity run up and naturally there was a bit of pullback on vol/mix as consumers on the trade front reacted to those price increases. Obviously we're in a very benign pricing environment today, so all of the entire revenue growth you're seeing is coming from vol/mix. As we look at the back half, I'm not looking to input costs to increase or pricing to measurably improve, so most of that revenue improvement at the back half is going to have to come from vol/mix.
Irene Rosenfeld: But if you think about it, just to put it in some perspective, Bryan, I think if we think about the 3A, as we said, we believe that about a 1.3 points is due to  coffee is about 1 point and about 0.3 due to capacity constraints. As we then exit the first half, those headwinds will  certainly in terms of coffee will lessen. It's still going to be there. The capacity constraint should be behind us. And so as we look to what we're going to execute in the back half, we feel quite comfortable that the momentum we've got in the front half, it's the spending that we've got in our emerging markets and our overall share performance will carry us through.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So I guess it stands to reason that your confidence in increasing A&C spending in the second half will have an influence because you're really targeting consumption growth as opposed to pricing? I mean the idea is that if you spend more on advertising and consumer spend, you should drive even more consumption.
Irene Rosenfeld: That's correct. But I would also tell you that the programs that we are investing behind are proven programs. I mean it seems like the launch of Golden Oreo in China, the route expansions that Dave alluded to in both China and India, it was some incremental preseason support on Tang, these are proven programs that we have invested in, so we have high confidence that we'll get a good return on those investments.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Research: Great. Thank you. Good evening, everyone.
Irene Rosenfeld: Hi, David.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Research: Wanted to  Dave, wanted to just maybe ask very directly the EPS guidance or  you didn't actually give it, but on the third quarter it seems like you're expecting stronger revenue growth but the OI margin expansion isn't as good as in the fourth quarter. There seem to be a number of puts and takes on the tax rate, et cetera. Bottom line, would the third quarter EPS all-in, it should be a little bit less than the EPS contribution for the fourth quarter? I think I've taken into account everything, but can you confirm that?
David Brearton: Well, I don't want to give you quarterly EPS but I can give you two pieces to sort of help. Firstly on the OI margins, I wouldn't compare to prior year because prior year was pretty unusual given the timing of a lot of spending OI revenue as we were preparing for the spin. So last year was pretty unusual. This year I think it's going to be more normal. You'll see our OI margins improve progressively through the year and our high points will be in quarter four. So that would be the first point. Secondly on the taxes, we did say a few minutes ago that we would expect our taxes in the back half to be higher but frankly Q3 is going to be well below that 15% to 20% rate I said just a minute ago and Q4 will be higher. And again, it is because of some discrete items that we would expect to get Q3  that will benefit Q3. So those are two elements I can give you some guidance on.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Research: And then, Dave, just three other quick ones. Tax rate, I get this question a lot. Is the low tax rate in 2013 going to be a headwind for 2014 or is the comment that you reinvested it and that even when this tax rate normalizes to something higher, the fact is, is that there are other pieces of the P&L that will change in '14 to compensate. Is that a correct way of thinking about the tax issue?
David Brearton: We've given guidance for our tax rate for the next three to five years, but it's going to be around 20% plus or minus. This year was usually low. So I'm not going to give specific guidance for next year but this year was really  [I mean] last year was about 20%, this year was down quite a bit below that. Going forward over the next three to five years, I would expect to see closer to 20 again. In terms of special offsets, I may be returning back to instead of the OI conversation we had, by accelerating the emerging market investments from future periods into 2013 weve essentially built that into our base and so it means were going to get two years of OI margin, the expansion in one next year, and we would expect our margins to grow from, so we said this year flat to last year up in the high 12s next year. And so our EPS next year is largely going to be OI driven.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Research: Okay, final two from me, fast ones; in marketing -- what was marketing up in the first half of the year and last question on interest expense can you give us interest expense guidance for 13?
David Brearton: Marketing is about 9.5% of revenue, so it's similar to what it was in the first quarter. And interest expense, I mean I wouldnt expect we had a small one timer that we recall that as we talked about it, that was $0.01 to $0.02, but otherwise Id say our trend on interest should be relatively even through the year.
Dexter Congbalay: Yeah, were about $18 billion on gross debt and our weighted average rate is about 5.9%.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Research: You had some options in the back half of the year that were in debt pay down, so I think there were questions as to whether or not interest expense was going to change in the final couple of quarters. So youre saying second quarter run rate is a good run rate?
David Brearton: Yeah, we will be with that $1.8 billion coming due in October. We expect to pay that off through the combination of cash and commercial paper issuance.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Research: Okay. Thank you.
David Brearton: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi, a follow-up to David Driscoll question, I think you said that marketing was 9.5% of revenue in Q1 and Q2, but what was it last year, and does it reflect an increase in marketing spending year-over-year? And then secondly, just to drilldown a little bit on U.S. gum, we took a look at some Kantar media data and it showed big declines in tracked media spending in U.S. gum. I think it could have been reflected on the fact that you might be increasing digital in your mix, but I thought that you had a lot of digital spending last year too so, just trying to get a sense of whether the advertising cuts might have caused some of this decline in U.S. gum? Thanks.
David Brearton: Ill answer the first bit, last year our spending was 9.4% of revenue versus last year you would see within our mix were spending a lot more in emerging markets and were a little tighter in the developed markets.
Irene Rosenfeld: Rob, we feel quite comfortable with the level of spending we have behind our gum as Ive talked about, we have made some important changes in the price size architecture, we have strengthened our campaigns. Any declines that you see are really reflecting the mix we're increasingly investing at point of buying as opposed to on television for example it's much more focused on digital and point of buying, and so you would see a reported change in Kantar, but it does not reflect this level of support that we got behind the business and as you see from the share numbers that I quoted to you, were feeling very good about the results that this spending is generating.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay, and then one more question on the guidance. You said that youve seen some slowing growth in categories in China, Russia and Brazil; to what extent did that affect your overall top line; like if you -- could you quantify what that would mean just to the category growth assumption for the year and just to give you the sense of how much harder your business has to work to grow for the remainder of the year to offset it?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well only give specifics on perspectives, we start with the fact that were going by share -- growing or holding share in about 60% of our revenue. So, a key prospect to the slowing category is our share gains and were seeing very strong share performance around the world and a lot of the investment that were making in our franchises particularly in the emerging markets is designed to help us there. But just for perspective if you think about the BRIC markets for example, GDP has gone down from about 5% -- year-to-date about 5% it was about 6% the same time a year ago and yet our revenue within those markets is up 13%. So there is not a direct correlation or should there be. Theres no question we have to work harder in the phase of some of these category slowdowns, but the strength of our brand the investments that were putting behind brand equity as well as route to market is what will carry us.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Got it. So youre up double digit thats more than enough to offset 1% change in BRIC GDP?
Irene Rosenfeld: As an example, yes in aggregate, yeah.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good evening.
David Brearton: Hi, Eric.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Dave, I guess let me ask you a question on -- I think maybe it was Chris Growe; but when I do the math you basically have about $3 billion of net income, youve got depreciation and amortization of $1 billion to $1.3 billion, CapEx has been running $2 billion and your dividend are at least two and youre increasing that, and that evens out to a free cash flow after dividends of basically zero. So, where is other than just straight out leveraging over the next year or two until CapEx comes down, where is the share repo funding coming from?
David Brearton: Yeah, I think when we talked at Cagney, we actually laid out our cumulative cash flow over the 13 and 14 period. And so if you can go back and look at that, but I think we essentially said we had about $1 billion year-end facility. And I think what were talking about here if were buying $1 billion to $2 billion theres no question but if you take the midpoint of that in the short-term we would have a modest increase in our debt, but I think as we wind through that restructuring program and the cash spending on that goes through this is a program that we can take forever or in cash flow cash flow. So there will be a short-term increment, but it won't be big.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then unrelated question but when I look at your performance in the latest quarter across the regions, most of them are actually pretty solid in terms of volume mix and this EEMEA outlier of up 12. know you said there was a big recovery in Russia, but Im just a little worried that in the past the Company has been kind of stung by over shipping consumption, and well find out later that it was a kind of a false positive. So why shouldnt I be worried that one segment was so strong relative to everywhere else in the world. I mean was Russia just a complete disaster a year ago and it's such a strong rebound or maybe you could add a little more color there?
David Brearton: Yeah, I think Id say two things. Number one, Russia did have a very strong rebound and thats the combination of good marketing and share gains beginning this year, but it's off pace as well as year ago; so that is true. But also Id say weve got good growth in most of the EEMEA markets. Were growing well over 20% in Egypt, were growing well in Ukraine, were growing in high single-digits down in South Africa; were growing in double digits in North Africa and Nigeria. As well I think as you may recall from the first quarter in the Saudi Arabian markets we had a joint venture that we set up and essentially had to wind down the shipments to a existing distribution network and didnt ship much in that first quarter. So we got a rebound from that as we get back to normal shipments in quarter two. So theres a lot of factors. Would I expect to be growing 12% vol mix every quarter? No. But I think we feel pretty good that it is wide spread strength, and no Im not worried that were shipping ahead of consumption.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay, excellent. Thank you.
David Brearton: Thanks Eric.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Good evening everyone. Two questions; first of all the investments -- the $100 million investments in sales capabilities and route to market expansion in A&C support, could you tell us a little bit about where those are being deployed. Are they in the already profitable BRIC countries or is this the beginning of getting into the next wave markets that presumably arent making money as yet?
Irene Rosenfeld: No, at this time Alexia the focus is on the already good gross margin BRIC markets, it's investments as I said behind and if you think about the A&C support, business  buy businesses like Oreo, in particular I talked about Golden Oreo launch in China, it's the opportunity to continue to expand our sales coverage both in China and in India, and it's the opportunity to continue to expand some of our innovation platforms. So these are proven programs that have high returns and thats why we felt quite comfortable accelerating them.
David Brearton: And Alexia to jump in on the other markets; we do make money in almost all of our emerging markets. So we talked about the BRICs because theyre the biggest and they have very strong gross margins and good OI margins. We also have very good gross margin, very strong OI margins in our other emerging markets. We dont talk (indiscernible) much because theyre smaller, but they all have very good margins and we would not invest in any country that didnt have a very strong gross margin such that we could get good return on investment on those bets.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, great. And then as a follow-up, your power brands are growing much faster than your non-power brands. Does that mean that there's SKU rationalization going on in those non-power brands globally? And I was wondering if you could give us an idea of how many SKUs you have globally and where that may go to over time if that's happening? Thank you and I'll pass it on.
David Brearton: Yeah, I don't think I want to get into an SKU discussion, but you can ask about some future costs. I think it is a combination of expense on the market. There is some SKU proliferation that we're pulling back on clearly. There is simply a matter of focusing on the brands that are going to be the future of the company and spending less support on the secondary and tertiary brands. And there is just smaller brands in markets that just don't have the scale over time staying themselves. So they've been broadly for the last two or three years, sort of non-power brands have been broadly flat as kind of in the traditional trend we've been on and I would expect us  probably a realistic expectation going forward as well.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Great, thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Hi. Good evening, guys. Thanks for the questions. It's been a while since you've done this, but I was hoping that maybe you could just aggregate the volume and mix for us to give us a better sense of volume trends and how big the mix headwind is?
David Brearton: No, we've stopped doing that because truthfully if I give you a classic example, it comes down to  if you change the pricing that obviously is pricing. If you start doing downsizing, then you get into very complicated volume versus mix calculation. So that's the reason we went away from it. Also gum doesn't realize. So we will continue to report vol/mix as one number.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Okay. I wanted to circle back then to Rob Moskow's question on what's ailing gum? Irene, I think I heard you say you don't think it's a spend issue at least in terms of measured media. But when you look at the numbers, since the end of 2008, sugar confection up like 366% in measured media, chocolate up 97%, gum down 57%. How can we look at those numbers and not think that there is a spending problem or a marketing investment problem behind the category?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I tell you, Jason, we talked about the fact two years ago when we bought the business. We felt that there was a spending problem. There is no question that Cadbury in the final moments had pulled back quite extensively on marketing support for gum and had very aggressively priced the category and that was part of the reason that we started to see some weakness fairly early on. We corrected that very early on, so that's why I feel quite comfortable with the level of spending. The issue for us is just making sure that we've got the right marketing mix within that spending. I think the issues that we've talked about; there's really four that we've been focused on. It's been about pricing and sizing both at the lower end and the upper end, particularly in markets like Southern Europe where the economies are still quite challenged and we are finding that we're getting very good consumer takeaway as we do a better job of covering the spectrum of price points within gum. So that's been a very important part of our '16 program. The second is, as I said, some of our marketing spending we were not feeling was as effective as possible. Some of the campaigns had gotten a little bit too esoteric and we've brought them back to the fundamental category benefits of breath-freshening as well as oral care and finally we're getting a good response to that. The third is more impactful displays. We have a number of examples around the world. Argentina is probably our best example where we have displays that are increasing our takeaway by 30%, 40% and we more broadly implemented those displays in a number of our key gum markets. And then last, which is probably the most significant, is the category over time got very heavily dependent on innovation to the point where a lot of the base SKUs were being replaced by some of the innovation and we were participants in this. But it turns out that some of those innovations were not carrying their weight. And so it's taken us some time to manage the category to get our customers to change their shelf sets and as I mentioned part of the reason, there is a lag between our share performance and the revenue growth is simply because it takes a while for our customers to make these shelf set changes. But really those are the four areas that we've been focused on and we are beginning to see some good traction in our key gum markets, particularly in the U.S. and in Europe.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks a lot. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Hi, everyone. Thanks for the question. Could you just provide a bit more detail on the deceleration in volume trends in Latin America during the quarter? What were some of the factors? You called out Mexico in particular as having weaker vol/mix, what were some of the factors at play there? And are there any additional markets you'd highlight where volumes softened or where you saw more pricing come through and just shift the balance during the quarter?
David Brearton: Yeah, I think  I'd start with we had very good vol/mix in the most important market, which is Brazil and that was really the key one. I think vol/mix declines really were driven by Argentina to some degree, which has its own economic issues and Mexico. Mexico was really  obviously, it's gum. So it's the same old thing and an increase in competition in powdered beverages, but it's really those two categories in Mexico that drove the negative vol/mix.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Hi. Good afternoon. When you think about some of the macro trends you're seeing  I know you touched on this a little bit in emerging markets versus Western Europe, there seems to be a  maybe a bit of a consensus thesis out there that emerging market's slowing a bit, Europe recovering a bit. Is it fair to say that you're seeing that as well? One interpretation of some of your numbers sequentially would suggest that it is, but I'm just curious if that's a fair analysis on a broad scope?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, Ken, I would say  that's not exactly what we are seeing. I mean I would say we are very pleased with our Western Europe trends and we really feel very good about the progress that we've made in a number of our core categories, certainly in the most troubled parts of the Euro zone, Southern Europe in particular. We're still continuing to see softness. I do want to kind of put the category slowdown in some context. When the emerging market category slowdown, they are still growing at 3 to 4 times the rate that we see in the developed markets. So yes, there has been a slowdown in a number of these markets and I cited the GDP to revenue relationship that we're seeing in the BRIC markets, for example. So there is no question we are seeing some slowdown. I talked about biscuits in China. Biscuits category in China grew last year about 18%. The first half of this year it's up only about 6%. So when I talk about slowdown that's the kind of dynamic that we're seeing. But we're still seeing the emerging markets for the most part are growing quite a bit faster than any of the developed markets. But I feel quite pleased with the performance that we've seen in a number of our developed markets. I talked about the strong U.S. biscuit performance, for example, as well as the strong underlying performance of our European business.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Hi. Good evening, everyone. 
David Brearton: Hi, Ken.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Just two quick questions. One is, how did you guys decide to actually repurchase stock and go that avenue rather than accelerate investments of cost cutting efficiencies?
David Brearton: Yeah, I think  as Irene laid out, we basically  we had our three cash priorities that we are focused on and the first was and she rightly indicated investing in the business, whether that's cost reduction, opportunities or whether it's investing in growth. As we sit here today, we believe we've funded the investments we need to deliver the numbers we put out in '13 and '14 and beyond. So that was the first step. We did look at M&A and we think we have the flexibility for that. And we always said the third step, the place we would turn to next would be returning cash to shareholders. So we did follow that sequence in looking at the opportunities and we did wait until we got our debt in line before we started those discussions. So it was a thoughtful process and it was tied really in sort of strategic planned process.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: And then my last thing, as you gain share in gum, can you talk about your profit profile change to see how that actually has changed?
David Brearton: I don't think we give profit by category and I wouldn't want to go down that road now. Gum is a highly profitable business at the gross margin line. So I think that's probably as far as I'll go.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Great, thank you very much.
David Brearton: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Thilo Wrede of Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Co.: Good evening, everybody. Maybe I'm a little bit slow tonight. I'm just trying to figure out what all the puts and takes for the guidance are for the full year. I have on the plus side, maybe lower than expected tax rate, maybe some share repurchases, the interest expense is lower and then that is partially offset by reinvestments and currency. Am I missing anything? And is the net-net of this a positive impact on this full year guidance or does it just the amount?
David Brearton: Yeah, I think the  we have our full-year guidance at constant currency of 155 to 160, thats the same number we gave back in May. Within that taxes will be favorable for that, really have invested more behind that, interest is very small and share buyback frankly will be there, its smallest workers were doing most of that towards the end of the year. So, I think that will be the two big swing factors. Currently we call that there was a $0.05 risk on currency because the guidance we gave is a conference currency. So currency stage where they were I July 31st for the rest of the year then the number will come down born by about a nickel.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Co: Okay. Got you, and then the other question I had the pricing in Asia Pacific turn negative this quarter. Whats behind that?
David Brearton: Its a question of timing of promotions and react in a competitive advantage, but having importantly, were focused on maintaining the gross margin going forward.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Co: Okay. So that shouldnt the trend for the rest of the year? Okay. Thank you. Operator: We have time for one more question. Your final question comes from John Bumgarner of Wells Fargo.
John Bumgarner - Wells Fargo: Hi, thanks for the question. Good afternoon.
Irene Rosenfeld: Hello, John.
John Bumgarner - Wells Fargo: Ive been wondering if you can speak a little bit to your introduction of the espresso compatible capsules over in Europe. I know youve seen other branded competitors do that in the recent years, look out quite well for them then we reinvigorating the brands. So just wondering of I could speak mainly for the details for the program and maybe your thoughts on a broader opportunity to grow premium roast and ground coffee across Europe in general,
Irene Rosenfeld: Well we got to get the driver of the hour coffee performance has been or more convenient coffee forms as I had mentioned, Tassimo up about 40%, Millicano up in the very strongly in the double-digits and so that continues to be an area of focus. We did announce the launch of an espresso compatible plot. We are starting with [indiscernible] in France and Germany. As we speak we will expand that to a number of other countries in the later part of the year. So, we think this is an opportunity. And were  we believe we have very strong brands that will perform well in that system and as all doing.
John Bumgarner - Wells Fargo: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes the allotted time for todays question and answer session. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dexter Congbalay for any closing remarks.
Dexter Congbalay: Nick and I will be around  later on this evening to take any calls. You have our numbers and thank you for joining the call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-07 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Dexter Congbalay - IR Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman & CEO Dave Brearton - CFO
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Andrew Lazar - Barclays Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Chris Growe - Stifel Ken Goldman - JPMorgan David Palmer  UBS 
Operator: Good day and welcome to Mondelez International First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Todays call is scheduled to last about one hour including remarks by Mondelez management and a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dexter Congbalay as President, Investor Relations for Mondelez International. Please go ahead, sir.
Dexter Congbalay: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and Dave Brearton, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release. This release and today's slides are available on our website mondelezinternational.com. As you know, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements about the Company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. You could find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks Dexter and good afternoon. Our first quarter performance was in line with the expectations that we communicated earlier this year. Revenue growth remains a lower long term target and were certainly not satisfied with that. But behind the aggregate numbers our underlined business momentum continued to improve as we drove a virtuous growth cycle in each region. Emerging markets accelerated sequentially while results in developed markets continued to be solid. Revenue growth was high quality driven by volume mix, strong power brand and market share gains. Our biscuits, chocolates and candy categories continued to grow strongly. Adjusted growth profit increased which provided the fuel to step-up our investments in emerging markets. While we are well positioned in many of these countries today the raise is clearly on to fortify and expand our presence. As a focus snapping company we believe that now is the time to step our investments in brand building, in sales, in route to market and in capacity to ensure we planted a necessary seed that will bear fruit for many years to come. We begin to see the payoff of these investments clearly as revenue growth accelerates in the second half. With this solid underlying momentum we remain confident in our ability to deliver our full year commitments as well as sustainable, profitable growth over the long term. Lets look now at the detail for the quarter. Organic net revenue grew 3.8%, as we said the impact of lower coffee prices and capacity constraints again tempered top line growth. These two factors will continue to affect our second quarter, until we lapse the price declines and new capacity comes on stream. We are encouraged, however, by the underlying quality of our revenue. Our focus on power brands continues to payoff. In fact, they grew 7.5% nearly equaled our overall rate. Our volume mix trends were also strong accounting for two-thirds of our growth. These vol mix and power brand games in turn translated into solid market shares. Looking at our results geographically, we see the same underlying trend. In developed markets, Europe delivered solid volume mix growth and U.S. biscuits continue to benefit from a focus direct store delivery sales force. In emerging markets, revenue was up over 9%, thats about a point higher than last quarter despite the impact of capacity constraints. Our performance in the BRIC countries was also solid. Brazil grew strongly up mid-teens; China up more than 20%. India grew road double-digits despite capacity constraints in chocolate. Russia was up modestly, but its growth represented a significant turnaround from the declines posted in the back half of 2012. We continue to focus on increasing gross profit to generate the fuel to sustain our growth. In the first quarter adjusted gross profit through nearly 4% on a constant currency basis driven by vol mix gains. This helps fund advertising and consumer support at 9.6% of revenues, up 20 basis points from our full year 2012 rates. Higher adjusted gross profit also enabled us to invest in sales capabilities and through market expansions in our emerging markets. These increased investments along with some one-time items dampened operating income growth and margins. We remain committed to expanding overall operating income margin by an average of 20 to 30 basis points annually. But in the near-term, we will continue to use cost savings, particularly from Europe and North America to strengthen our emerging markets position. Lets now take a look at each of our categories. Globally, biscuits were up 8%, including 13% growth of our power brands. Oreo was the key driver, up mid-teens, the worlds favorite cookie posted strong growth in each regions. And if the top selling biscuit plans in China, during the critical New Year season. A number of other biscuit brands also performed well. Barney grew mid-teens. Shift up the way with the high-teens as we continue to broaden distribution in emerging markets. At our top and Club Social Savory brands increased nearly 30% behind new marketing campaigns. Geographically, biscuits grew low double-digits in emerging markets with strong growth in Latin America and Asia-Pacific. And in developed markets, both North America and Europe drove mid single-digit games. Biscuits also delivered outstanding share performance with nearly 90% of our revenue in key markets gaining or holding share. Turning to chocolate, global revenue increased 5%. Power brands grew nearly twice as fast led by Milka, Cadbury Dairy Milk, and Lacta. In emerging markets, chocolate revenue was up double-digits. In Brazil, a solid Easter season and strong growth of Lacta drove the gains. And in India, chocolate grew low double-digits despite the impact of the capacity constraints I mentioned earlier. Smaller markets such as Egypt, Argentina and Poland also delivered good growth. In developed markets, chocolate revenue was up low single-digits with a strong showing in Europe. Overall, more than half of our chocolate revenue in key markets gained more held share. Gum and candy revenue however remain disappointing declining 1%. The decrease was driven entirely by gums poor performance in developed markets. Here revenue was down high-teens as category trends continue to soften. We also lost some share. As we stated before, we are not counting on a significant turnaround in gum this year and our guidance reflects that. But I assure you were not sitting idly by and accepting these trends. Were actively testing a number of ideas to rejuvenate the category and we have begun to roll out several initiatives to stem our share declines. First were changing price size architecture on both ends of the spectrum, more small packs at lower price points and more value offerings in larger pack sizes. Second, hard hitting advertising that focuses on functional benefits such as oral care. Third, driving better placement up high in pack displays and fourth getting the right product assortment on shelf. Early result of these initiatives have been encouraging, but due to the sheer breadth of retail outlets to be addressed as well as the timing of shelf resets rolling out these initiatives broadly have taken much longer than we would have liked. In contrast gum in emerging markets grew nicely up mid-single digits with solid share gains. The launch of Stride in China last August and strong results in Brazil led the way. Also helping to offset the gum challenges candy again delivered strong results up mid-single digits with growth in both emerging and developed markets all through a stand-out up low teens behind innovation and the benefit of a rough, cold and flu seasons. Finally in our beverages and cheese and grocery categories revenue was flat while power brands grew 2%. Coffee revenues declined mid-single digits as we passed through significantly lower green coffee cost especially in our roast and ground business. On demand and soluble coffee on the other hand which together account for more than half of our global coffee revenues performed well. Finally powered beverages continue to deliver strong performance with revenue up mid-teens. So in sum our overall results were in-line with expectations with encouraging evidence up strong underlying momentum. Let me now turn it over to Dave to provide additional information about our first quarter performance as well as our updated outlook.
Dave Brearton: Thanks Irene and good afternoon. Before reviewing our quarter one results in more detail let me first highlight the changes to our reporting structure of 2013. Previously we reported our operations in three segments, North America, Europe and developing markets. With the spin-off of our North America grocery operations we have changed our reporting segments this year to give investors more clarity into our operations. We now report in five segments, North America, Europe, Eastern Europe, Middle-Eastern and Africa or EMEA, Asia-Pacific and Latin America. We issued an 8K last month that provided a historical breakdown of revenue and operating income based on these new reporting segments. The 8K included annual results for 2010 to 2012 and quarterly results for the past two years. In another effort to provide insight into the business we have delineated our portfolio into two parts. Emerging markets and developed markets, we define emerging markets to include all of the Latin America and EMEA segments. Our Asia-Pacific segment excluding Australia, New Zealand and Japan is included as well. We also add the Central European countries that are now part of the Europe segment. Using this definition 39% of the revenues were generated in emerging markets last year. Developed markets include all of North America, our Europe segment excluding the countries of Central Europe and Australia, New Zealand and Japan. When discussing our performance in emerging and developed markets we will limit the commentary to revenue. We will continue to report profitability only for our five regional segments. With that lets now take a closer look at our top-line results. As Irene mentioned we delivered 3.8% organic revenue growth, vol mix grew 2.5 percentage points or about two thirds of the increase while pricing contributed 1.3 points. This included the impact of lower coffee prices as well as capacity constraints in a number of markets. Overall, coffee revenue negatively affected our growth rate by 1.3 points, thats higher than what we expected largely due to the timing of sales of roast and ground coffee in Europe. In addition, capacity constraints provided a headwind of about a 0.5 point. This impact is lower than expected as we successfully stretched capacity and we have core manufacturers to increase production. Emerging markets grew 9.3% in the first quarter. I will move to our double-digit target. That compares favorably to the 8.4% rate we delivered in both Q4 and for the full year 2012, as growth in both Brazil and Russia improved considerably. Developed markets grew 0.004%. Thats primarily due to the impact of coffee pricing. Lets now take a closer look at top line performance into the regions. In Latin America, organic revenue was up strong 12.6%. To offset inflation, we took aggressive pricing actions in several markets. As a result, pricing contributed 9.4 percentage points with 3.2 points due to vol mix gains. Brazil was the regions star performer. In the first quarter, revenue was up mid-teens, well above the mid single-digit increase posted in the fourth quarter. This growth was high quality driven by vol mix. It was also broad based with strong performance in each of Brazils key categories. The North Northeast region also performed well, up 25% as we continued to expand distribution. Brazil posted notable market share gains in chocolate, gum, and powder beverages. Performance in other key Latin American markets also was solid. In Venezuela, growth was quite strong despite the countrys economic challenges. And in Argentina, growth remains solid, but smooth in the phase of price control just limited our flexibility. The regions power brands increased 12% led by Club Social, Oreo, and Halls. In each of the system, organic revenue grew 5.8% including 4.1 points from vol mix and 1.7 points from pricing. Double-digit growth in emerging markets drove the regions top line performance. China and India led the way. China grew more than 20% due to solid growth in biscuits and contributions from Stride gum. Since launching last August, Stride has been a strong performer already capturing about 5 points of market share. China also gained share in biscuits behind Oreo and (indiscernible), although biscuit category trends softened this quarter. In India, our business was up double-digits. So, certainly not bad that growth and share continued to be tempered by capacity constraints in Tuc/Club. We look forward to returning to faster growth as new production lines come on stream by mid-year. At that point, we will be better able to meet the demand for the chocolate category thats growing over 20%. In contrast, the strong growth in emerging markets, the regions developed markets declined low single-digits. This was largely due to a double-digit decrease in gum in Japan. Overall, the recent power brands do more than 20% led by Stride, Tang, Oreo, and Cadbury Dairy Milk. In EMEA, organic revenue grew 4% driven by strong vol mix gains of 7.4 percentage points. These gains were partially offset, however, by lower coffee and chocolate pricing in Russia and other Eastern European markets. Russia continued to improve sequentially despite this pricing pressure. Revenue rose 2% overall with vol mix up about 9 points offset by 7 points of lower pricing. We are very encouraged with the progress of our new management team. In addition to revenue rebounding, shares are also recovering in biscuits and gum. Coffee and chocolate, however, still have to improve. In addition to Russia, other countries in the region including Ukraine, Egypt, Nigeria, and South Africa also contributed meaningfully to growth in the quarter. Power brands grew 8% led by double-digit growth in Cadbury Dairy Milk, Oreo, Barni, Tuc and Tang. Turning to Europe, organic revenue increased modestly, a strong vol mix was mostly offset by lower coffee prices. In fact, lower coffee revenues reduced Europes overall growth by more than 2 points. Vol mix was especially strong in biscuits, chocolates and on-demand coffee. Power brands increased 3%, in biscuits vol mix scheme showed mid to single high digit growth led by continued strength of belVita, Oreo and the chocolate bakery platform. In fact chocolate bakery is on track to cross the $250 million mark this year. This could also deliver strong share performance across Europe with notable gains in France and Italy. In chocolate revenues rose mid-single digits nearly all due to vol mix. Sales was strong across continental Europe. Milka led the way up double digits behind the successful Easter season and strong marketing efforts. We also gained share in Germany and other key markets. In UK revenue was down modestly as we cycled last year successful Bubbly launch. Coffee revenues declined mid to high single digits due to significantly lower coffee pricing. In addition to the impact of lower prices roast and ground volume also fell due to the timing of some promotional activities. That said (inaudible) grew nearly 30% behind significant marketing support and revenue for Millicano soluble coffee rose 35%. Gum and candy revenues decreased high single digits, nearly all of that was due to poor performance in gum. The gum category continues to decline across Europe. Unfortunately our share performance was also soft as competitors stepped up promotional activity and private label gain share in Southern Europe. Were just beginning to implement some of the government issues here that have been successful elsewhere in the world. In candy, Halls grew double digits and Indulgent Candy did well. But overall candy revenues were down slightly as we continue to deemphasize lower margin skews. In North America organic revenues increased 2.4% with a good balance of 1.5 point pricing and 9/10 of a point from vol mix. Strong performance in biscuits drove solid growth across the region. In the U.S. biscuits through mid-single digits for the 7th quarter in a row as our focus DFC sales force continued to increase distribution points. As a result we gained 80 basis points of share in biscuits year to date. There were several stars among our U.S. power brands in the quarter. Chips Ahoy! was up high teens behind increased distribution, improved velocity and innovation, belVita also continued it's strong performance up low teens. Honey Maid and Triscuit each delivered strong growth driven by innovation and solid performance in the base business and Oreo generated double digit growth despite lacking strong performance a year ago related to the brands 100th birthday. U.S. gum and candy fell about 10% overall due to gum weakness. As Irene mentioned gum was down sharply as a decline in the category accelerated. Finally our Canada business stabilized in the first quarter. It was up low single digits as we resolve the sales disruptions resulting from the spend. Turning now to profits, adjusted gross profit on a constant currency basis increased 3.9% in the first quarter. This was driven by strong vol mix change. In addition we were able to fully offset higher input cost through pricing. Gains were broad based as adjusted gross profit a constant currency increased in each region, this provided the fuel for growth investments. Adjusted growth margin was flat to the prior year at 37.2%. Adjusted operating income on a constant currency basis was down 4% this was largely due to cycling the net benefit of onetime items in the prior year. Excluding this impact adjusted OI constant currency was only down modestly. As a Irene noted earlier we reinvested our higher growth profit to fortify and expand our position in emerging markets. Adjusted operating income margin was 10.3% in the quarter, the decline of a 160 basis points reflects 60 points from the devaluation of net monetary assets in Venezuela, 40 points from cycling the prior year one-time items, and the balance from a variety of factors including the increased investment in growth initiatives. Turning now to earnings per share, diluted EPS was $0.32 and operating EPS was $0.34, up nearly 10%. On a constant currency basis, operating EPS, it was up more than 20%. Step up investments in growth initiatives resulted in a $0.01 decline to operating earnings. Cycling the net impact of the prior year one-time items was also a $0.01 drag. As a result, the increase in operating EPS was attributable to a positive impact of $0.09 from lower taxes, although $0.07 of which is from discrete items. Turning to our 2013 guidance, on the top line we continued to expect organic net revenue growth at the low end of our long-term 5% to 7% guidance. As we have outlined previously, we expect growth in the first half to be around 3.5%. Similar to Q1, lower copper prices and capacity constraints will continue temper growth in the second quarter. However, we expect revenue growth to accelerate in the back half of the year as we begin to cycle the impact of lower cost of pricing in the third quarter and as new capacity comes on mid year. We increased our operating EPS outlook to $1.55 to $1.60. This represents an increase of $0.03 from our previous guidance as we flow through the fund cap of the $0.07 tax benefit from discrete items. Since its still early in the year and considering the volatility in many of our markets, we are holding the other half in reserve at this time. Let me make one last point on our EPS outlook. As you may recall, this range reflects average 2012 foreign exchange rates as well as an estimated negative $0.04 impact from the devaluation of the Venezuelan bolivar. Of course, current rates will vary from the average 2012 rates that our operating EPS guidance uses. Based on current impacts recorded to-date and spot rates as of April 30, our EPS would be about $0.03 lower than the $1.55 to $1.50 guidance. We will continue to provide you with ForEx sensitivity as the year unfolds. With that, let me now turn the call back to Irene for some concluding remarks.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Dave. Most of our results were in line with expectations were certainly satisfied with our revenue growth this quarter, but the underlying fundamentals of our business are solid. Our emerging markets continue to improve sequentially. Vol mix change and power brands drove high quality top line growth. Our biscuits, chocolate, and candy categories continued to pose strong revenue in share, unadjusted gross profit through globally enabling us to step up our investments in emerging markets. We will continue to build on this momentum as our growth accelerates in the back half of the year. Now, we would be happy to your questions.
Operator: The flow is now open for your options. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Good afternoon everybody.
Irene Rosenfeld: Hi Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: I guess my first question is I realize you invested back much of the discrete tax benefit in the quarter to drive top line growth and that accounted for some of the EBIT shortfall I guess versus where sort of many investor models were? I guess my question is regarding that the balance between operating profit and top line growth and whether I guess the two pin codes exist going forward given the Street view that there is significant margin opportunity to be had or perhaps today they prove mutually exclusive just for some period of time until you get the top line moving to where you waned to be?
Irene Rosenfeld: There is a couple of questions in there, Andrew. Let me start by saying the money that we have reinvested in our emerging markets is from operating earnings, it is not from the tax benefits. We have not reinvested that money if they have mentioned we dropped pathway to the bottom line and we are holding the balancing reserve just early in the year where we want to make sure that we keep our powder dry, but most importantly, as you asked this question about the balance between margin and growth and top line growth, I am asking first of all to not overreact with single quarter, especially given the strong margin performance we had last year, if you recall we grew about 70 basis. We certainly can expand margin and drive top tier growth. We have done it in the past and in fact our long term guidance assumes that were going to do it in the future. But the race is clearly on for us and on our competitors to fortify and expand our positions in these fast growing and highly contested emerging markets and so we have chosen to reinvest some of the upside that we have got in the EU and North America to strengthen our position in these emerging markets and stage our future sustainable growth. I want to remind you though that these investments are all built into our guidance and were still in that guidance calling for a double digit increase in operating EPS. So net-net there does not need to be a trade-off, there does need to be a balance and I think were striking the appropriate balance.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Thank you and then just last one, the increase reinvestment that youre doing I assume thats meant to be part of the on-going base, going forward as opposed to sort of a onetime increase in investment. Im just thinking about next year as you lap some of this higher spending and then what I guess potentially could also be a higher tax rate how that flows into 14?
Dave Brearton: Yes it is part of a base, again I wouldnt overreact to one quarter. We have given guidance on the year of a $1.55 to a $1.60, we kept to that range we are going to need to see significant progress in our OI. Obviously quarter one isn't typical of the year for a lot of reasons we talked about but were on track with the guidance we gave for the year, so the investments were already assumed within that guidance and I think the key really is you need to see the revenue growth pick up at the back half, so if we deliver that top-line guidance at the back-half and then that will drop to the bottom but this isn't a one time or where you need to worry about as you look at 2014.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: I just wanted to follow-up first on Andrews question regarding the tax rate going forward, Dave can you just give us an update on where we stand for full year tax rate guidance and then given that the realization of onetime items seem have set the bar fairly low this year. As we think forward to 2014, 2015 and what you would consider normalized tax rate, how should we think about the risk that this could potentially impact your ability to constant currency EPS targets over the next year or two.
Dave Brearton: Okay as we said were $0.09 favorable in the quarter but seven of that was from discreet items the other two sets was the base tax and that was already built in the guidance. So that $0.07 is favorable in the year and that would drop our tax rate from around 20% to sort of the high side to mid-teens within that mid-teens range and we would expect if I sit here today for that to drop sort on in the year. So youre right we have a lower tax rate this year that we originally anticipated. As we look into the next year, we have given you a long term tax rate of 25% and thats nothing more than the mathematical average of the statutory tax rate throughout the globe, thats still the right long term tax rate but I think as were working through the impacts of the spend and how our capital structure will evolve with that over time and we unwind somethings, it's going to take us two or three years to get there. So I think Im looking as I sit here today a 2014 probably being closer to the 20% we are originally targeting this year. So there will be a headwind but it's not going to be big as youre probably worried about and it's probably going to be at that 20% rate plus or minus the points or two for the next two or three years before we start to see it migrate up to that 25%. So I hope that helps.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Thanks Dave and then sorry just kind of phasing of first half sales growth, can you help us think a little bit more about any discreet impacts that would weigh on second quarter organic sales growth because your guidance seems to imply stronger organic sales in the first quarter versus the second quarter despite having a much tougher prior year comparison. Are there any other factors besides what you called out explicitly in the presentation?
Irene Rosenfeld: In fact we actually have a easier comp in the back half if you look at the year ago base but I think there are a couple of ways to think about it, if you exclude the coffee and capacity constraints that we talked about were already in the mid-five and so were quite comfortable that the underlying business and I talk a lot about the underlying quality of our results. Were quite comfortable that the underlying quality of our business is quite strong and we feel quite confident about the back half of the year. We have got the solid underlying moment driven by good share performance, solid volume mix performance, strong performance, solid volume mix performance, strong performance of our power brands. Our categories continue to grow. We will be lapping the coffee pricing. Our new production capacity will come on stream. And then as I mentioned of course we have got low comps in the back half of the year. So, net-net, we are quite confident that the back half will accelerate and that we will deliver the guidance at the low end of the 5% to 7% range for the full year.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks Irene. And I apologize, one very quick clarification. For the first quarter was there any Easter timing benefit that would have resulted in  that would have flattered the rate of organic sales growth?
Dave Brearton: Not really, because Easter was really early last year, it was a little earlier this year, but given the time that we have to shift to our customers it really didnt move any volume into Q1. As you look into 2014, you will see a shift between quarter one and quarter two as it goes back to normal timing, but this year versus last year not really. We had a big plus last year, this year its kind of neutral.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks again everyone.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Good evening everyone. You made a reference to potential volatility in global markets as one of the reasons that you wanted to keep your powder dry with the guidance for this year. Could you maybe talk a little bit about where your biggest concerns are around that and has that got worse over the course of the last couple of months?
Dave Brearton: There is nothing really specific. I mean, the reason we kept half of it in reserve is basically because its only quarter one. And we are a global company. We operate in a lot of markets, where there is a lot going on. We are in Nigeria, Egypt, all parts of the GCC, Argentina, Venezuela, these are all sizable businesses, which we are doing very well in but stuff could happen. So, I mean, its not a specific risk. Frankly, even on the tax line, we had discrete items go in our favor. We could have discrete items go against us. So, its more a question of just being prudent. At this point in the year, there is nothing specific that I would call out and worry about. Its just being prudent given we are really only talking about the first quarter right now.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Thank you. And then maybe as a follow-up, you mentioned that India managed to grow low double-digits despite the capacity constraints in chocolate, was that driven by Oreos and Tang and they are launched I guess almost a couple of years ago now. Does that mean that India is almost $1 billion business now that those new businesses or new product launches have hit our run rate of about $100 million also, just want to make sure I got the math right on that?
Irene Rosenfeld: Actually no, Alexia, the bulk of our growth in India was driven by chocolate. As Dave mentioned, we took a number of steps. We are short on capacity, but we took a number of steps to stretch the capacity that we have got and we are continuing to push as we bring that capacity on stream for the back half of the year. We have high expectations for Oreo in India, but frankly, thats still a very small business and we will see that play out as the year progresses and then into next year.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thank you very much.
Irene Rosenfeld: Okay.
David Brearton: Its about an $800 million business right now. So, its in that range. While we have been growing nicely, the currency has been moving against us, so it has naturally moved much in reported U.S. dollars.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Got you. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from (indiscernible) of Jeffries.
Unidentified Analyst: Good evening. Irene, I am a little bit surprised that gum continues to drive down results in developed markets, I understand its structurally challenged category, but at what point  and you only expect improvement two, three years from now, but at what point do you expect at least stabilization?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, as I mentioned, we are not taking this sitting down. We continue to test the number of initiatives and we got a number of ideas out in the marketplace. I mentioned the areas that we are focused on price size architecture, hard hitting advertising focused on more functional benefits like oral care. We are making great progress in driving placement of high-impact displays in markets like Japan, for example. We have got about 13,000 convenience stores that now have countertop displays and we are seeing a 20% to 25% uplift there. And lastly the most important action is getting the right product assortment at retail. And as I mentioned thats an area that we have been focused on. It does depend on when our customers reset their shelves. But we are starting to see some early signs of success and as we look at markets like the U.S., for example, you will not have seen the April shares yet, but when you see them you will see where our share is up about almost 2 points. So, we are starting to see some impact from these actions. I have great confidence that they will start to turn the tide, but most importantly, I want to make it clear that said a couple of times that we are not counting on that turnaround in the guidance that we have given.
Unidentified Analyst: And then maybe if I can ask one more question you mentioned capacity constraints in several markets and two quarters to go we had pricing issues and markets like Russia and Brazil. Do you feel like at least in some markets you have a management issue.
Irene Rosenfeld: No I think we talked about the fact that we were slow to respond in Russia and Im quite pleased with the turnaround that we have now seen in the Russian market and we talked about those results, they are quite strong if you look at them in aggregate it's only up about 2% but it's quite a sequential improvement from where we were and underneath that very strong volume mix and response to the initiatives that we have put in there and so I feel quite comfortable with the teams that we have got, we have some capacity issues and as I mentioned (inaudible) these capacity issues you might say how could you not have known but before we bought Cadbury in the effort example it was growing about 10%, we increased our marketing support, we saw it roll 20% - 30% and by the time we finished our programming it was growing 40% and so despite our most aggressive assumptions about growth in markets like India we just underestimated it. Were on track to bring that new capacity on stream, mid-year into the back half of the year but it's one of those nice problems to have and as we said the major impact, the major dampening impact on our first half results is coffee pricing. So yes capacity plays an impact but the major effect has been coffee pricing and a decline that we have taken there in response to the input cost.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: First question just Dave on the Venezuela, the currency hitting Venezuela, is it a write-down of just cash that was sitting on the bank, just whats the nature of sort of the hit that you took in the P&L?
Dave Brearton: Yes thats part of it, I mean there is really three pieces to the Venezuela impact two of them we called out the currency impact one of them we are just saying is regular operating. So, the net monetary assets as you rightly state we are on hyperinflation accounting as is everybody else. So we have to write those down and that was written down and we are calling that part of that $0.04 impact and obviously the Venezuelan bolivar earnings we make get translated back at a less favorable exchange rate so thats the second, so those are both in the $0.04. There is other impacts around the input cost just went up a lot based on the currency shift, so it cost a lot more to bring stuff into the country. We have got a price with some liquidity problems with customers, were having to push through stuff, all of that is just regular operating and were covering that because it's regular part of our business. So the pieces that are in the $0.04 I really just go to the write-down and the dollar translation.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And so as we kind of model it going forward assuming that there wasnt another devaluation like the level of impact should lessen as we go through the rest of the year?
Dave Brearton: Yes in fact those two items really should be, the biggest chunk was the non-monetary asset write-down and that is onetime item so the translation is much lesser than impact.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then I guess just one another question and maybe it's a follow-up to Andrews question Irene but I think there has been a lot written in the last six weeks about kind of what Mondelez should do in the future and whether it's merge with Frito Lay or focus more on margin expansion and there has been quite a bit of scrutiny just on what are the level of overhead that Mondelez is too high, you know certainly youre investing more right now and actually trying to build out infrastructure and markets where it sounds like it's pretty competitive to get the rate of investment or get the investments ahead of your competitor. So can you just talk to that topic you know kind of how you feel about the strategy you have now, the goals you have now? Why they are the right ones? And just kind to talk to this debate I guess thats going on in the market.
Irene Rosenfeld: There is no question of profits shattered out there and Im not going to comment on the shatter but what I will tell you is we have created a very unique business with tremendous opportunities for growth as we watch consumer demand for snacks growing at a very healthy rate around the world, and we capitalize on our strong positions, especially in these emerging markets. Again, one of the premises for the split of our company was the opportunity to focus on snacking and to leverage our position in these emerging markets. We are driving shareholder returns, we will drive shareholder returns by focusing on top-tier revenue and EPS growth, but that does not preclude margin expansion. So, we will continue to see top and bottom line growth, while at the same time we will see margin expansion. As we said before, the margin opportunities are clearly bigger in North America and Europe and we are going to take some of that money to go drop some of that to the bottom line and we will take some of that to reinvest, but all of that investment is captured in our guidance that we have given, and it will still enable us to deliver double-digit EPS growth. We do believe though that these emerging markets that the time is now to make sure that we fortify our positions in these rapidly growing markets and thats why we are chosen to do that.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Has that urgency to step up the investment in emerging markets intensified at all over the last year?
Irene Rosenfeld: No, in fact I would say it was one of the main reasons for excluding the company. It was our opportunity to focus exclusively on using that opportunity to expand our position. So, it was very much a part of our overall thesis. It will pay dividends. I know it is challenging to see the impact of these investments at this point, because of some of the headwinds we have talked about. But you will start to see it play through in the back half of the year and it certainly will play through in the sustainable growth that we will generate.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good evening everybody.
Dave Brearton: Hi Eric.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Couple of questions I guess following up on Bryans point, I think on the devaluation isnt it most of the time that companies will take the write-down of the assets and the hyperinflation into something like between operating income and pretax as opposed to the segment. It appears that you are putting the full impact into the segment, is that accurate?
Dave Brearton: Yeah, I think it is accurate. We called it the currency impact and I think that is consistent with what I have seen other companies do, but we did leave it within the Latin America segment. And thats why you see the operating income margin, because on a reported basis, its within operating income and it shows there as a significant write-down. So, yes, its in that segment.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: So, is there other devaluation such as Argentina that are material thats also going to run through your segment line as opposed to after EBIT?
Dave Brearton: Yeah, it would flow through the segment line. Venezuela is the only material country thats on hyperinflation. So, the write-down of net monetary assets really is the unique Venezuela issue unless inflation gets high enough in places like Argentina to get us in the hyperinflation, but as of today, we are still at normal accounting.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And the next question I think Dave you said that there was a 50 basis point drag due to a lack of capacity I guess focused in EM, and that was less than you expected, is that accurate?
Dave Brearton: Yeah, yeah, back in CAGNY, we had estimated that the capacity constraints would tamper our growth by up to a full point. Its down to about half a point mostly because we have spent a lot of effort with the supply chain folks. Stretching the capacity getting some efficiencies and de-bottlenecking, but also frankly only selling the skews that matter and really focusing on fewer skews and fewer changeovers. So, that help us stretch it out and got the impact down to about half a point. As Irene mentioned, we would expect even that impact to disappear in the back half of the year, because we have got the new lines coming on. We have got some comments stepping up, and we would expect that impact to disappear for the back half.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: So, to get to the second half acceleration, which arguably has to be sales growth of, lets call it, 6%, 7%, the drag has to go obviously from not being a drag to a contribution. So, could you kind of give a sense as to how much capacity is actually being added that will, lets say, bridge the gap versus to get to such a fast growth rate, like if you shift to consumption, how much is that going to really add?
Dave Brearton: Yes, if we shift to consumption, it really is only that half point. We are going to be putting in more capacity, because frankly we want to get ahead of it, and thats why we talked about in CAGNY were going to step up our capital expenditures closure to the 5% revenue for the next couple of years. So were going to try to get in front of it but adding more capacity cant help me so thats where the consumption. So we will get the half point back. I think as you get into the back half I mean there is few things to think about, the coffee headwind was 1.3 points this quarter and probably similar next quarter thats going to disappear in the back half. The capacity is half a point thats going to disappear in the back half. If you added those on along youre already up to mid-five and on top of that we got good underlying share momentum, it's probably the best we have seen in years, vol mix is very strong, categories are growing, a little less than historically but still very strong growth in our categories and frankly we have pretty easy comp periods in the back half as well. So to add all that together getting to that six to seven range were pretty confident.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay and then on the guidance so are you saying that with currency where it is today even I guess including currency of a $0.03 headwind did also including the benefit of the taxes assuming you spent back half that youre not actually changing guidance?
Dave Brearton: Well we have gone through a mechanism of giving you guidance on a constant current basis of the entire year average rates and Im giving you sensitivity around that. We did increase that constant currency guidance by $0.03 to the taxes and passing through half of that discreet benefit thats true, it is a total coincidence but today I spot currency would be a $0.03 headwind and would bring us back down that $0.03 but I think it's only May 7, so I won't overreact to the currency markets. They will be what they will be and will give you a sensitivity every quarter as to how that stands as we get closer to the end of the year we will be able to lock in at a firm number but we will give you a constant currency guidance and we will give you a sensitivity every quarter based on where we sit today.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay and then last question I apologize Irene, you know obviously you know at least in China bid market Mars has something like 40% to 50% of the chocolate market over there, lot of other players fighting it out. Youre trying to be aggressive by getting your fair share as quickly as possible. But why shouldnt be concerned that those were fighting it out are going to struggle with returns I mean Hershey has already kind of backed off a little bit on their long term assumptions about operating margins in their emerging markets. So I guess why isn't going to be a pretty big challenge for all these chocolate players to try to capture profitability in the market?
Irene Rosenfeld: Were not in chocolate in China, so our category participation in China is primarily biscuits and then we have overweighed gum and as I talked earlier we feel very good about the biscuit performance, we continue to have the number one biscuits in the country and Oreo growth continues to be very solid and biscuit grew double digit in the first quarter, our overall China business is about a $1 billion it grew about 20% and the incremental benefit there came from gum. As you recall last August we launched Stride gum in China. China is the second largest gum market in the world, it's growing 16% annually and every time I see talking about challenges in gum it's in the developed markets, developing markets are growing at quite healthy rate and China is one of them and I would say our early results we feel quite good about our early results, we have got a share about 5% share and it's certainly performing consistent with our expectations and we view this entry as very complimentary to our biscuit business because in effect were basically putting gums on top of the biscuit infrastructure. So we feel quite good about the performance of our business in China today, we continue to make investments in route to market, in expanding our participating in the Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities investing in more in the traditional trade all of which have very attractive paybacks because our gross margins in China are quite good, in fact they are among the highest in the world. So China is a strong market for us, it has performed well. We have every confidence it will continue to perform well and we will invest behind that growth to fuel the overall momentum.
Dave Brearton: Hey guys let me just step in here, we can just keep the number of questions like 1 or 1.5 per person, wouldnt try to get to everybody as much as we can. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Hi, good afternoon and good evening. Just had a question for you, in the quarter, were your input costs favorable to the gross margin? So, were input costs actually deflationary in the quarter overall? I am guessing with coffee being down, there was a big driver, I am just curious overall?
Dave Brearton: No. Actually, our input cost overall were up about 1%, so pretty small, and coffee is the reason they were small. Within our input cost, commodities are clearly one of the drivers but as the global company now actually bigger driver is currency rates and the cost of cost to bring materials into the individual markets where we sell, and a lot of other minor raw materials that we buy locally. So, commodity costs, they are by far not our biggest piece. If I looked at those, you are right, they are slightly down, but the overall aggregate input cost was up about 1%, probably the lowest inflation we have seen in quite a while, but it was a slight increase.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Okay. And then I just had a quick follow-on question to that. Are you seeing markets where its getting more promotional in some of your categories, and also kind of pushing towards gum, is that a category where you also are getting more promotional even sequentially to try and turn that category around?
Dave Brearton: Yeah, I dont think we are seeing a material change in the promotional activity. Markets have been kind of in the 1st of June state in the developed world for quite a while. And we have maintained our discipline; I think most of the food industry did. Gum, there has been more promotion. We talked about that in Europe and we are responding to that, but thats really more of an isolated circumstance. I would not say promotional intensity has increased at this stage.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Hi, good afternoon. To follow-up on Matt Graingers question, I think he was asking about the second quarter, not necessarily the second half, and I am curious about this too. I am still not sure I understand. To get to your guidance of 3.5% organic growth in the first half, you have to put out a lower organic growth number in 2Q than 1Q. And I guess I am not sure why that is, right. You have a much easier comparison. There is no change in the coffee impact. There is no Easter issue. So, again, maybe you have talked about this, but are there some headwinds I am not necessarily thinking about that hit your top line this current period?
Dave Brearton: I think we are talking about 20 to 30 basis points gap. So, I mean simplistically, we gave you guidance of 3.5% for the first half. 3.8% is above that, but not materially above that. We left the guidance for the first half at 3.5%, I wouldnt over-think it.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Alright. It implies 3.2%, then some people would call that meaningful, but I will move on. As you look at your  Dave, as you look at your weighted average interest rate, its high versus the group, right. It's the second highest of any company that covering. You have talked in the past about a lot of your debt being non-callable, and of course, the high cash cost associated with restructuring that debt and I understand that. I guess, I am just curious if maybe you can update us on your current thoughts and whether they have changed at all regarding  at least on the outside seems it to be arguably a less than optimal debt structure?
Dave Brearton: Yes, the interest costs are very high. I mean, all of that debt was taken out really for the Danone acquisition and the Cadbury acquisition. So, they were taken out at a time at the time when (indiscernible) was reasonable and today it looks high. We paid off some debt in February as we have scheduled. We said we would pay-off the February debt thats done. We said we would pay off the May debt. There is a $1 billion coming due actually tomorrow. So, that we paid off. And that will give us down to about sort of $17.5 billion debt level that we said was kind of our equilibrium. There is another $1.8 billion that is due in October. And we are obviously evaluating options for that. As you think about tenders or other things that we would buyback some of that high cost debt, the reality is its pay me now or pay me later. I could buy it back, but I am going to have to pay the bondholders, the net present value of that high interest cost. So, the criteria I have established with my treasury group is it needs to be net present value positive for it to be worth a while to do with that buyback, and that means that it continues to be the criteria. That doesnt mean we wont do it, it doesnt mean we will but thats the test that will continue to apply. And yeah, we havent executed a tender so far, but if we decide that the economics actually work in our favor at some point, we will move forward.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Well, I appreciate that and I will let it go in one second, I would just suggest that perhaps shareholders should come first right? Stockholders come before, bondholders in this kind of situation and if you can drive your EPS significantly higher by paying down some or by restructuring some debt which you probably could and we would exclude the expenses as non-recurring on at least from our vantage point if you can get your stock higher and do an awful lot of things with that in terms of acquisitions and so forth, just my friendly $0.02 there.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer  UBS: I would love to dig into the puts and takes in the quarter with regard to margins. It sounds like global chocolate and biscuits had a solid revenue quarter with relatively higher margin power brands doing significantly better than those categories and you mentioned that the overall inflation of your inputs about 1%. Obviously gum was weak and thats a high margin business and you had a tougher margin comparison this quarter but is there any more detail you can give us with regard to margin drags or reinvestments that happen in the quarter that seem to offset this other areas that would speak to tail winds. Thanks.
Dave Brearton: I guess that type of thing wouldnt overreact to margins at single quarter and particularly to this quarter had a lot of noise in it. We came off the year when we grew margins by 70 basis points we had a very strong year and I think this year in total we still expect to have a good year. At start and look at our margins, our gross margins were flat and at 37.2% and you rightly point out gum actually hit us within that because gum is a higher margin product by about 50 basis points. We also have the price adjustments we made in Eastern Europe and Russia that is as well and we covered that. But continue to be pretty discipline around pricing and input cost and productivity and the rest of the world. So the flat margin really is a decline in a couple of situations but overall continued progress on gross margins. The reason the OI margin was down was as I said on the call it was the Venezuelan bolivar with a onetime impact this year it was prior year items that kind of setup in artificially high base support (inaudible) that we talked about last year. It was this synergies, we haven't talked about the synergies much but we said we had $200 million of the synergies coming out of the spin and we said we would eliminate half of that this year which we will but inevitably the savings are going to come out more towards the back half and the full impact of those synergies hit us in the first quarter and it was the investments in emerging markets that we talked about in A&C and sales and route to market. So those are kind of the drivers, as I look at bucket of events were holding gross margins despite some headwinds and we would expect to continue to do that. We will continue to invest in our emerging market growth, the dis-synergies will disappear so were on track to hit our total year guidance and Im not worried about the first quarter, I know it looks bad on paper and it is in isolation, it clearly is but I think you will see that margin pick up more in the back half less over in the second quarter but I think the back half margins will improve significantly and you will see that in delivery of the full year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: On gross margins you said price growth of around 1.3, inflation of 1, mathematically that alone should have given you some margin expansion adding volume leverage and then your productivity. Mathematically we should have seen much better gross margins. I think you gave 50 basis points offset on gum weakness, can you help illuminate us to what the other offsets were?
Dave Brearton: Yes the other two big offsets would be the coffee and chocolate pricing adjustment we did in Western and Eastern Europe and it would also be the Argentinian price controls, where inflation is running significantly higher than the price controls right now. We haven't been able to take any pricing this year. Those will be the two biggest offsets plus the gum.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: So the coffee it's not included in your inflation and price numbers for the overall company?
Dave Brearton: The coffee pricing were managing fairly well so coffee pricing is down, coffee margins are okay.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: And this is my other half question, you gave A&C of 9.6% of revenue for this quarter, what was it last year?
Dave Brearton: 9.4.
Operator: Your final question comes from David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll  Citi: Great. Thank you for getting me in there, feel like I got into the wire although its past the hour. I want to make one clarification. When you guys were saying that OI was in line with your expectation and it allowed the SG&A reinvestment, at least I think I have that correct. And then this tax benefit, the zero tax paid in the quarter you are saying that, thats not the reason for the SG&A investment that this is outside of that and then you are talking about part of this then gets contributed to the guidance race, did I say that about right?
Dave Brearton: Yeah, you do. Again, we gave full year guidance, and on a full-year basis, we expect our EPS to be $1.55 to $1.60 and that will be well into double-digit EPS growth. Within that, we have got the tax benefit that we dropped $0.02 to $0.03 and we have got OI thats going to have to grow. So, we gave a full year estimate on OI growth and our top line behind that. It is going to require margin improvement. We never gave you operating margin guidance for quarter one. So, quarter one was in line with what we would expect internally. We knew about the one-time hits we have, and we knew about the investments we will be making all through the year, but the fact that those will hit us more in the first quarter, because we dont have that revenue leverage yet. And so its more about as we go through the year, we get the top line growth accelerating. That will translate into leverage down through the P&L. You will see that margin gain come through. And so thats why the quarter one margin in isolation is not great. And its certainly below what you guys would have expected. It is part of a full year guidance and there is nothing in there that should it will be concerned about the full year. It really consistent with the guidance we gave back in February.
David Driscoll - Citi: Very helpful. On China, the 20% growth is pretty encouraging do you think that type of growth rate can be sustained throughout the remaining quarters of the year?
Irene Rosenfeld: Simple answer is yes, David, I mean probably not exactly at 20%, but we have been growing healthily at those rates for the last couple of years. And I have every expectation. We have got good category growth. We are in good categories in the country. I talked about the performance of both biscuits and gum. We feel we think its very strong performance there. We have seen some slowdown in GDP, but it has not disproportionately affected our categories. Even biscuit when it slowed down grew at a healthy 11% rate over the last 52 weeks. So, our share performance continues to be strong. We have got strong brands in both our biscuits and in our gum portfolios, and we continue to make investments as I mentioned in marketing support, in route to market as well as in broadening our distribution base. So, I feel quite confident about the future and the fact that China will continue to be a key contributor to our overall growth rate.
David Driscoll - Citi: Thats terrific. Can I switch over to just two final questions? One, there are two good ones, they are really good ones, the new products, we dont hear from you guys about like new products as a percentage of revenues and this I think is a key metric that you look at internally. Can you update us on your thoughts on new products as a percent of revenues? And the final question is Dave, maybe you can just give us some understanding as to whats the holdup with the arbitration proceedings with Starbucks, hasnt it been like 10 or 11 months since we have gone through this thing and why arent we getting a verdict?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, Ill let Dave answer that one and I will come back to your question about innovation.
Dave Brearton: Yeah, on Starbucks we remain pretty confident in our case. We are looking forward to the verdict as much as you are, probably more than you are. There is really nothing new since our last call. We are awaiting the decision. You are correct the arbitration hearing is finished in August of last year, but there is no specific timing. Its really at the discretion of the arbiter. So, we are pretty confident in the outcome. We are pretty confident in the merits of our case, but we cant (indiscernible).
Irene Rosenfeld: With respect to innovation, David, we feel pretty good about the performance of our innovation, particularly our global platforms, it represents about 12% or 13% of revenue, and we believe thats quite high relative to peers and the drivers of that within each of the categories are the platform innovations behind each of our power brands. And so as I talked about the performance of power brands and I talked about Cadbury Dairy Milk or Milka growth, its coming because of products like Bubbly. When I talk about biscuit growth, its coming from Oreo and belVita, for example. And when we talk about our gum growth we are seeing continued improvement as we focus our Trident franchise on breathe freshening. So, thats the source of this innovation. It is an important contributor to our overall top line growth and we have seen continued strength in our performance.
Dexter Congbalay: Thanks everybody. If you have follow-up questions obviously give myself or Nick a call. and we will talk to you later. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-13 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Dexter Congbalay - VP, IR  Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO David Brearton - CFO
Analysts: Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Andrew Lazar - Barclays Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Jason English - Goldman Sachs  Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein  Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley David Driscoll - Citi Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank David Palmer - UBS Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolas
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Mondelez Internationals fourth quarter 2012 year-end earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] Id now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dexter Congbalay, vice president, investor relations, for Mondelez International. Please go ahead sir. 
Dexter Congbalay: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Were making are Irene Rosenfeld, our chairman and CEO, and Dave Brearton, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release. This release, and todays slides are available on our website, www.mondelezinternational.com.  As you know, during this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Dexter. Good afternoon. As you know, 2012 was a transformational year for our company. During the first nine months, we intensely prepared for the spinoff of our North American grocery business. The separation into two world-class companies was a massive undertaking, culminating in the successful launch of both Mondelez International and Kraft Foods Group on October 1, and a significant increase in shareholder value. We executed the spin will delivering solid results on both the top and bottom lines. For the full year, organic revenue increased 4.4%. Thats lower than our long term target, reflecting second half coffee price declines and the temporary issues we discussed in the third quarter. And, as expected, fourth quarter trends improved significantly, setting us up to deliver 2013 revenue growth in line with our guidance. We also staged 2013 on the bottom line, delivering high-quality earnings growth and solid margin expansion.  Specifically, we fully recovered higher input costs for pricing, we significantly increased the contribution of volume mix, and we delivered strong productivity. As a result, we expanded gross margin by 70 basis points. This provided the fuel for substantial increase in advertising and consumer support to drive strong growth in our power brands and to take advantage of white space opportunities.  We held overhead flat on a constant currency basis, despite significant investments in sales. And even with these investments in A&C and sales, we increased adjusted operating income by more than 7% on a constant currency basis, and expanded our adjusted operating income margin by 70 basis points. Thats the virtuous cycle at work: focusing on our power brands and core categories to drive the top line, expanding gross margins, leveraging overheads, and reinvesting savings to drive future growth.  Turning to the fourth quarter, organic revenue increased 3.7%. Revenue growth, while below our long term target, was largely in line with our expectations, with strong volume mix supported by sequential improvements in Brazil and Russia. This was partially offset by lower coffee pricing, which tempered growth by more than half a percentage point. Developing markets grew 7.6%, which is in line with the high single digit guidance we provided three months ago. In Europe, our team delivered another quarter of strong volume mix gains, despite a challenging economic environment. And in North America, the benefit of our focused, direct store delivery sales force drove another strong quarter of growth in our U.S. biscuit business. Power brands continue to drive our top line, and were up nearly twice the rate of the companys overall growth. In fact, power brands were up 8% for the year. Specifically with the exception of gum and candy, our power brands are growing at rates that are at or above our long term growth targets. Lets take a closer look at the performance of each of our core categories. Biscuits revenue grew 7%. The U.S. and Europe were both up mid-single digits, driven by strong innovation and a focus behind power brands. In developing markets, biscuits increased double digits, led by China and Russia. Our biscuits power brands were up 12%, fueled by Oreo, Velveeta and Barney. Oreo, which crossed the $2 bill revenue mark last year increased mid teens including growth of more than 20% in developing markets. Velveeta, which anchors our sustaining energy platform, grew more than 50%. In fact, Velveeta generated over $400 million in revenue last year as we expanded the platform across Europe and introduced it to new markets such as North America and Australia. Barney, which leads our kids wholesome platform, increased more than 20% as it expanded across eastern and western Europe. Overall, Barney generated nearly $200 million in revenue last year. We're especially proud of our share performance. In 2012, 80% of our biscuit revenue gained or held share. That's a real testament to the strength of our brand to our strong sales and marketing efforts around the globe. In chocolate, our revenue increased 5%. In developed markets, chocolate was up low-single digits led by strong volume mix growth in Europe. The gains were driven by innovation platforms such as snacks, small bites and bubbly (air rated) chocolate as well as creative programming around the ones in Olympics. In developing markets, chocolate was up high-single digits with strength in EMEA and Brazil as well as in smaller markets such as South Africa, Argentina and Poland. Australia also posted solid growth driven by double digit gains of Cadbury Dairy Milk fueled by successful innovations such as marvelous creations. Our chocolate Power Brands grew 10% led by Cadbury Dairy Milk and Lacta, which were each up low to mid teens. Milka also posted strong growth increasing high single digits. Despite strong performances in biscuits and chocolate, results in gum and candy were disappointing. Revenue was down 2% mostly due to gum. In developed markets, gum was down high-single digits although the rate of decline slowed in the fourth quarter. In developing markets, gum performance was mixed. Brazil and Japan declined, as we discussed in the third quarter, but this was more than offset by strength in several other markets such as Argentina, South Africa and Egypt. Growth was also supported by the successful launch of gum in China last summer. Frankly, I'm disappointed that gum remains a challenge. As we've said before, we attribute roughly 60% of the issue to category declines with about 40% due to share losses. The share losses are clearly fixable. We've already implemented a number of tactical sales and marketing initiatives as well as launched some strong innovation. We're beginning to get some traction and we're confident that these efforts will improve our share in the near term. But the category declines will take longer to fix. We continue to expect the turnaround in gum to take a couple of years before we begin to see a return to the mid-single digit growth. While that's a slower recovery than wed like, let me put our gum business in perspective.  At only 9% of our total revenue, we do not need an immediate turnaround in gum to achieve our 2013 revenue guidance or our long term targets. In contrast to gum, candy, excluding some product pruning in Canada, grew low single digits in 2012, with growth in the U.S. and developing markets. This momentum, together with our share rebound in gum, should help stabilize total category performance in the near term. Finally, in the beverages and cheese and grocery categories, revenue rose 5%, driven by power brand growth of 6%. Coffee was up low single digits, with solid gains in volume mix led by our on-demand Tassimo platform. Coffee pricing, however, was a significant headwind in the back half of the year as we reflected lower green costs.  In powdered beverages, Tang, our newest billion-dollar brand, continued to grow strongly, up low teens. So in sum, we delivered solid revenue growth in 2012, laying the groundwork for a strong 2013. Q4 revenue rebounded from a soft Q3, with significant improvements in both Brazil and Russia, and we expanded both gross and operating income margins while significantly stepping up investments. As we enter 2013, we remain laser-focused on driving our power brands, our global snacking platforms, and our strong routes to market to deliver on the exciting progress of our new growth company. Let me now turn it over to Dave to discuss our fourth quarter and full year results in more detail. 
David Brearton: Thanks, Irene, and good afternoon. As Irene mentioned, we delivered solid top line growth for the year, up 4.4%. Q4 grew 3.7%. While below our long term target, this was largely in line with our expectation of mid single digit growth. Power brands continued to drive our top line, up 7% in the quarter and 8% on the full year.  For the year, adjusted operating income increased more than 7% on a constant currency basis. Higher gross profit fueled the growth, and were partially offset by a high single-digits increase in A&C, largely in support of our power brands.  For the year, A&C as a percentage of net revenue increased 60 basis points to 9.4%. Even with this sharp increase in A&C, we boosted adjusted OI margins by 70 basis points to 12.2%. For the year, operating EPS was $1.39, up about 5% on a constant currency basis. The increase was driven by a strong $0.16 improvement in operating earnings. This were partially offset by an increase in the tax rate from an unusually low base in 2011 as well as a number of one-time items. For the quarter, operating EPS was $0.36. Thats down about 5% on a constant currency basis. Similar to the full year results, the quarter included strong operating earnings growth of about 10%. But this was more than offset by a tax rate increase from the low 2011 base, as well as a number of one-time items incurred in 2012 or the prior year. Lets now take a look at each regions performance. In developing markets, revenue growth accelerated sequentially to 7.6% in Q4. As Irene mentioned, thats in line with our recent guidance of high single-digits for the quarter. Vol mix was strong, contributing 4.4 points of growth, which was the best quarter of the year. Pricing added 3.2 points, but its contribution was tempered by lower coffee pricing in Central and Eastern Europe.  The sequential rebound in growth also translated into better share performance, with more than half of our developing markets revenue gaining or holding share in the quarter. Power brands once again drove growth across these markets, up 13% in the fourth quarter and 12% for the full year. There were several star performers in 2012. Velveeta, Barney, Chips Ahoy, Oreo, Eclairs, and Stride each increased more than 20%, while Cadbury Dairy Milk and Lacta grew mid to high teens. Let's take a closer look at each of the developing market sub regions. In Latin America, organic revenue was up high-single digits and we closed the year on a high note with revenue up low double digits in the fourth quarter. Brazil rebounded in Q4 to mid-single digit growth. Gum remains a challenge as category dynamics remain week and we cycle difficult comparisons from a year ago. But we have terrific performances in chocolate, biscuits and powder beverages led by Lacta, (inaudible) and (Tank). We also continue to expand distribution in the fast growing north, northeast region where we grew mid teens. In Asia Pacific, full-year revenue increased high-single digits. Revenue was up low double digits in the fourth quarter as China and India continued to post strong growth. Our business in China cross the $1 billion threshold in 2012 with growth of 25% for the year. Biscuits grew more than 20% behind continued strength in Oreo. Gum and candy increased more than 60%. This reflects the strong growth of Cadbury Eclairs and the successful launch of Stride gum, which has exceeded expectations since its introduction in the third quarter. Our business in India was up about 20% for both the full year and the fourth quarter. As we've told you before, we are experiencing capacity constraints in India. These will continue until new production lines come onstream in the middle of the year, so growth rates in 2013 are likely to be lower initially and build as the year progresses. In Central and Eastern Europe, organic revenue was essentially flat for Q4 and for the year. In the fourth quarter, all mix was strong but it was largely offset by lower pricing. In Russian, revenue trends improved significantly. In the fourth quarter, revenue declined modestly as lower pricing in coffee and chocolate more than offset all mix gains of about 4%. Biscuits were especially strong, up mid teens in the quarter behind category growth and successful innovation. In the Middle East and Africa, revenue increased low double digits for the year and mid single digits for the fourth quarter. The full year growth rate reflects strong performance in the Gulf region, South Africa and Egypt. Looking ahead, we're especially excited about our new joint venture in the Gulf region announced last month. The transition to the new JV structure will temper our top line growth in Q1 but beginning April 1st we'll see a step up in revenues and higher profits. Turning to profit, 2012 adjusted segment operating income increased 5.2% on a constant currency basis. We grew gross profit by recovering higher input costs for pricing and posting all mix gains. This fueled a double digit increase in A&C support and significant investments in sales capabilities. Adjusted OI margin was essentially flat for the year as overhead leverage generally offset the increase in A&C support. Moving to Europe, we continued to deliver solid results in a difficult economic environment. In fact, this is the 12th consecutive quarter of organic top line growth. Organic revenue increased modestly in the fourth quarter as strong all mix was mostly offset by lower coffee breakthrough. For the year, growth was 2.3%, fueled by gains in all mix. In fact, the consistency of our fall mix gains in Europe is one of the highlights for the 2012 performance. This strength also manifested itself through impressive share performance. In 2012, more than two-thirds of our European revenue gained or held share, a level we sustained throughout the year. Our European Power Brands were up 3% for the quarter and 5% for the year. Let's take a closer look at performance in European task orders. Biscuits had a strong year, up mid single digits led by continued strength in Velveeta, Oreo and our chocolate bakery platform. Our $1 billion (Lou) brand also posted solid growth in France. In addition, biscuits captured higher market share in Europe with notable gains in France, the UK and Germany. Chocolate and coffee also posted strong results for the year, each up low to mid single digits. In chocolate, innovation and strong marketing campaigns behind our Power Brands fueled that growth including mid single digit increases for both Cadbury Dairy Milk and Milka. Last year, we gained or held share in 15 of 17 countries in which we compete, including key markets such as the U.K. and Germany. In coffee, the growth story was drastically different in the front and back halves of the year. Strong price-driven growth in the first half reversed itself in the second half, with coffee prices declining with strong vol mix gains. As we discussed on our last call, we expected coffee revenue growth to be modest in the fourth quarter, due to lower coffee prices, and we expect coffee prices to continue to be a headwind in the first half of 2013, until we cycle the price declines beginning in Q3. Our on-demand coffee platforms continue to deliver excellent growth. Tassimo was up more than 20% for the year, and more than 40% in Q4, behind a significant increase in marketing support. Our new Millicano whole bean instant platform has generated $14 million in revenue, as well as high incremental sales with strong repeat rates.  In contrast, gum and candy declined high single digits in 2012, with gum down sharply. Trends improved somewhat in the fourth quarter, with the introduction of 40 Minutes in France and Spain and Twist in Greece and Portugal.  The category remains challenging due to economic weakness in our key markets as well as aggressive promotional activity by competitors. But, at less than 8% of our European revenue, gum and candys impact on Europes total growth is modest. We remain very pleased with our performance in biscuits, chocolate, and coffee.  Turning to profits, full year adjusted OI increased 5.2% on a constant currency basis last year. Pricing, strong productivity, and volume mix gains drove the improvement. In addition, absolute overhead spending declined mid-single digits on a constant currency basis, fueling a double digit increase in A&C. Adjusted OI growth, however, was tempered somewhat by the negative impact of prior year accounting accounting calendar changes, which more than offset the reversal of an accrual related to the Cadbury acquisition. Adjusted segment OI margin expanded 90 basis points to 13.2%. Higher gross margin and overhead leverage drove the improvement, which was partially offset by the increase in A&C.  Turning to North America, biscuits grew mid-single digits in the U.S., driving top line performance in Q4 and for the full year. As we discussed last quarter, we are seeing the benefits of a DSD sales force focused solely on biscuits. These benefits include more feature and display opportunities, additional facings for new products, and an increase in total distribution points. Momentum picked up in the fourth quarter. Our biscuit power brands increased high single-digits, and Velveeta continued a strong performance. We captured 60 basis points of market share across total biscuits in the quarter, in part due to better in-store merchandising. Gum and candy in the U.S. was flat for the year. However, it improved slightly for the second consecutive quarter. In Q4, gum was down low single digits, as declines in [Base], Stride, and Dentyne offset mid single digit growth in Trident and the successful launch of ID. In candy, Halls increased mid single digits due to innovation and the more severe cold and flu season. Other candy brands were up nearly 10% due to expanded distribution. Canada declined high single-digits in the quarter due to the transition after the spinoff of the North American grocery business. So what happened? Our Canadian operations in the former Kraft Foods North America structure were highly integrated from a sales, systems, and distribution standpoint. The full separation on October 1 resulted in some temporary sales disruption in the quarter, but were confident that the Canadian business will be back on track in Q1.  Despite minimal contribution from gum and candy in Canada, we delivered solid organic revenue growth in North America, driven by our power brands, which were up 6% in the quarter and the year. There were several star performers. Honey Maid and Triscuit each grew double digits last year. Velveeta performed exceptionally well in its first year, generating more than $60 million in revenue. And nearly all the other biscuit power brands posted solid mid single digit growth, including our largest brand, Oreo. Turning to profit, adjusted segment operating income increased 5.1% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted segment OI margin expanded 50 basis points to 14.8%. Similar to our performance in developing markets and Europe, the increase was driven by higher gross margin as we successfully priced away higher input costs and drove strong productivity partially offset by an increase in A&C. Now, let's turn to our outlook. Fundamentally, the factors underlying our previous guidance are unchanged. We continue to expect to deliver organic net revenue growth at the low end of our long-term target 5% to 7%. This is due to three things: lower coffee prices in the first half of the year, the challenging economic environment, and the need to build incremental capacity to support our developing market growth. While we don't expect the global economy to improve anytime soon, the other two factors, coffee pricing and capacity constraints, are really first half challenges. As a result, we expect our growth to be more modest in the first half as we gain steam in the back half of the year. On the bottom line, we're updating our 2013 guidance due to a couple of currency impacts. First, our outlook now reflects average full-year 2012 foreign currency rates. These are about $0.06 favorable versus the rates we used last September. We've provided some of the key 2012 rates in the appendix to this presentation. And second, we've included the expected impact of the devaluation of the Venezuelan bolivar. We have a large and successful business in Venezuela. The 32% devaluation will negatively impact our full year by about $0.04. Therefore, were raising our operating EPS guidance to a range of $1.52 to $1.57, up from our previous range of $1.50 to $1.55. Again, this change is due entirely to currency. Each quarter, well provide you with an update on the potential currency impact to our outlook, based on recent spot rates. As an example, using January 1 rates, our guidance would increase by another $0.02. Our earnings guidance reflects double digit operating EPS on a constant currency basis, which is consistent with our long term growth targets. We expect to drive this strong increase in EPS by delivering high single-digit operating income growth on a constant currency basis, again consistent with our long term targets. Well deliver this operating income with stepped-up investments behind our power brands and other initiatives to drive growth, including enhancing our sales capabilities, broadening our distribution, expanding our innovation platforms globally, and launching our categories into new markets. Below the line, we expect a tax rate in the low 20s. Thats lower than our long term projection of mid-20s, but in line with 2012 tax rates. In summary, our guidance on both the top and bottom line is in line with the outlook we provided last September. Our top line growth will be more modest in the first half, and accelerate as the year progresses. And our bottom line results will continue to be high quality, driven by strong margin gains and sustained by continued investments in our brands. Now Ill turn the call back to Irene for some concluding remarks. 
Irene Rosenfeld : Thanks, Dave. As I said at the start of this call, 2012 was truly a transformational year for our company, and Im excited to continue on our journey as a more focused growth company. As we enter 2013, we have all the ingredients in place for sustainable, profitable growth: a diversified geographic footprint with a significant presence in emerging markets, a focus on faster growing snacks categories, an unrivaled portfolio of beloved power brands and advantaged innovation platforms, and strong momentum from high-quality operating results. With that wind in our sails, we remain very bullish about the future of our business. Now wed be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our first question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. 
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: Theres been a heightened amount of focus, I guess, going into this quarter just about how youd perform relative to expectations. So can you just talk a little bit about, as the quarter unfolded, just what came in line, what was in line or better than expectations and maybe kind of how things mapped out relative to what your original expectations were.
Irene Rosenfeld : Most importantly, we delivered growth that was essentially in line with our mid-single digits guidance. It represented a significant sequential improvement as we had said, in Brazil and Russia. Were quite happy with the quality of the results in each region. We saw solid contributions and significant step ups in the volume mix contribution. Very strong share performances, as Dave mentioned, around the world, and strong growth in our power brands. So net-net, we feel quite good about the overall performance of the quarter. Frankly, the top line was a little lighter than we had expected. We were expecting a growth rate to have a four in front of it. And as we said, the shortfall was largely attributed to the transition issues that we experienced in Canada as we separated what was the most integrated business in our company.  But we feel very good about the quality of our revenue growth. We continue to make the necessary investments in A&C and sales, which will fuel the growth in 2013 and beyond. We feel very good about the overall momentum of the business, and so were quite confident that well deliver our 2013 guidance on both the top and bottom lines.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: If I could follow up, Dave, on SG&A in the quarter. It came in higher than what we were modeling. So I was just trying to get a sense for, did you end up with higher A&C spending than you originally thought in the quarter? And also, are there other moving parts especially related to the transition that affected SG&A? 
David Brearton: We came in pretty much where we expected. Probably a bit higher than you modeled, because of a couple of things. Number one, in the fourth quarter we ended up, at the date of the spin, we had to revalue our pensions. So we actually took about a $0.02 hit on pension costs in the fourth quarter than we were expecting, but you probably wouldnt have anticipated. We also had the synergies kicking in in the fourth quarter. So that was when they really started, and we had said last year that we expected the synergies to be about $235 million for 2013. One quarter of that hit quarter four. So those are probably the two numbers that might not have been in your model.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays:   Just two things from me. I guess first would be you gave a number of reasons for why the organic top line growth would be somewhat tempered in the first half of 13. I was hoping you could help us a little bit with maybe the magnitude of that, or helping us to quantify it. And the reason Im going down this road is things are going to have to accelerate as you talked about, in the back half, to get to five for the year. And Im trying to get a sense of how much of an acceleration in the back half youre going to need to get to five to make it seem like thats a reasonable expectation for us to have. 
David Brearton: I dont want to get into the habit of giving quarterly guidance, but weve guided you to the low end of the five to seven range. Clearly given coffee and some of the capacity constraints, you would expect us to be below that in the first half. So we will be below the low end of five to seven in the first half, which means were going to need to be higher than that in the back half.  And in terms of should you be concerned about the kind of turnaround that requires, no, I dont think so. Because if you actually look at our results this year, we were up around 6% in the first half of the year. So I think weve demonstrated we can grow at the kind of levels well have to grow in the back half of the year. We just need to get through the coffee pricing headwinds and the capacity constraints in front of us right now. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays:   And then in Europe, that was one area where I think you had said on the last call organic top line would be up at a low to mid single digit pace. And it was flattish in the quarter, and you talked about how the volume mix piece was something that you were pretty happy about. So was it that coffee pricing was down more severely than you thought, or volume didnt rebound quite as strongly as you had hoped, as you lapped some of that pricing? Trying to get a sense, because that seemed to be the one area where the organic top line differed most clearly from what you had said last quarter. 
Irene Rosenfeld : Let me just give you a perspective on that, because the reality is the results in developing markets in Europe were pretty much where we thought. The number that youre quoting we said was, North America and Europe, we said would be low single digits. If you look at the individual regions, our developing markets delivered essentially in line with the high single digit guidance we had given. As I said, they were up 7.6%.  Europe delivered essentially in line with our expectation of modest growth. We grew about 0.5, 0.7 in third quarter, and we were essentially flat in this quarter on the top line, consistent with the expectations associated with the coffee price decline.  The real issue and again, the variance versus our expectations, was in North America. We had expected that growth to accelerate from Q3 into Q4, given the strength that we were seeing, particularly on our biscuit business, but the impact of the Canadian transition tempered that growth somewhat, and thats what led us to be a little bit below what we had expected.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays:   And one quick one, when you gave the 5% to 7% organic long term top line growth rate guidance, that I understand is obviously inclusive of everything, and that would be even the vagaries of coffee prices being up or down depending on whats going on with green coffee costs. Im trying to make sure, should we expect more volatility maybe to that 5-7% than maybe Im thinking about, in the way you think about the algorithm based on coffee? Or is it just that there are a number of other things going on that youve talked about, whether it be the challenges broadly in Europe, or in gum, or what have you, that have just made getting to 5% difficult even including these changes in coffee prices?
Irene Rosenfeld : First of all, our long term guidance is 5-7% inclusive. We feel quite comfortable that over time coffee pricing will not be a major factor. As you know, the volatility over this last year, we went from Arabica at about $2.40 a pound all the way down to trending about $1.40 today. So the volatility that we saw was really quite unusual, and really had a profound impact on the first half very strong the second half, which is why it leads to the trends that Dave described. But net-net, we feel quite comfortable that as we get beyond the spin, we get all of the pieces of the enterprise moving properly, we are quite confident that we will be able to deliver 5-7% growth on a consistent basis over the long term. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll - Citi: Wanted to ask just two questions related to input cost expectations in 2013. The first one would relate specifically to chocolate. Dave, can you talk about the input cost environment for the chocolate business? Should we expect reasonably significant deflation as one of the big positives, kind of the wind at the sails at the back of that particular operation? Thats the first question. Second question relates to coffee on commodity inputs for 2013. Some businesses in coffee are pass-through, and really you just dont get the benefit. You guys have described a lot about the top line impacts. I care probably more about the profit impact. I think the Tassimo operation may in fact be much stickier in terms of holding price points while seeing green coffee costs come down, but maybe you can talk us through that a little bit. 
David Brearton: Ill start with the chocolate. I think chocolates like most of our products. There is no individual commodity that is a significant portion of the cost. And we tend to look at the total input cost bucket, which includes cocoa, obviously, and sugar, and various other ingredients. It also is impacted by currency rates, because cocoa is denominated in British pounds for us. Packaging, energy, labor costs, etc. The sort of amalgamation of all of those things we do not see a cost decline in any of our major businesses next year.  We would probably say across the company wed be in the low single digit inflation across all of those components. And our strategy has been, and continues to be, well price to recover those input costs. And well leverage our aggressive productivity programs to grow our gross margin. So thats kind of implicit in the whole cycle, and chocolate will be no different.  In terms of coffee, youre right that a good portion of the coffee business is the roast and ground coffee business, which is a bit of a pass-through category. And we would expect to cover the price increases when costs go up, and we did last year and the year before, and to return a lot of that to the marketplace when costs go down. And again, assuming that has to cover forex and all the other items, that is also likely to be true over time.  But its not going to be abrupt, and I think you should look at coffee really no different than the other categories. The on-demand stuff youre talking about, Tassimo, soluble coffee, etc., that we talk about, it is growing at a higher percentage for our business, and clearly coffee is a lower percentage of those costs than it is on roast and grounds. So youll see less dramatic swings over time. But again, that will be in the pricing line. On the OI line, we price to recover costs, and the opportunity to make huge money on the way up or down really isnt there in most of that business. We really view it as managing our margins as part of the overall strategy. 
Irene Rosenfeld : Two additional perspectives on that. One is that we are quite confident, as I said a few minutes ago, that we can manage our way through some of these issues over time, and as we made the commitment to 5% revenue growth, were quite confident that we can deliver that.  But Id also say, even coffee, you cant look at the revenue per se as the only measure of how healthy that franchise is. In fact, our coffee revenue was essentially flat in the fourth quarter, despite the fact that we had a 7-point headwind in pricing.  So very strong vol mix performance, as Dave mentioned, as we continue to improve the vol mix with focus on our on-demand offerings that will continue to strengthen. But as you look at coffee, you need to get underneath the actual revenue a little bit to get a better sense of the health of the franchise. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. 
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: I know you dont want to give specific guidance on any quarter, but given the unpredictability of the organic top line rate the last couple of quarters, is there any kind of range you can think about, or help us think about, for the first quarter? Its just such an issue for the stock right now, Id say. 
David Brearton: Again, I dont want to get into quarterly guidance. We gave some last quarter, really because it was our first quarter out of the gate, and we were trying to get people used to it. I really dont want to go beyond what I said to Andrew earlier. It will be below that low end of 5-7 in Q1 to Q2. And I think were going to have many of the same factors impacting us that impacted us in Q4. But I cant go beyond that. 
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Okay. And then forgive the bluntness of this question in advance, please, but your organic growth has now fallen short of Street expectations for two consecutive quarters, and these are the only two quarters youve had. The stock has been invested in, for many investors, because of that top line potential. So just saying We are quite confident that we can deliver on our 5% plus next year, I hope you can understand that may not be enough for some people. I know youve provided some, but any specifics you can provide besides just saying, Weve done it before that can help people gain confidence that you will get back to that number. Because right now, theres a lack of confidence that you guys will get to that 5% number, right or wrong. 
Irene Rosenfeld : The one thing Id say, Ken, in response to your issue, 2012 was a transformational year for our company. We split a $54 billion enterprise. We created significant shareholder value in that process, while still delivering solid full year results. And very high quality full year results.  And weve talked quite a bit about that. The top line rebounded in the fourth quarter as we said it would. The revenue growth was very much in line with the guidance, the mid single digit guidance that we gave you. We delivered high-quality results as weve discussed, in each of our regions. Weve got very strong underlying performance of our power brands, very strong continued expansion of gross margins and operating margins. Weve continued to make the necessary investments in our franchises, both in A&C as well as sales and distribution. And we delivered very solid income growth on a constant currency operating basis.  And so you put all of that together, this enterprise is performing quite well. Its not quite up to the long term targets. We understand that. But we have all the makings underneath. A very solid franchise, and the opportunity to deliver, as we said we would, on our 2013 guidance.
David Brearton: And I think the other thing is the reason to believe we can do it over time, is our categories are growing in that range. I think as we said when we had the investor day in September, the categories were participating in are growing that 5-7% range. So we do have some stuff we have to get out of the way in the short term, but I think directionally, it is essentially saying well grow in line with some pretty high-growth categories. And that will deliver the results that we put out there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal: I have two questions. One is, can you give us an update on Australia and Japan? I know those were somewhat weak, and I know that you said you corrected a lot of the issues last quarter. I just kind of want to follow up on Australia and Japan. 
David Brearton: Australia had a good bounce back. I think they were up in sort of mid-single digits in the quarter, and really had some strong marketing campaigns and some good new products there, particularly in the chocolate business. Japan is gum. So the discussion we had on gum earlier, you can apply all of that to Japan. They continued to decline in the quarter. 
Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal: And my follow up is, what type of progress should we be looking for to see how youre I know with the gum side, you said look, it will take two years. I get that. But what type of milestones of progress that we should be looking at to see the progress youre making to see thats actually turning around in that [unintelligible] period. I know its going to take longer. But could you give us milestones that we should be thinking about? 
Irene Rosenfeld : I think the key milestone to look at is our share. The category in aggregate is down about 2%. Were down about 3%. So as weve said, there is a clear opportunity for us to improve our share performance. Weve taken a number of steps to improve that in each of our key markets, and as I mentioned in my remarks, were starting to see that bear some fruit. So I would suggest that you look at our share performance in our key gum markets: Japan, U.S., Europe, France, Mexico, and Brazil. And I would say those will be the key metrics for you to look at.  
Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal: Are there a greater number of launches that we should be seeing as well?
Irene Rosenfeld : Well, weve got some new products. We launched Stride ID in the U.S. We have a similar version of that called Trident Twist in Europe, and so weve got some new products. But part of what weve suggested has to be improved in the category is that its a combination of some stronger innovation - I think were on that case - but its also about some improvement in tactical sales and marketing execution.  So weve talked about the price sizing architecture. In a number of our markets, weve actually introduced an economy size to try to address the pack rate in an environment where our consumers are not going to a kiosk quite as often as they might have. Weve restored A&C as we told you, to historical levels. We are working on simplifying brand architecture so the category is easier to shop. So all of those actions together should have a near term impact in our share performance, and as I said, thats what were watching, and I would encourage you to look at that as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I guess Ill start with just some of the nonoperating items. Dave, can you give us some sense as to what you expect for 2013 interest expense, corporate expense? And on the tax rate, I thought you had said at the analyst day that you were looking at a mid-20s rate. The fourth quarter seems to have come in a lot lower than we thought, so this lower rate, thats not a change for the outlook? 
David Brearton: Ill start with, on the corporate expense, there shouldnt be anything special in 2013. So I mentioned a couple of items that we had exiting the year on total SG&A. But as we look forward, corporate will be a normal year in 2013. Interest, we talked about at the investor day that we had a $0.02 headwind in interest versus our sort of equilibrium capital structure. And weve said that our target was to get to about $18 billion of debt, and we would exit the year close to $20 billion. We exited at $19.5 billion. And that we were carrying excess cash.  That will work itself out over the first half of the year as debt maturities come due in February, and again in May. So well pay down those maturities. By the end of May, we should be at where we want to be. But during that time period, theres some inefficiency built in. Theres a couple of pennies of interest headwind very strong what you would normally expect. So those are those two. On taxes, we gave long term guidance of mid-20s, and I would stick to that long term guidance of mid-20s. That is the sort of straight average of all the statutory tax rates around the world. We said there would be some fluctuations in any given year to discrete events.  And I think in 2012, we finished at 20%, and the biggest discrete event in 2012 was actually a reduction in the U.K. corporate tax rate, which has an oversized impact, because we not only changed the statutory rate in the U.K., you also have to write down your deferred tax liability, so theres a correction catch up on it.  There is another U.K. tax rate reduction claimed in 2013 by the U.K. government, and thats built into the low-20s guidance. So that is why youre seeing that rate come in lower. Its going to be flat year over year, but it is lower than our long term guidance of mid-20s, primarily due to those kind of items. Now, in terms of where thats going, we basically have said we will continue to drive the virtuous cycle. So well invest in A&C, well invest in sales and distribution capabilities, well continue to look at innovation platform rollouts, and well cover things like the interest headwind. So thats all part of getting to our double digit EPS growth.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: And then just so I understand it correctly, the operating income that youre using as a base to grow off of, is that about $4.41 billion? 
David Brearton: I think it was in the schedules at the back. Its in that range, yes. I think if you go to the back, youll see the operating income growth on the presentation chart. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: So the high single digit growth rate that youre quoting on page 15, how is FX going to impact that? Because obviously we have to model it in reported dollars. So youre calling out an FX benefit on top of that? 
David Brearton: No, I think what weve done with the guidance is we have restated to put everything at the average 2012 rates, with one exception. So essentially, there should be no FX impact with the exception of Venezuela. So thats the only FX impact you would expect to see year over year. And thats about $0.04. So effectively, our $1.52 to $1.57 guidance includes $0.04 of negative impacts from the Venezuela devaluation. But otherwise, theres no forex impact year over year.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: And then the last question, any mention on cash flow, what you generated as an operating cash flow number after capex in 2012, and what we should expect in 2013? 
David Brearton: You will see the cash flow when we do the 10-K, which should be end of next week or early the following week. Unfortunately, it will be 9 months of KFG and 3 months of Mondelez. So we recognize that may not be helpful, because you value us on a discounted cash flow basis. But well try to, as you get more quarters of Mondelez pure historically, help you work through that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. 
Jason English - Goldman Sachs : I wanted to circle back on Catherines question real quick, on the constant currency EPS guidance reiterated. Youve lowered your tax rate guidance from, say, mid-20s to low 20s. A 5% change there is like a dime. So its a pretty big change. Can you help me understand, again, whats driving the implicit cut in pretax guidance? 
David Brearton: Weve taken it down from mid-20s. That was always going to be mid-20s as a range. But, fine. If it was 25% in your models, it would be $0.10. Im not going to comment on what our internal expectations were. But essentially, it is covering things like A&C investment sales, investment distribution, other investments to drive the top line growth, as well as the interest expense we talked about, the headwind we had on that.  And I think theres going to be some operational challenges in a place like Venezuela that is not part of the currency we just talked about. We covered the operational issues, if consumers react negatively to price increases, ourselves, internally. So those are the kinds of things that will be included in that. Id also remind you that the EPS growth on a constant currency basis, if you do the math of what we told you today, would be 12-15%, which I think is pretty healthy. So thats where its going. 
Jason English - Goldman Sachs : One more follow up. Coffee price headwind. Youre saying it abates as we lap the price reductions in the third quarter. Assuming most of the market [is fine on] a lagged cost curve, which history suggests it does, costs have continued to fall well past the last price reduction in the third quarter. Isnt it prudent for us to assume that yet another price reduction will be necessary? 
David Brearton: We dont comment on our pricing strategy. I cant really go into what might or might not happen in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer of UBS. 
David Palmer - UBS: You mentioned in the slides and several times in the call that A&C spending was up in the fourth quarter, its going to be going up in 2013. Could you speak to where that investment is going, or went, and your hope for the payoff in revenue terms that youre expecting, particularly in developing markets? 
Irene Rosenfeld : Its going almost entirely behind our power brands. Theres a reason that our power brands are growing at twice the rate of revenue of the base business, and so we continue to invest disproportionately in the power brands, and in these global innovation platforms. And thats whats going to fuel our growth. 
David Palmer - UBS: Are these reinvestment rates representing an acceleration, and therefore, at least internally, youre hoping for and expecting an acceleration in these organic revenue growth rates? 
Irene Rosenfeld : No. Again, if you look at our results for this year, we ended the year up about 60 basis points as a percentage of revenue, in terms of our A&C investment. It is a driver of our core franchises, and as we look at the performance of each of our individual categories, as well as our share performance, were feeling quite good about that. 
David Palmer - UBS: You mentioned a temporary drag from Canada. I dont know if you mentioned how much of a drag that was, and if that was something youre expecting to be corrected by the first quarter results? 
Irene Rosenfeld : I didnt mention specifically what it was, but I did say its the major variance between the expectations that we had for the fourth quarter and the [37] that we delivered. So we are quite comfortable that we will see a rebound in Canada, in the first quarter, relative to the performance in the fourth quarter.  Again, it is a fully integrated business, and unlike the U.S. sales force, where we had a separate DSD organization to begin with, in Canada, our selling organization was fully integrated. So we had a lot more complexity as we took it apart. But were quite comfortable. Most of those issues occurred early in the quarter, and were quite comfortable as we come out of the first quarter that well see a rebound there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolas :  Just had two questions for you. I wanted to ask about the developing market business overall, and if you expect that to achieve double digit revenue growth in 2013. Did you say that? Or is that something that you could speak to for this year?  
Irene Rosenfeld : Without a doubt, over the long term we expect that our developing markets will deliver a double digit rate of growth, and it continues to be a very exciting opportunity for us. We did say it would take us a couple of quarters to get the momentum back.  Were feeling quite good about where Brazil is performing. Russia will take a little longer. It certainly has improved quite nicely from Q3, but its going to take a little bit longer to get that business performing back up to its historical contribution. So net-net, our developing markets over the long term will certainly contribute at a double digit rate, and we should see that performance begin to play out in the course of 2013.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolas :  And then I know also weve talked before about the gum business, and the challenges there. As you think about your revenue growth guidance, not so much for this year, but the next few years, couple years, is gum continuing to decline? And then [unintelligible] getting above, say 5% of the lower end of the range? Is it that meaningful, and therefore that big of a potential drag that it could be more toward the lower end of your guidance range? 
David Brearton: I guess the simple answer is no, gum is slightly under 9% of our revenue. So we are not counting, when we gave you the low end of 5-7%. That was driven primarily by the coffee and the capacity constraints. Gum, at that kind of level, costs us 20 or 30 basis points, but its not a significant drag on the total business. Wed like to see it get back to its historical growth rates, but its not a reason to be concerned about our long term guidance.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolas :  And if I could ask one more, which is you had some product pruning throughout 2012. Is there any expectation for that to continue, or any territories [where that will] continue in 2013? 
David Brearton: It will just be normal pruning that any company does, frankly. There were a couple of big things. There was one in Canada this year that we have talked about, where it was essentially a co-man contract left over from a previous divestiture. So it was large. Most of the other stuff we would do is stuff any of the people you cover would do in the normal course of business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. 
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse: I wanted to know if you have an outlook for us for cash flow for 2013. Kraft, in the past, used to give cash flow guidance and now both Kraft and Mondelez dont give it as much anymore. And I wanted to know why the change, and at a minimum, maybe you can help us walk through the big building blocks for cash flow in 13. 
David Brearton: Yeah, I think the reason for the change is not because I dont like cash flow, its just because its been really hard through the spin to delineate Kraft Foods Group versus Mondelez full year cash flow. So I know what my cash flow was in quarter four, obviously, and we are very pleased with that, but when you see our cash flow statement, it will be a combination of Mondelez for one quarter and KFG for three. And I think thats the same reason youll get a little bit of reticence from our colleagues over at the Kraft Foods Group. Directionally, I think as part of the spinoff documentation we actually had information in there that would have allowed you to separate the cash flow between the old KFG companies. And for 11 and 10 you could more or less say half went to each company. 
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse: Im really asking about guidance for 13. You used to give cash flow guidance, and I dont think you give it as much anymore. 
David Brearton: That would be correct. At this stage, Im not going to give guidance today. As we get a little more information to you on the balance sheet over time, youll get more guidance on that. But it wont be today. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein : Can I ask about the growth margins? As I look at the GAAP numbers reported today, it looks as though they were up a couple of hundred basis points. I wondered whether that was as commodity cost pressures have moderated, youre beginning to see some expansion there, or maybe there are other one-time factors in there that Im not seeing. But as I look out through 2013, what do you think is the shape of the gross margin outlook? Can you quantify whether you expect it to be up, down, or sideways in 2013? 
David Brearton: A lot of the gross margin gains for last year would have been to do with some of the integration costs, etc. associated with Cadbury. So if you strip all that kind of thing out, our gross margins, we would say, on the year were up sort of in the mid-50 basis points, lets say. And were quite happy with that. We think thats a good performance.  And theres nothing really one-time in nature in that. That legitimately is pricing to cover input costs and a very strong productivity program driving gross margin gains. So thats what we did in 2012. We dont give guidance going forward, but it clearly is part of our virtuous cycle strategy that we grow gross margin every year as a way to reinvest in A&C and sales.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein : And the 200 basis points in the fourth quarter, is that like-for-like, or is there too many moving pieces in that? 
David Brearton: Its too many moving parts. The P&Ls that get attached to the press release are the continuing operations P&L, so theres a lot of moving pieces in there. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein : And then just as we look out to 2013, how much are you anticipating A&C spend being up next year? 
David Brearton: Again, we wont give guidance on individual parts of the P&L, but its part of our strategy that well continue to invest in A&C. 
Operator: We have time for one more question. Your final question comes from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley. 
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Im just going to try one last time, just with a slightly different question regarding cash flow. Specifically on network capital, if we look at the balance sheet historically, and perhaps theres some degree of pro forma adjustments factoring into this, but it does look like your network capital relative to sales is fairly high when compared to the peer group. Can you sort of address that in a more general way, what the key opportunities might be for improving working capital efficiencies going forward? 
David Brearton: Id start by saying the biggest differentiation on us versus our peer group often comes down to geographic. Roughly 40% of our business is in Europe, and Europe tends to have very long receivables versus other markets. And most of our peers have much lower working capital in developing markets than North America, as we do.  So I think thats probably one of the big drivers. That said, wed agree with you theres opportunity in working capital, and were quite active at looking at benchmarks and what are the best practices out there, and what are the things we should aspire to, and we do see opportunity in working capital. So I cant judge for you whether were better or worse than some of the peers youre looking at, but I can tell you we do believe theres opportunity, yes.  Thank you everyone for joining the call. Any follow up questions, please address Nick or I. Well be standing by and ready to talk. Thanks. Bye.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-07 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Dexter Congbalay Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David A. Brearton - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2012 Mondelez International Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about 1 hour, including remarks by Mondelez International's management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dexter Congbalay, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez International. Please go ahead, sir.
Dexter Congbalay: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining Mondelez International's First Quarterly Earnings Call following our successful spin-off of Kraft Foods Group. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release. This release and today's slides are available on our website, www.mondelezinternational.com. As you know, during this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. Before I hand it off to Irene, let me first outline how we put the numbers together. Please note that the financial information in this presentation highlights standalone results of Mondelez International on an adjusted pro forma continuing operations basis, specifically, it reflects the spin-off and divestiture of Kraft Foods Group. It also includes the following items as if they occurred at the beginning of the periods presented: The impact of transferring certain North American benefit plan obligations to Kraft Foods Group at the spin-off date; and the reduction of debt related to the completion of the spin-off capitalization plans. These financials also exclude: Spin-off costs; the 2012 to 2014 restructuring program costs; and integration program costs. The basis of this presentation is consistent with the adjusted pro forma results in our Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2012. And it facilitates comparisons of the company's current and future operating performance. I'd also like to note that our Q4 reported results will show Mondelez International on a stand-alone basis. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Irene.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Thanks, Dexter, and good afternoon. Let me start by saying it's great to be here in our new headquarters and to see the energy and optimism of our team as we begin our journey together as a new global snacks company. Year-to-date, we delivered solid performance. Organic net revenue increased 4.6%, and operating income rose more than 9% on a constant currency basis. In the third quarter, as we expected, our revenue growth slowed, increasing only 1.5%. This was due to 3 factors: First, we were up against some tough comparisons. Indeed, we delivered exceptionally strong growth in the third quarter last year, when organic revenue was up nearly 9.5%. Second, pricing contributed less this quarter. Much of this was due to passing through the impact of lower Green Coffee costs. Arabica, for example, has dropped by nearly 1/3 in the past 12 months. We're also beginning to lap some of the significant price increases we took last year. And finally, we had some short-term executional issues in a few key markets like Brazil and Russia. We've already taken actions to address these missteps, such that their impact will be largely confined to the third quarter. As a result, we expect organic revenue growth to rebound to mid-single-digit levels in the fourth quarter. But despite the slower Q3 growth, I'm confident that we'll have a strong finish to the year, and that we'll be on track to deliver the 2013 guidance that we provided in September. We're continuing to invest heavily in our power brands, and they're responding well, with strong growth in each region. We're expanding our successful global innovation platforms, including bubbly aerated chocolates, our chocobakery line, belVita breakfast biscuits and teen gum brands like Stride ID in North America and Twist in Europe. Revenue growth in our 2 largest categories, Biscuits and Chocolate, continues to be strong, increasing mid- to high-single digits. And Gum & Candy revenue growth, while still challenged, should increase modestly next year. Let's take a closer look at each of our global categories, starting with Biscuits. Our Biscuits revenue is up 7%, with strong growth in both developed and Developing Markets. That's in line with the 7% increase for the category. In North America, Biscuits increased mid-single digits, and Europe is also posting solid growth. In Developing Markets, Biscuits grew low-double digits, led by China, Russia, the Middle East and Africa. Our Biscuits power brands rose 13% year-to-date, with Oreo continuing to grow in the mid-teens. Our belVita innovation platform has been another star, up more than 45% this year as we expand across markets in Europe and the Americas. In fact, belVita is on track to exceed $300 million in revenue this year. Global Chocolate revenue increased 6% year-to-date, about the same rate as the category. In Developed Markets, Chocolate grew mid-single digits behind successful innovation like our snacks, small bites platform and activities around the London Olympics. In Developing Markets, continued strength in India and Brazil drove growth of mid- to high-single digits. Our Chocolate power brands have increased 10% this year. Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka and Lacta had each posted strong growth. Gum & Candy remains below our expectations. Revenues were down 1% despite the category growing about 4%. Candy delivered solid performance with Halls up low-single digits behind new marketing campaigns, and Eclairs up 20%, driven by strong growth in China, South Africa and India. But the key challenge remains Gum, especially Trident, whose revenue declined low-single digits. Although the brand grew in Developing Markets, it was more than offset by weakness in developed markets. To be frank, Gum has been disappointing for quite some time, and it's taking us longer to change the trajectory than we anticipated. We have, however, taken a number of steps to fix our performance, and we expect to see gradual improvement over the next year. In sum, our year-to-date results are solid, but our third quarter top line was disappointing. I want to assure you that the factors that affected us in the quarter are temporary. They're within our control and will largely be resolved by the end of the year. As a result, we fully expect our revenue growth in Q4 to rebound and to set the stage for a strong 2013. Now let me turn it over to Dave to discuss our third quarter in more detail.
David A. Brearton: Thanks, Irene, and good afternoon. As you can see, we delivered modest organic net revenue growth of 1.5% in the third quarter. Through the first 9 months of the year, our growth was 4.6%. As Irene mentioned, we expected revenue growth in the third quarter to be challenging for several reasons, including a tough prior year comparison and significantly lower contribution from pricing. Some executional missteps in a few key markets also affected the quarter. Encouragingly, despite the low overall growth, our power brands still grew 6% and are up 8% year-to-date. Turning to profits. Adjusted pro forma operating income increased 7.5% on a constant currency basis. The effective management of input costs and lower SG&A more than offset the impact of lower volume/mix. We continue to invest in our brands, with A&C spending increasing in line with revenue growth. A&C, as a percent of revenue, was about 9% through the first 9 months. Year-to-date, OI improved 9.3% on a constant currency basis, consistent with our long-term target of high single-digit growth. OI margin in the quarter increased 90 basis points to 13.1%. Year-to-date, OI margin also increased 90 basis points to 12.7%. Regarding earnings per share, for the quarter, diluted EPS was up 2.6% on a constant currency basis. Strong operating gains of $0.04 were tempered by a $0.03 increase in taxes. Year-to-date, EPS grew by 7.8% on a constant currency basis. The improvement was driven by operating income growth of more than 9%, offset by a nearly 4 point increase in the effective tax rate due to some significant onetime benefits last year. Let's now take a look at each region's performance. In Developing Markets, organic net revenue was up a modest 1.7% in the quarter, led by power brands' growth of 8%. Pricing drove 4.4 percentage points of the growth. However this was partly offset by vol/mix declines of 2.7 points. This compares to exceptional growth of 15.5% in the third quarter last year as customers stocked-up prior to price increases that became effective in Q4. This performance also reflects the executional challenges referenced earlier. Year-to-date, Developing Markets grew 6.8%. Results across each of our 4 Developing Markets' sub-regions were mixed. In quarter 3, Latin America was up mid-single digits and up high-single digits year-to-date. Growth in the quarter was tempered by executional missteps in Brazil. We were slow to react to the softening Gum category. This led to rising inventories at our distributors. As we work through these inventories, we're stepping up efforts to drive category growth through increased A&C support, promotions, innovation and better price/size architecture. Our Biscuits performance in Brazil was also weak, despite continued strong growth of the category. This was due to lower marketing support and innovation. To stimulate our growth, we've restored marketing and promotional support and are introducing new flavors of Club Social. In contrast to these 2 categories, we continued to generate robust growth in chocolate and powdered beverages. And in the North-Northeast region of the country, we also continued to grow rapidly by expanding distribution. Asia Pacific increased low-single digits in the quarter and was up mid- to high-single digits so far this year. India and China continued to post strong double-digit results, more than offsetting weakness in Indonesia, Australia and Japan. In India, our challenge is keeping up with demand for our chocolate. We've run into capacity constraints after posting extraordinary growth over the past couple of years. We're driving productivity and removing bottlenecks at existing plants to stretch current capacity. And we expect new production lines to come on stream by the middle of next year. In China, Biscuits continued to drive our strong performance. Oreo led the way, growing more than 30% year-to-date, while continuing to gain market share. As we mentioned at our Investor Day, we launched Stride Gum in August and so far, so good, although it's much too early to declare success. Overall, China continues to deliver. In fact, we expect this market to surpass $1 billion in revenue this year. Revenue in central-eastern Europe declined mid-single digits in the quarter, due largely to Russia. Year-to-date, the region is up low-single digits. In Russia, Q3 revenue fell due to both lower vol/mix and price. Coffee price reductions were clearly a major driver, accounting for 1/2 the decline. But lower vol/mix was largely our own doing. We were too slow to react to widening price gaps in coffee and chocolate, which negatively affected our shares. We've taken a number of corrective actions to regain momentum, including getting pricing back to competitive levels. We've also gotten back to basics on sales capabilities and increased marketing support. This has yielded significant improvements beginning in September. Finally, the Middle East and Africa was up significantly, low teens this quarter and low- to mid-teens year-to-date. The robust growth reflects strong results across the entire region including South Africa, the GCC countries and Egypt. As we look to the fourth quarter, top line growth in Developing Markets should recover and increase high-single digits. That's just below our double-digit growth target as we work through the final stages of the short-term executional issues I mentioned. Turning to profits in Developing Markets. Adjusted pro forma segment operating income declined 1% on a constant currency basis. The impact of lower vol/mix was largely offset by effective management of input costs. OI margin held constant at 15.2%. Our European business once again delivered solid results and has now posted 11 consecutive quarters of top line growth. This is especially impressive in light of the increasingly difficult economic environment. Organic revenues grew 0.7% in the quarter and 3.1% year-to-date. Power brands were up 2% in the quarter. Vol/mix has remained consistently positive through the year, delivering about 1.5 points of growth. In the third quarter, however, vol/mix gains were offset by lower prices especially in Coffee. Our share performance continued to be very strong, with about 2/3 of our revenues gaining or holding share. At a category level, Chocolate and Biscuits led the way. Chocolate increased high-single digits, reflecting continued strong performance of new products. Our power brands also performed well, with Milka up double digits; Cadbury Dairy Milk, up high single-digits; and Toblerone, up mid-single digits. Biscuits rose low-single digits, driven by solid results from Oreo, belVita and our chocobakery platform. But Coffee offset much of this growth, decreasing low-single digits. Strong vol/mix gains were more than offset by lower pricing. As we anticipated, coffee prices declined in the third quarter due to lower Green costs. That alone depressed total year revenue in the quarter by about 1 percentage point. Tassimo continued its strong performance. It was up nearly 20% in the quarter due to significantly higher A&C support. Gum & Candy declined high-single digits. Candy was essentially flat, with Gum down sharply in key markets such as France, Spain and Greece. So how are we responding? We're driving innovation. In France and Spain, we're introducing 40 Minutes, a new gum that promises extra-long freshness. And in Greece, we're launching Twist, which is similar to Stride ID in the U.S. We're making it easier for consumers at the point of buying, including resetting our hot zones in nearly 30,000 outlets and expanding our offerings across a full range of price points. And finally, across several European markets, we're strengthening our brand equities through new marketing campaigns. We're confident that we're taking the right steps to stabilize the category in the near term and to drive modest growth in the long term. Looking ahead, we expect Europe's overall top line growth in the fourth quarter to be similar to Q3 as we continue to deliver solid performance in a tough environment and as we reflect the decline in coffee prices. Turning to profits. Europe continued to focus on productivity and drive overheads lower, using those savings to fund increases in A&C support behind our power brands. Adjusted pro forma segment operating income increased 7.4% on a constant currency basis. This increase, as well as the improvement in OI margin, includes the reversal of an accrual related to the Cadbury acquisition. Turning to North America. Strong performance in Biscuits drove solid top line growth in the region. Organic net revenue was up 2.2% in the quarter and 2.4% year-to-date. U.S. Biscuits increased mid-single digits with our Biscuit power brands up double digits. Cookies grew mid- to high-single digits, with strong growth in Oreo and Chips Ahoy!. Crackers were up mid-single digits, with strong growth from Honey Maid, Ritz and Triscuit. Biscuits' improved performance and market share gains are a direct result of the realignment of our U.S. sales force in April. We're now realizing the benefits of a direct store delivery system that's focused solely on biscuits. For example, we've increased feature and display conversion opportunities, with displays up 5% year-to-date. And we've gained additional facings on existing products, as well as drove new products into stores more quickly. So far this year, our total distribution points are up 6%. The performance of Gum & Candy in the U.S. improved versus recent trends. Gum revenue was nearly flat as the successful launch of Stride ID in August largely offset declines in other brands. And while it's still early, we've been pleased with the performance of ID to date. In Candy, Halls and other brands were up mid-teens, driven by innovation, as well as expanded distribution. Our business in Canada declined mid-single digits, but this was largely due to planned product pruning. Looking ahead, North America's top line growth in Q4 is expected to accelerate. We continue to build momentum in Biscuits with a more focused DSD sales force. And we've lapped the product pruning actions we took in Canada last year. Now let's take a look at profits in North America. Adjusted pro forma segment operating income increased 14.1%, while margin rose 180 basis points to 16.6%. These improvements reflect strong gains from pricing and productivity, but more than offset a significant increase in A&C support behind power brands. Before I get to our guidance, I'd now like to update you on our current estimates for transaction-related and restructuring costs. Please note that these costs are for Mondelez International only, and exclude any costs incurred by Kraft Foods Group. In the left column, you can see our year-to-date costs, while the right column shows what we expect in future costs. We've incurred around $400 million in spin-off costs to date, and expect another $150 million going forward, with the majority in Q4. This is consistent with the approximately $600 million in spin-off costs that we originally anticipated. Through September, we've also incurred about $100 million of restructuring and implementation costs and expect about $825 million going forward. This is consistent with the total of $925 million that we outlined in our recent 8-K filing. Although some of the restructuring costs will hit in Q4, the vast majority will be booked in 2013 and 2014. As I mentioned in September, in the near term, we'll use the restructuring savings to help offset the synergies next year. After 2013, we expect the remaining savings to support the bottom line or to fund ongoing programs. And finally, we've incurred about $600 million of costs associated with setting up the capital structures of both Mondelez International and Kraft Foods Group. This is consistent with the $600 million to $800 million range that we highlighted at our Investor Day. We incurred a $436 million expense this quarter related to a forward rate swap contract. These contracts were terminated in October, and we do not expect to incur further debt migration costs. Now let's turn to our outlook. We remain confident in our ability to deliver the guidance we outlined in September. Specifically, we're confirming 2013 guidance of organic net revenue growth at the low end of our long-term target of 5% to 7%. We expect good underlying momentum on our business as economic conditions are likely to remain challenging. We also anticipate only a modest contribution from pricing, largely due to coffee. On the bottom line, we're confirming our guidance of operating EPS of $1.50 to $1.55 on a constant currency basis. Please note that this range was based on average currency rates in August 2012. As most of you know, currency rates have been more favorable recently. In fact, if we were to use average rates from October 2012, our operating EPS guidance would increase by about $0.05. We'll review the impact of currency again when we report fourth quarter results in February next year. And since we give EPS guidance on a constant currency basis, we'll adjust our guidance to reflect the impact of currencies, either up or down, as appropriate. So to wrap up, our revenue growth hit a bit of a speed bump in the third quarter, but we fully expect it to rebound in Q4 to mid-single digits. Developing Markets should be up high-single digits, with Europe and North America increasing low- to mid-single digits. We continue to enjoy an advantaged geographic footprint. Growth in our categories remains robust. And our power brands and global innovation platforms will continue to drive top-tier growth. As a result, we remain confident in our ability to deliver our 2013 and long-term targets. With that, we're now happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] You have a question from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: The margins were down quite a bit in Developing Markets this time around. Clearly, some of that was due to these execution issues. Are you able to parse out how much of that decline might have been driven by those execution problems in Brazil and Russia?
David A. Brearton: Actually, Alexia, the margins were flat this year at 15.2%, which is actually slightly up from where it's been year-to-date. So I -- maybe we could bridge to you what you're looking at later. But as we look at our margins, we're actually quite pleased with where our Developing Market margins were in the quarter.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Great. And then just as a follow-up, the -- your margin expansion across the company has been very good over the last 9 months. I think you mentioned up 90 basis points on an adjusted basis year-to-date. It seems as though commodity costs are likely to be moderating going forward, and yet the outlook, it feels that you're being very muted in your expectation for margin expansion next year. I'm just wondering what you're thinking is the key risks in 2013 and why the margin expansion might not be better than you're expecting?
David A. Brearton: Well, I think the guidance we've given for next year is 5% to 7% top line growth and $1.50 to $1.55, which I think will be close to the or at the double-digit EPS growth number that we've discussed as a target. I think both of those will be top-tier. So I don't think we're being conservative. I think how that translates into margin growth, obviously, will depend on where input costs are, and that could depend on inflation in Developing Markets or commodities, as you mentioned. But for us, we're focused on delivering top-tier top and bottom line growth and the margins or the output of that as opposed to the input. So I think it will depend how we go, but we're really focused on making sure we deliver those results.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can you comment briefly on the input cost outlook from here? Everything I'm seeing with coffee and other inputs that you've got look as though it's going to get much easier. What are the main puts and takes there? Are there things that are getting harder, or do you see a general relief on input cost inflation over the next few quarters?
David A. Brearton: Well, I think as we talk costs going forward, we'll probably focus on input costs in total. And I think you're right. As it looks today, and it can all always change, it would be more for modest inflation. Our input cost today, as a snacking company, have a lower level of commodity impacts and a lot bigger impact from things like inflation in Developing Markets on some of the other factors. But as we sit here today, inflation's pretty muted amount around the globe. Coffee, as you indicated, is going down. A lot of commodities tend to be flat. Clearly, in the U.S. and some of the other countries, the grain complex is up. But we would say today that this quarter, it was relatively muted. Next quarter, there'd be no reason to change that. We don't like to give guidance going forward 15 months from now, but, at the moment, we would not see a significant input cost increase next year, which is why when we gave our guidance next year, we said we'd probably have a relatively low pricing contribution to our revenue growth. And so that's consistent with the outlook you're describing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I did the same thing Alexia did. I realized you touched on this a bit. But could you provide a bit more color on exactly what happened in Russia and Brazil? And also, if you can, it would be helpful to understand, from a revenue and EBIT standpoint, which results -- or excuse me, to what degree results were affected by those execution issues?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yes. So let me start by reiterating the factors that led to the missteps that I talked about are temporary and they're very much within our control. We've taken the necessary actions that we need to take to address them, and we anticipate that they will be largely resolved by the end of the year. The issues are a little bit different in each of the 2 big markets which really are at issue here. Again, we mentioned to you that we had foreshadowed the fact that our momentum, our growth in the third quarter was going to be a little bit lower than year-to-date because of the fact that we had -- there were a number of factors in terms of the difficult comps, as well as lower contribution and pricing. And that is the main -- those are the main contributors. The incremental impact of the missteps that occurred in Brazil and Russia, they were a little bit different in each of the 2 countries. In the case of Brazil, we've got 2 issues: Gum and Biscuits. Gum, as Dave mentioned, we were slow to react to a gradually weakening economy. That category had been growing in the high-single digits, and we continued to ship as the category growth slowed almost in 1/2 to about 4%. And as a result, we found ourselves in a dislocation between our distributor inventories and our consumption. So our consumption continued to be reasonably okay, but we had some short-term dislocations and we expect that the rebalancing that's in process right now will be completed by year-end. The bigger issue is why has the category growth slowed, and we've talked about the fact we have taken a number of actions to accelerate our growth. We have increased our marketing and our sales support. We focused very much on our execution at point-of-sale, particularly our assortment at point-of-sale. We've got increased merchandising support. We've got increased support behind our new advertising campaign. We're looking to continue to expand our distribution in the fast-growing north-northeast part of the country, and we have taken a number of steps to improve the offerings from a price/size standpoint as we have watched the GDP in Brazil, as well as we see in a number of countries, declining somewhat. So all that said, that was the issue within Gum. We feel we are very much on it and on track to address that. The bigger -- the other issue though, in Brazil, turned out to be Biscuits, which, quite frankly, became a knock on impact from Gum. It's about reduced marketing support. The category was growing fine. We just reduced our marketing support to offset some of the Gum weakness and it was a mistake. And we have since restored that marketing support and we're quite confident that, that business will rebound. As Dave mentioned, no issues with Chocolate in Brazil. Our powdered beverage growth was quite strong and continued strong growth in the North-Northeast. So that's the situation in Brazil. We've got our arms around it and we're taking the necessary actions. Russia is a little bit of a different situation. 1/2 of that decline was due to the significant drop in coffee cost, but the other 1/2 was volume/mix and it was driven by price gaps, excessive price gaps in both Chocolate and Coffee. We were slow to respond to the fact that competitors had dropped prices and we didn't. It resulted in share losses and that was the biggest issue that we had in Coffee and Chocolate. We've taken the necessary price reductions. Both categories, again, remain quite robust in Russia and we're quite confident that we will be able to correct that situation. The other piece of our issue in Russia was just our sales execution wasn't where we need it to be. We've stepped up the focus in that area. We've made some -- we've strengthened our leadership in a couple of places, particularly, in sales, and again, we feel quite comfortable that we will be able to resolve that. So net-net, these are temporary issues. They're issues that are entirely within our control, and we're quite confident that we will be able to see a rebound in the fourth quarter and into 2013.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That's helpful. Go ahead. I'm sorry, Dave.
David A. Brearton: In terms of impact, it depends what your base assumption was. So I'll let you make your own base assumption, but Brazil is about a $2.5 billion business and it was flat. So you can determine what you thought it was going to be. It was double-digit growth last year. And Russia is about a $1.5 billion business and it was down low double digits, and last year, it was not. So I'll let you establish your own base, but those are kind of the parameters that you could work with.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You've been listening to too many politicians, Dave.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: It's a big margin that they had in...
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And, guys, I'm sorry to -- one more my question, if that's okay. All the moving pieces you have, any insights you can provide into 4Q's interest expense and tax rate would be useful. And just to clarify, should we be comfortable with, roughly, the pension expense you saw in this quarter and the corporate expense you saw this quarter going forward in our models or maybe there's some puts and takes there we're not aware of going forward?
David A. Brearton: Yes, I think the -- if I start from the corporate expense. I think the geography may change between businesses et cetera, going forward, but I think in aggregate, it's directionally correct in the stuff we've provided. In terms of interest expense, similarly, we've tried to do pro forma adjustments that sort of assume the entire $10 billion of debt had been transferred across the Kraft Foods Group. So again, that should be roughly in line. Tax rates, we've given you guidance of mid-20s. I'm not going to give you specific guidance for quarter 4, but I will remind you that last year, we had a very, very low tax rate because we had a big one-timer. So you can expect what I'll call close to a normal tax rate probably in quarter 4 this year, but the comparison to last year will be quite different.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: 2 questions actually, for Dave. One, just very briefly, you mentioned a favorable onetime item in Europe. I believe it was the reversal of a Cadbury accrual. Can you quantify what the benefit of that was on an operating income basis?
David A. Brearton: Yes, I think it'll show up in the 10-Q, so I guess I can. It's just over $0.01, $0.015, in that range of impact for the quarter.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And as you continue to explore the options you have around allocating the excess cash on your balance sheet right now, have there been any changes or new developments in your thinking on how you're approaching the debt issuances you have maturing in early, mid next year or the potential for any other refinancing going forward?
David A. Brearton: Yes, I think there have. I mean, essentially what we've agreed is, as you know, we've got about $3.5 billion of debt maturing during the course of next year; about 1/2 of that in the first half and about 1/2 of that in the second half. And I'm sitting on about $2 billion of excess cash, plus or minus. But we have decided we will not -- that we will hold onto that cash and just pay down the debt as it matures in the first half of the year. And it's a little early to talk about cash utilization on the back half of the year. But that decision really is what triggered the expensing of the swap loss. So we're not going to be issuing any debt in the first part of the year and we're going to be sitting on our cash and just paying down those maturities as they come due.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just had a question for you. When I look at the Gum & Candy category, it did -- it seems to have improved a bit in the quarter. I think you mentioned about 4% overall category growth. So I wanted to ask 2 questions around that. One would be that is that due to Candy growth and Gum remaining still soft? And then just to better understand the difference between your reported 1% decline in that category and then the underlying category improving, is the gap just those markets where you were misexecuting, if you will, or is there other areas or factors there to consider?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yes. So within the 4% that I talked about, Chris, that's a combination of essentially, a flat Gum category and a 7% growth in the Candy category. So when I talk about why we are quite optimistic, both -- virtually, all of our categories are growing. Our issue is Gum and we did lose some share in Gum in a number of key markets. Actually Brazil, which we've talked a lot about some of the executional issues, we actually grew share in Brazil. But we do have some share opportunities in a number of markets. And a lot of the work that we're doing on price size architecture, on restoring spending will help also to -- as well as stepped up innovation, things like ID that we've just launched in the U.S. will help to step up our share performance. So they're going to help to not only stimulate the category, but also, in select cases, should help to improve our share performance as well. But the big issue is really the category and that's really what we've been focused on.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I had just one follow-up question. I think for Dave, just regarding -- you cited constant currency EPS growth this year, year-to-date at plus 8%. Is that a bit of apples and oranges? Is that including Kraft as well North America, or is that a good number to cite for Mondelez year-to-date?
David A. Brearton: No, that's a good number, as best as we can do for Mondelez year-to-date. We took out Kraft Foods Group as a discontinued operation. It's technically not discontinued until quarter 4, but we've done it on a pro forma basis for you. And we've tried to adjust interest and pensions to align with how our business will be going forward. So it's a good number. The reason it's 8% versus we would normally be expecting higher, is again, the tax rate. So last year, it was a very low tax rate. It's about 4 points higher this year than last year. It's about 22% year-to-date, last year it was about 18%. And that's why you're seeing some of the operating income growth get lost from the 9% of the OI level, down to 8% of the EPS level. But it's a pretty comparable number.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman at Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of questions. I guess when we were up in Boston and we went through the company kind of for the first time, there wasn't a whole lot of focus on the non-power brands and it seems as if, if I'm doing the comps correctly, that the non-power brands in most markets were down. Could you talk about that and what that means? And I understand that your -- if my math is right, your EBIT was up about 4%, so it didn't necessarily impact your EBIT, but how should we think about that?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, first of all, power brands represent almost 60% of our revenue on a year-to-date basis and as we continue to grow them disproportionately relative to the base business, they will become an increasingly large portion of the business. One of the reasons you don't see as much of an impact on the OI line is that typically, they're not power brands because they have lower margins and so that's why we are essentially de-emphasizing them. So for the most part, we are seeing a weaker performance on the brands that we are de-emphasizing, many of them are local brands. And again, our power brands will continue to be an increasingly large percentage of the portfolio, and that's what's going to fuel our top line growth.
David A. Brearton: And, Eric, just so you don't panic on the -- all other brands, in the quarter, it is true that the power brands grew and the non-power brands declined. If you look year-to-date, the power brands grew 8% and the non-power brands were about flat and that's -- so it's not like they're falling off a cliff. We are making ongoing strategic decisions on the portfolio, but we don't see this as a huge headwind. It's more a question of they're going to be growing a lot less, maybe flat some years, maybe growing slightly other years, but we don't see it as a huge decline. Quarter 3 really was a bit unusual, but you're right, they were down in quarter 3.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: All right. And then so -- just so I'm -- again, I'm getting this right since we're all kind of getting to know the stand-alone company correctly. So the 60% that's power brands and the 40% that's non-power brands, that is of the snack and confection side of things and there's another 27% or so that is...
Irene B. Rosenfeld: No, no, no. That -- No, the numbers I just quoted to you, Eric, that's for the total company.
David A. Brearton: So we have power brands in -- Tang is a power brand. When we talked at the investor roadshow, we really only talked to snacking because that is 3/4 of our business. In Coffee and in powdered beverages, which are also strategic categories for us, we also have power brands. So in Coffee, you've got Jacobs coffee in Europe, for example, they're huge and you've got Tang and powdered beverages, those are also power brands and they're equally significant, they're equally high margin and they're equally good growth.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And so the non-snack and confection side of things, it sounds like Coffee, given the competitive issues in Russia and the price pass-through that you took that, that was -- at least part of those non-snack and confection business that was part of the drop?
David A. Brearton: Not really. I think Coffee actually is up around the same as the rest of the business year-to-date. So we said we're up about -- we're up 4.6% year-to-date on our total organic growth. Coffee actually would be consistent with that. I think what you'll see on Coffee is as we lap the pricing we took last year and we adjust to lower pricing, the price portion of that revenue growth is getting much, much smaller and in the quarter, it was actually negative, you're right. But the vol/mix is getting much stronger. And so Coffee, for us, has been a pretty good growth driver this year. It's been about in line with the total company.
Operator: Next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess just a question back on the building [ph] markets and it's I guess more particularly Russia. And if I remember it right, the second quarter organic sales in Russia was also soft. And it appears like especially ex-Russia, so the rest of the Central and Eastern Europe, is seeing some softness in the consumer. So I guess, as you look forward in Russia, beyond just fixing some price gap issues, were you at all concerned at this point that there's more of a macro headwind there? And I guess I would say the same thing for Brazil. It's been such a strong market for you and is there any concern there that the macro picture's a little bit different today than maybe what we were thinking about back in September?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: I don't think so, Bryan. I mean, as we look at our peer performance in these markets, they continue to be strong. We certainly have seen GDP slowdown in both of the markets, Brazil to a greater extent perhaps than Russia. But the issues that we're facing, we believe were of our own making. As I said before, they're very much in our control and they're quite fixable. So we have every confidence that they will continue to be growth markets for us.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And, Irene, were you surprised that the -- that Biscuits in Brazil slowed as quickly as it did? It was as a response of a reactive to the reduction in the marketing support. It seems like a pretty quick linkage between reducing marketing support and seeing the volumes drop. Were you surprised by that?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yes. But I mean there's a -- like we're doing a pretty deep dive on these 2 businesses as you would imagine and there's a lot of moving parts there. I'm trying to give you a best sense of the headlines there. But we did end up with a fairly significant loss of share of voice and we can trace that pretty directly to our share performance. So I believe that we have our -- we have a good sense of what the issue was there. It's not entirely marketing support, but it was predominantly that.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And are the competitors increasing their share of voice or do you have some competitors in Biscuits that are spending more now?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: No. Again, it was just -- we did it to ourselves. We just basically reduced our levels. We've now restored our levels back and we've got a very strong Biscuit business in Brazil and we're quite confident that that'll -- that, that business will rebound.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montral.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Can you just talk about your opportunities and challenges in Japan and Australia? Those are part of your Developing Markets and I just wanted to kind of figure out how you see those calling out for the next year or so.
David A. Brearton: Yes. I think Australia, we've got a great Chocolate business and I think we've had some good new products lately. I think in quarter 3, it was a bit weak, but that was more of a phasing thing to do with a system go live that we had in a prior quarter. We always load prior to the system go live. So not material to the total company, but in Australia, it did result in it moving from a low single-digit growth to a low single-digit decline. So it wasn't dramatic, but it's a mature market with a great Chocolate business and we see it as continuing to chug along. Japan is a gum market and, therefore, it shares a lot of the challenges Irene's talked about on the Gum business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Gurkin of Davenport.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I was just curious, Irene, now that you look at your global business, if you've done stress tests as to how many markets would have to miss expectations or even exceed expectations before you would change guidance. Like you've seen weakness this quarter in Russia and Brazil that affected the top line, can you just comment a little bit on kind of stress testing the global portfolio and what needs to change versus your expectations to make a major shift in expectations?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yes, let me start by saying, Ann, we've had a terrific run in our developing markets these past few years by any measure. And, in fact, our first half, we were up 9.5%. So we had a speed bump in the third quarter and we're not happy about it and it's a fact, but we shouldn't overreact to 1 quarter. We actually believe that one of the benefits of the company is that we've got a fairly well-dispersed geographic footprint so that no 1 market is -- basically, we've got a pretty good footprint within -- around the world, so that we have the opportunity. If we see issues in 1 particular market, we have a good, good, good offsets elsewhere. It just so happens that Brazil and Russia are 2 very large markets and, simultaneously, they had some issues at a time that our capacity was constrained in some of our other growth engine markets. So it was kind of a little bit of a perfect storm there but net-net, we, of course, continue to look at the composite profile of our developing markets, particularly as it represents a significant part of our portfolio. But we're quite confident that those markets will rebound and will improve in the fourth quarter as we've said and return to double digits in 2013.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: That's very helpful. And then regarding projected productivity savings, is that still a 4% target?
David A. Brearton: Yes, that's still a -- we'll be 4% or higher on our gross productivity going forward. It's -- we achieved that this year and so far and we expect to do that going forward as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wanted to ask a little bit more about the restructuring program. So in the 8-K filing, Dave, I think it's $925 million. Irene, can you talk to us a little bit about the evolution? This is nearly $1 billion. This is an enormous restructuring program. I think there's a lot to say about blue biscuits and the opportunities that have yet to have been realized in restructuring that, maybe the legacy Kraft European operations and even some restructuring in North America. I'm not really all that clear on maybe more of the story behind the $925 million and then the benefits that we're going to get from it and I think it's an important part of the story going forward. So if you could, I would love for you to just explain about what's happening here.
David A. Brearton: Yes, I can take that, David. I mean, the restructuring program is $925 million, as you said, and there's really 3 components to it. The first would be overheads as we resize corporate headquarters for the smaller company we now are and as we resize North America snacks to reflect the fact that it is a stand-alone snacks business now. Second is manufacturing and as you rightly say, we need to streamline our manufacturing to reflect the fact that we're now a focused snacks business and that has some implications. I can't really give you a lot of details on it because, frankly, we have to run those projects through our Board and, as importantly, we have to run those projects through our unions and our works councils. So we're working through that process, but you probably saw in the last 2 or 3 weeks, we've announced a closure of a coffee factory in Austria and we announced the closure of a large snacks factory up in Canada. So we're working through these, they'll continue to go. And then the third piece is on the distribution network where North America is now a DSD-focused business and that's got some implications on distribution. So those are the 3 pieces. It is $925 million, it is a lot of money, I accept that. About 2/3 of it is cash, about 1/3 is noncash. The vast majority of the spending will be in 2013 and 2014 and, after that, we would see ourselves self-funding ongoing restructuring program within the guidance we've provided to you. In terms of savings, I think we've said that next year, we have a dis-synergy headwind and the restructuring savings next year will cover about 1/2 of that. So the savings will start to flow through next year and it'll cover about 1/2 of our dis-synergies. We would expect the savings in '14 to cover the rest of those dis-synergies and any incremental profit in '15 and beyond, we would look to either support the bottom line or reinvest in growth opportunities. But it's really '15 and beyond before we'll see a net benefit between dis-synergy and restructuring.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That's really helpful. 2 other quick questions. The first one is on the Starbucks arbitration proceedings and any update that you could give us on the timing of that decision?
David A. Brearton: Yes, the arbitration case actually closed in August. So the arbitrator is considering the arguments as we speak. We remain pretty confident in the merits of our case, but I regret to say, I don't have any updates to you on really anything beyond that.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So then that would mean that the decision is some time very soon, is that reasonable?
David A. Brearton: Some time. There is no time line on the arbitration. So it really is up to the arbitrator when he wants to come back with his decision.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. Final question on Brazil. Irene, I believe you had a leadership change down there. Does that have any implications to the problems that you cited in the quarter?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: No. I mean, David, one challenging quarter does not cause us to make personnel changes. We did make some leadership changes in a couple of our markets, but those were things that were in the works for quite some time and I'm very pleased that we've got a deep bench of talent and we've got some very strong leaders in all of our key markets. So it's not related.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Dickerson of Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I just had a question really on strategy around Western European Coffee. Again, I know as you pointed out earlier in the investor presentation and both today in the slides and in the prepared remarks, most of the focus, obviously, is on snacks. But as you said that you're always looking to actually make strategic shifts within the portfolio and that Jacobs is still considered a power brand, I'm wondering if you could just add a little bit more specific color around what would be your strategy for the next year to really be still picking up share in the Coffee category in Western Europe?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, again, Rob, Coffee is an important part of our portfolio in our Western and Eastern Europe businesses. And as Dave mentioned before, we've had -- Europe has had a very strong performance on Coffee. The revenue decline is reflecting the fact that we took price declines in response to the lower Green, but our vol/mix continues to be quite solid. Our Tassimo business is growing in the upwards of 20%. We've continued to support it and we see it as a continued growth engine. We've been very pleased with our Millicano product; it's a whole bean instant coffee, which continues to perform well. So Coffee is an important part of our European portfolio and we will continue to invest in that franchise, and it will be an important source of growth and the category is growing. The challenge that I referenced in Eastern Europe, it's -- Coffee is an important business there as well, particularly in Russia and I referred -- referenced the fact that we did -- we were slow to respond to price gaps on Coffee and it cost us some share. And as I mentioned, we've taken action to address that and we should see that business rebound. So in both of those regions, we feel Coffee plays a very important role and it is growing.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I wanted just to ask a question about your -- the composition of your revenue growth. You may have addressed this earlier and if you did, I apologize. But with regard to volume versus price for 2013, if you are going to deliver at that 5%, is that half and half volume/mix and price?
David A. Brearton: We haven't given a specific target, but we have said pricing is going to be a modest -- more modest contributor next year than it's been recently. I mean, as an example, year-to-date, pricing is about 4 points, whereas in the third quarter, it's only 2 points. So it'll be a more modest contributor out of the 5% to 7% next year.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And do you -- one question that certainly comes up when we see this quarter is the issue of volatility. One of the things that we would expect from a global business is that you might have a little bit less volatility in that top line. Do you -- when you're looking ahead to 2013, as you see how the comps are laid out and the issues perhaps would -- economically and with Gum in particular, do you anticipate some quarters that -- do you anticipate volatility to continue is my question?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: David, as I said earlier, we are -- we feel very good about our footprint and we believe we are much less susceptible to volatility as a result. We've got roughly equal-size businesses in Asia Pacific, in Latin America and in our combined CEEMA regions. We've got no single country in our Developing Markets portfolio that is contributing to more than 5% of our sales. And so we've got a pretty balanced profile. We just had a bit of a perfect storm in 2 of our largest countries at a time that we didn't have as much of an opportunity to offset it with -- in some of our other countries because of some of the capacity challenges. But year-to-date, we've certainly been able to offset any of our challenges by the strength that we've had in China, in India and in the Middle East and Africa, and we continue to see that profile playing out well for us.
Operator: Your final question comes from Robert Moskow of Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I thought the split ups were a good idea until I read we had to do these -- do 2 conference calls and 2 notes, I don't know. Maybe consolidation is the way to go. But just one last question; I believe the long-term plan has always been for emerging markets to increase overhead at a greater pace than sales. But now that you've had a couple of stumbles here in Brazil and Russia, it looks like the type of spending you're going to have to do there is going to be a little different, at least in the short run. How have these issues impacted your plan for infrastructure investment in those 2 markets for 2013?
David A. Brearton: Yes, I don't think we've ever said it was going to grow above revenue, certainly, sales. But sales is only one component of the overheads and we would expect to leverage scale on the rest of the overheads as we grow those businesses. So I would expect overheads in Developing Markets to grow at or less than the revenue rate over time. I think in Russia and Brazil, in particular, as we talk about these issues, I don't think these issues had an implication on the infrastructure in those countries. It's not like we have to stand back and add a bunch of new people and new capability. I don't think that's the issue. Will we continue to invest in overheads in those countries where we can expand distribution and gain more sales? Yes, we would, but I think it would be more on the opportunity upside than just correcting some of the things we talked about today.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great. Lastly, Dave, are you updating your interest expense guidance at all for 2013? It seems like the plan as to how you utilize your cash is different. I have $1.2 billion in my model. Is there any reason for me to change it?
David A. Brearton: We haven't -- I don't think we've ever given specific interest expense guidance. But I think you can probably work it out yourself pretty easily.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Maybe it's time, Dave.
David A. Brearton: So we are going to end up starting the year with more debt than normal and as that matures, we're going to use our free cash to pay it down and the maturities are basically in March and May that we're talking about. So you could probably model that out fairly quickly. Unfortunately, the cash that I have on the balance sheet doesn't deliver much income. So it really is going to be excess interest cost in the first half and then to a more normal level in the back half.
Operator: This concludes the allotted time for today's Q&A session. I will now turn the floor back over to management for any closing marks.
Dexter Congbalay: Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call. We'll be happy to take your questions later this evening or, of course, over the next few days. And we'll see you the next quarter. Thank you. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher Jakubik Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David A. Brearton - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Kraft Foods Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Kraft management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Chris Jakubik, Vice President, Investor Relations for Kraft. Please go ahead, sir.
Christopher Jakubik: Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and Dave Brearton, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release. This release, along with today's slides, are available on our website, kraftfoodscompany.com. As you know, during this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we view things today, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. So please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. Let me now turn it over to Irene.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon. We had a terrific first quarter, and we've continued our momentum throughout the first half. Specifically, we delivered strong growth on both the top and bottom line, consistent with our full year guidance. What's more, our business performance has been quite resilient. That's despite a weakening macroeconomic and consumer environment in some markets. That resilience is a direct result of our strategy to drive a virtuous cycle of growth around the world. We focused on our Power Brands and priority markets to drive strong organic revenue growth. We aggressively drove productivity and managed overhead cost, and we reinvested our savings in sales and distribution, in marketing support and in new products to perpetuate that growth. We've now got a virtuous cycle operating in each of our regions, and it provides a solid foundation to launch our global snacks and North American grocery businesses later this year. From a global category perspective, through the first 6 months of the year, we delivered strong growth in both biscuits and chocolate. Biscuits were up 8% with strength in both developed and developing markets. In North America, biscuits grew mid single digits. This result was driven by great performance of Triscuit and Honey Maid crackers, together with the continued strength of new products like belVita and Newtons Fruit Thins. Across Europe, biscuits increased high single digits, led by global growth platforms, such as belVita and Oreo. Each platform was up 30% or more. Chocobakery, another one of our global big bets, was up more than 20%. In Developing Markets, biscuits grew low to mid teens led by Oreo, up 27% and strong contributions from other brands, such as Club Social, TUC and Barney. Global Chocolate grew 5% in the first half. In Developing Markets, chocolate rose high single digits, led by mid teens growth of Lacta in Brazil and Cadbury Dairy Milk in India. In Europe, chocolate increased low to mid single digits. Global platforms like snacks, bite-sized chocolates, Crispello and Cadbury Bubbly bars have continued to drive strong revenue growth as well as market share in 14 of 17 countries. In fact, the only challenge in our global snacks portfolio remains Gum & Candy, with revenues essentially flat in the first half. Gum, in particular, continues to be weak. In fact, in developed markets, the rate of decline was similar to 2011 levels. In Developing Markets though, gum is still growing, but at a slower pace. Brazil is a case in point. In the second quarter, our Brazilian gum revenue declined, driven by softening category trends. Despite the lower revenue, however, we gained share due to strong merchandising and programming. But we offset much of the weakness in markets like Brazil by posting robust growth in other regions. For example, in Central and Eastern Europe, revenue was up high teens. And in some other markets, especially the Middle East and Africa, we generated strong growth. That said, given the high consumption among teenagers and the disproportionate impact of the economy on this group, we believe gum is unlikely to return to historical growth rates in the near term. We do, however, expect trends to improve in the back half of the year with the launch of a number of innovations. And we remain confident that gum will be an important contributor to our long-term growth. On the bottom line, global snacks is doing quite well. We successfully priced to recover higher input costs, and we continue to increase productivity and leverage overheads to fund further investments to drive growth and improve margins. Turning to the North American grocery business. Tony Vernon and his team also delivered solid top and bottom line growth in the first half. Driving this growth are Power Brands, like Kraft Macaroni & Cheese, Kool-Aid and Oscar Mayer Lunchables, as well as new products like MiO beverage concentrates and VELVEETA Cheesy Skillets. We've also successfully priced across the portfolio to recover higher input costs. This pricing, along with a continued focus on productivity and reducing overheads, drove bottom line growth. So while our teams around the world have been delivering these strong first half results, we've also been busy preparing to launch 2 industry-leading public companies. Those preparations are going quite well. In fact, we announced today that we plan to spin off Kraft Foods Group, our North American grocery business, on October 1. As we outlined in today's press release, the spin-off remains subject to a Canadian tax ruling and final approval from our Board of Directors. The timing of this spin reflects good progress on several key milestones. Earlier this year, we separated our U.S. sales operations. And the division of our manufacturing facilities, distribution network and IT systems is on track to be completed by the start of the fourth quarter. Both leadership teams are now complete, with the appointment of Kim Rucker, as General Counsel of our North American grocery business; and Tracey Belcourt as Head of Strategy for our global snacks business. We've made all the key personnel decisions throughout the organization, and both teams are ready to hit the ground running at launch. Today, we also announced the composition of the Board of Directors for each company. As you can see in today's release, both boards will include current Kraft Foods Inc. directors, who will provide continuity, as well as new individuals who will bring fresh perspectives. In addition, we've essentially completed the migration of $10 billion of debt to Kraft Foods Group, consistent with its capital structure. As a result, I'm confident and truly excited that each business is ready and well positioned to drive top-tier shareholder returns by focusing on its distinct shareholder priorities. Now, I'll turn over the call over to Dave to discuss our results in more detail.
David A. Brearton: Thanks, Irene, and good afternoon. As you can see, we delivered another solid quarter of top line growth, with organic revenue up 3.4%. Through the first half, which equalizes the impact of Easter, organic revenue grew 4.9%. That's right in line with our annual organic revenue growth guidance of around 5%. And consistent with our virtuous cycle, Power Brands led the way, up 8% in the first half with gains in each region. It's important to note that we delivered modest vol/mix growth despite the impact of pricing actions taken over the last year. This reflects the continued investments in and the health of our brands. As we said last quarter, we expect the impact of pricing in the second half to diminish as we begin to lap actions taken in the back half last year. Our product pruning initiatives in North America will continue. Pruning negatively affected our first half results by about 0.5 percentage point. For the full year, we expect pruning to reduce our growth rate by up to 1 point. Let's turn to profits. Adjusted operating income increased 8% in the second quarter. Pricing and productivity gains more than offset about $365 million of higher raw material costs. Please note that adjusted operating income is what we previously called underlying operating income. There is no change to the definition, only the label. To drive our virtuous growth cycle, we continue to invest in advertising and consumer support. A&C spending in the quarter grew in line with sales and remained at about 8% of revenue. To help fund this investment, we continue to leverage overheads, which were essentially flat. As a result, adjusted operating income margin increased 180 basis points to 15.8%. What about earnings per share? Operating EPS rose nearly 10% in both the second quarter and first half of 2012. On a constant-currency basis, operating EPS was up about 13% in the quarter and more than 11% in the first half. This puts us slightly ahead of our full year guidance. In the second quarter, operating gains drove the improvement, despite a pension headwind of about $0.01. Outside of the operating gains, 3 factors netted to neutral in the quarter. We had a favorable impact of $0.05 from the change in unrealized gains and losses from hedging activities, which was offset by unfavorable currency of $0.03 and the lapping of last year's benefit from accounting calendar changes of $0.02. Below the line, the benefit of lower interest expense was offset by the change in taxes. Next, as you can see, we posted a high-quality increase in operating EPS. Let's now take a look at each region's performance. In North America, we delivered solid top line growth of 1.7% in the second quarter and 2.3% for the first half. Across each business segment, carryover pricing drove the growth. Given the significant increase in pricing, first half elasticity was essentially in line with expectations. Vol/mix was down about 2.5 percentage points, of which about 1 point was from pruning low-margin products. Power Brands fueled growth in the first half, increasing 6%. As Irene mentioned earlier, MiO and VELVEETA Cheesy Skillets were standout performers in the first half of the grocery side of the business. In only its second year, MiO continues to have high awareness among consumers and repeat buying levels have been excellent. Revenue through the first half of the year more than doubled to over $100 million. This was propelled by especially strong results from recently introduced energy SKUs. VELVEETA Dinners was up more than 30%, driven by the excellent performance of Cheesy Skillets. And in Beverages, our Kool-Aid brand grew 7%, fueled by strong results from Kool-Aid Jammers. On the snack side of our house, Newtons increased 23% as new Fruit Thins and 100% whole grains SKUs drove the growth. Oreo continued to reap the benefits of retail support around its 100th birthday, growing 9%. And in crackers, Honey Maid and Triscuit were up 17% and 10%, respectively, driven by base business gains, strong sales execution and innovation. New products continued to provide major contributions to growth in North America. For example, Planters Men's Health NUTrition is on track to generate more than $25 million this year. belVita breakfast biscuits is expected to reach at least $50 million. And Oscar Mayer Selects is expected to be a $100 million platform this year. Now let's take a look at profit in North America. Adjusted segment operating income grew 9% in the second quarter, while margin increased 150 basis points to 19.7%. This was driven by 2 factors: carryover pricing actions and significant productivity that more than offset higher raw material costs and overhead cost discipline that led to lower SG&A. Turning now to Europe. Our European business, once again, delivered strong results. This is especially encouraging in light of the increasingly difficult economic environment in the Eurozone. Organic revenues grew 1.4% in the second quarter and 4.2% in the first half, normalizing for the Easter shift. Power Brands led the way, up 7% in the first half. Vol/mix was strong, contributing 1.6 points to growth despite the weak economic environment and significant carryover pricing from prior periods. Top line growth in the first half was broad based. Biscuits revenue was up high single digit with a good balance between vol/mix and pricing. As Irene mentioned, growth of Oreo, belVita and our chocobakery platform led the way. In addition, LU was up 10%, behind the new marketing campaign. Coffee also increased high single digits, all due to pricing. Vol/mix was essentially flat as the mix benefit from double digit growth of the Tassimo and Millicano platforms offset volume declines in roast and ground. Chocolate grew low to mid single digits, driven by strong vol/mix. Milka, for example, grew high single digits, fueled by growth in our snack small bites platform plus strong marketing support behind its 111th anniversary. I'd also note that our chocolate market share in the U.K. is higher than at any time in recent history, and we expect that strength to continue, supported by our new Cadbury campaigns around the London Olympics and Joyville, as well as successful product launches, such as our Bubbly platform. Cheese was up low single digits, led by 7% growth of Philadelphia across the continent. And our new Philly line with Cadbury is off to a strong start in the U.K. So what about gum? Gum & Candy remains our main challenge and was down double digits in the first half. With much of our European gum business in France, Spain and Greece, we felt the full impact of the Eurozone crisis, and we're prepared for a challenging, if not deteriorating, economic environment for the remainder of the year. That said, we're optimistic about our innovation pipeline. We'll have some great new products launching later this year, and they'll be supported by strong merchandising and programming. As a result, we expect some improvement in gum trends in the back half. Turning to profits. Adjusted segment operating income declined 13% in Europe. However, this includes negative impacts of 8 percentage points from unfavorable currency and 9 points from the lapping of accounting calendar changes one year ago. Excluding these impacts, Europe segment operating income was up mid single digits. In the quarter, we benefited from pricing catching up to higher input costs, productivity gains and continued overhead leverage. These gains more than offset the significantly higher A&C investments we've made behind our Power Brands. A&C was up high single digits versus Q2 last year. OI margin therefore expanded 30 basis points to 13.7%. In Developing Markets, organic revenue grew 7.6% in the second quarter and 9.5% for the first half, which normalizes for the Easter shift. Growth reflected good balance between pricing and vol/mix. Power Brands grew 13% in the first half, fueled by Oreo, up 27%; as well as Tang and Lacta, each up 16%. We delivered these results despite challenging economic conditions in certain key markets. Here is where our geographic diversity differentiates us. As you may remember, we don't rely on any single country or region to deliver growth. Brazil, for example, accounts for less than 5% of Kraft's total revenue. China and India continue to grow strongly, but so did our Middle East and Africa region, especially in Egypt and the GCC countries, as well as other markets, such as Argentina. This helped offset slowdowns in Russia and Brazil. Overall growth was broad based across each of our 4 regions, led by Latin America and the Middle East and Africa. Both were up double digits. Asia-Pacific grew high single digits, while Central and Eastern Europe increased mid single digits. So what about our BRIC markets? China increased more than 30%, driven by 45% growth of Oreo and strong programming behind our biscuit portfolio, Cadbury Eclairs and Halls. India grew more than 20% with a strong performance in chocolate and candy. However, Russia slowed to mid single digits due primarily to weakness in the chocolate category. In Brazil, we delivered mid single digit gains in the first half. The growth was essentially flat in the second quarter. This reflected weakening economic conditions and categories, as well as the Easter shift. Adjusting for Easter, chocolate performance in Brazil remained strong in the quarter. Biscuits growth was also solid. However, gum declined low teens due to a category slowdown and higher than expected volume elasticity as we increased prices. We recognize that we're not immune to the increasingly challenging economic environments in certain markets, but we believe we're positioned to deliver top-tier growth in developing markets. Why? Because of our geographic diversity, focused investment in Power Brands and continually improving sales and distribution capabilities. Turning to profits. Adjusted segment operating income declined 1% across Developing Markets. However, this included negative impacts of 8 percentage points from unfavorable currency and 2 points from lapping accounting calendar changes in the prior year. Excluding these impacts, adjusted OI grew high single digits as effective cost management and vol/mix more than offset significant investments in A&C. As a result, adjusted OI margin rose 40 basis points to 14.6%. Now let's turn to our outlook. Our first half results are on track with the guidance we provided at the start of this year. We continue to expect organic net revenue growth of approximately 5%, including a negative impact of up to one point of growth from product pruning in North America. It's clear that the economic picture remains challenging with some markets softening further from the start of the year. Nevertheless, our brand-building investments continue to pay off in the form of solid top line momentum. In terms of earnings, we continue to expect operating EPS growth of at least 9% on a constant currency basis. That's within our long-term target range from 9% to 11%. As you may recall, this guidance includes a pension headwind of approximately 4 percentage points, yet also reflects the expected increase in our operating effective tax rate to about 28% this year. That's up from around 24% a year ago. As I mentioned earlier, we're running a little ahead of operating EPS guidance by growing 11% on a constant-currency basis in the first half, but we're maintaining our current guidance and would expect to reinvest any upside in the second half. Bottom line, our first half momentum has us on track to deliver solid performance, consistent with our outlook for the full year. So let's talk about the spin. Again, subject to receiving a tax ruling from Canada Revenue Agency and final approval from our Board of Directors, we're targeting an October 1 spin-off date. Between now and then, there are several key activities. We expect the Kraft Foods Group Form 10 to become effective in mid August. We plan to have the Mondelez Investor Presentation the afternoon of Thursday, September 6, in Boston at the end of the Barclays Back-to-School Conference. Kraft Foods Group will hold it investor presentation the following morning, September 7, also in Boston. Both companies will then have separate road shows in mid to late September. On the spin date, each eligible shareholder will receive 1 share of Kraft Foods Group for every 3 shares of Kraft Foods Inc. We expect when-issued trading of both company stock to begin in mid September with regular trading of both companies on the NASDAQ exchange on October 2. Kraft Foods Group will trade under the symbol KRFT. Today's Kraft Foods Inc. will change its name to Mondelez International and will trade under the symbol MDLZ. The KFT ticker symbol will be retired at that time. Of course, we'll provide more details as they become available. Now, I'll turn the call back to Irene for some concluding remarks.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Thanks, Dave. As you can see, we continue to deliver excellent results in the second quarter and first half. Our business momentum remains strong, and we're well positioned to launch 2 industry-leading companies on October 1. This reflects the strategy and actions we've taken over the past 6 years when we began our journey to change the trajectory of our business and deliver sustainable, profitable growth. We've made excellent progress by focusing on Power Brands, high-growth categories and fast-growing markets, driving savings through end-to-end cost management and using those savings to expand margins and reinvest in brand building and innovation. These actions, together with some significant portfolio moves, have fundamentally changed the face, the footprint and the prospects for our company. That's a tribute to the dedication of our 126,000 employees around the world. I am truly indebted to them for their hard work, for their love of our company and their willingness to do what it takes, regardless of the obstacles, to achieve our goals. As a result of these efforts, we've created a virtuous cycle in each of our regions. All the ingredients for sustainable, profitable growth are now in place for both companies. They include terrific portfolios of beloved iconic brands, strong operating momentum and world-class leadership teams, ready and able to take the business to the next level. Following months of preparation, we're poised to take the next step toward an even brighter future. With that, let me open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just 2 questions. One, I guess more of a clarification just in terms of the October 1 date it are there any hurdles in between now and then that we have to think about that might -- that could potentially postpone that date?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: We don't see any deal breakers, Bryan. We -- as we've said, we're on track to do the spin. We've a lot of stuff to do between now and then. The Canada Revenue Agency ruling is not a deal-breaker, but it is the biggest outstanding item that we have. But we do expect to hear shortly about that.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then second, just in terms of your organic revenue outlook for the year. If you look at the second quarter slowed sequentially from the first quarter, but you've maintained your 5% growth outlook for the year. So can you talk a little bit about some of the factors that you see that gives you the confidence to kind of re-accelerate the growth rate in the second half? And then also just, I guess, has there been any change in the way that Kraft has looked at where the contribution of that growth would come from, I guess more in between the 3 segments? So has the trajectory, the growth rate -- organic growth trajectory changed at all in any of the 3 segments versus what you were looking at earlier this year?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Simple answer is that most of the slowdown that you see in Q2 is really attributable to the Easter shift. And we actually feel quite pleased with our first half performance, and we've got some challenging comps in the back half of the year. But we do believe that the virtuous cycle that we've got going in each of the regions, the strong growth that we've got on our Power Brands and our continued strong A&C support and strong innovation pipeline should allow us to continue to fuel the momentum. And that's consistent with our reconfirming the guidance that we've given for the full year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask just a question on the separation? Would I be right in thinking that the plan is not to have another step-up in overall corporate costs as a result of the separation? I believe that the cost savings are from the sales outsourcing initiatives and other restructuring activities that you announced earlier in the year that I think cost about $1.7 billion. Any step-up will be included within that so we won't see yet another step-up in overall cost. Am I right in thinking that?
David A. Brearton: What we've said, and I think we actually talked to in the Form 10, Alexia, was that there would be some dis-synergies. And corporate would obviously be part of that. But we've taken a clean sheet and really tried to design organizations for both companies that would allow them to focus on the strategies and the value-creation opportunities they each see. And that the savings, as we do that, would offset the dis-synergies over time. So we have said that, and you're right, that's really where the restructuring money came back to.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: That's great. And then one quick follow-up just on the fundamentals. It looked as though Developing Markets margin expansion was very strong last quarter, but fairly weak this time. Was there anything going on with brand building? Or were there other factors that were really driving that inflection?
David A. Brearton: No I think our Developing Markets margins actually increased again this quarter. I mean, I wouldn't get overly uptight about it going up hugely 1 quarter and less the next quarter. I think year-to-date, we're up and even in the second quarter, we were up about 40 basis points. So we feel pretty good about the margin trends in our Developing Markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: In looking at the margin structure in North American grocery this quarter, obviously there was a pretty healthy level of margin improvement on a year-over-year basis. A lot of that -- you talked about being the dynamic between pricing and costs and productivity starting to work a lot more in your favor. So what I'm trying to get a sense of is, how much of a margin improvement that you're starting to see there is that versus a lot of the structural actions that you're taking right around your cost structure and such? Because what I'm trying to get a sense of is how much, obviously, on the margin side for grocery is there to come? Because in theory that I think will -- should be a large part of this or a major part of the story for grocery right around where the potential opportunity may be going forward. So I'm trying to get a sense of any perspective -- I know you can't lay it all out yet, but any perspective of the magnitude around the opportunity in margins for grocery, given that you've already seen quite a bit, but I'm assuming that's more a cost dynamic playing out rather than the structural action.
David A. Brearton: I think you're right. I'm not going to give you any guidance going forward. We'll have to wait until we have the, those Investor Days in September. And Tony Vernon and his team will give you a better sense for the margin going forward. In terms of quarter 2, it's both. I mean, 19.7% in the quarter is a high number. But I'd remind you that quarter 2 is usually our highest quarter on margin, and that's been the case over many, many years. The increase this year was a result of overhead savings so those are the structural savings you're talking about. But it also was gross margin improvement as we were able to price and recover some of the costs that last year at this time, we were kind of lagging commodities a little bit. So we're able to get back on track at that. I think if you were to go back a couple of years, the quarter 2 margin was actually around 19%. So you are seeing a benefit as we look at this quarter versus, let's say, 2 years ago. And that is, I would say, structural from productivity, as well as overheads. But I can't translate that for you into future trajectory.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then just as a second one, thinking about gum again for a minute. In covering or having tracked the 2 sort of major gum players as individual public companies over a number of years going back a while, it always seemed like in developed markets, and especially in Developing Markets, quarter in, quarter out, the rate of growth from a category perspective for gum and for the major players was generally, without fail, sort of top tier when you think about global categories in food, and frankly, even beyond across staples. I realize there's been a very big macro shift that, Irene, you've talked about over a number of quarters. That's certainly impacting the category a bit. But from all of the work that you've been doing and the study on this, do you think that's really it? Like does that explain all of the sort of slowdown that we've been seeing and your commentary around not getting back to that historical rate of growth, certainly in the near term? I mean is there something else going on that you can sort of determine? Because it just seems like this is a category that, over a very long period of time, has been an incredibly consistent grower.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yes -- No. I mean, I -- we remain confident that as we look to the longer term, Andrew, that the -- it will continue to get back on that trajectory. As I said in my remarks, though, I think it's going to take a while. Teenagers are the biggest consumers of gum. Therefore caps are down, that's a key driver of the softness that we're seeing. And it's going to take some time to be able to -- a lot of that is about the macroeconomic environment. But then there are some actions that we've talked about unique to our franchise, the price value offerings to make sure that we have the adequate offerings under $1. And we've taken a number of actions in key markets around the world to address that, and we're starting to see the benefits of that play through. Both players, over the last couple of years, as we've discussed for different reasons, had cut back on A&C while aggressively pricing. We have taken actions to restore our A&C support behind the category. We've got a new campaign behind our Trident brand, and it's having some good early results. And last, there are some things we're doing to just simplify our overall architecture. We frankly got over-skewed. So I do think there are a number of actions that we're taking. We're starting to see that play through our share performance. It's been quite strong around the world. I think some of the macro trends will get better. And we're making sure that we're making the necessary investments so that as those trends improve, we're well positioned. But I don't think there's anything we're seeing structurally that would preclude this category from coming back to its long-term trends. Itll just take a little longer than we thought.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I would ask you first if I could, Irene, in relation to Developing Markets, you obviously have -- you've noted some more challenging macro conditions overall. You talked about Brazil, for example, as a market where you've had a strong share position, but certainly just weaker overall growth. So my question will be that what markets beyond Brazil should we be kind of aware of or watching out for? And then in those markets, it sounds -- are they like Brazil? Are you're seeing a pretty strong share position or just a softer overall growth rate?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yes, I'll tell you the 2 markets that are of some concern to us are Brazil and Russia as we look in our overall Developing Markets mix. But as we said earlier, the reality is we've got a pretty diverse footprint among our Developing Markets. And so although we have seen a slowdown in markets like Brazil and Russia, we've been -- that's been offset by strength in market by China and India as well as the results we've gotten in Middle East and Africa. So we've had some very strong -- we grew almost 10% in the first half as you see in our Developing Markets. We feel quite good that we've got a nice virtuous cycle growing. We're continuing to support our key franchises, and we're quite confident that it will continue that -- that group of countries will continue to be strong contributors. We may see some weakening in one country or another over time.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. If I can just ask one quick follow-up. And thatll just be I don't know if you gave any numbers around this, David, to what -- what's the amount of cost inflation we should expect for the year? Is that -- is that all, it changed at all? Certainly, there's been a lot of questions given the recent grain inflation that we've seen. Has that affected your outlook at all?
David A. Brearton: Yes, I think at the start of the year, we said that our cost inflation and our cost of goods sold will be in the low to mid single digits. As I sit here today, it's likely to be towards the top end of that so around the mid single digits. So costs have gone up a bit from what we thought. It's nothing dramatic. Seriously, I think we live in a world where commodities are going to go up and down quite a bit over time. I think we're just going to have to live with that. The most important thing is that we can price to recover that. And I think we've shown over the last couple of years that we -- as long as we invest in our brands, as long as we have new products, we can invest, and we can drive pricing to recover the commodities. And so we're pretty comfortable that we can manage the cost inflation that you're seeing today.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a very quick question. I was a little unclear about the guidance that you're guiding to operational EPS growth at the low end of 9% to 11%. But it looks like currency is a greater headwind than anyone would have expected. So do you have an EPS kind of hit estimate for what currency would be this year?
David A. Brearton: Yes, we don't give currency forecast. Actually, our 9% to 11% EPS growth over the long term, as well as the, at least, 9% guidance we gave for 2012 were both constant currency figures. So you saw in the quarter that currency hit us for $0.03. Currency's been pretty volatile over the last year or so. So we don't do forecast for currency. I can say with confidence that we will hit the guidance we gave you of being, at least, 9% EPS growth on a constant currency basis.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. But do you think the currency hit, if it's $0.03 in the second quarter, is it -- do you think it's going to be worse in third and fourth?
David A. Brearton: I don't want to get into forecasting currency. But $0.03 in the second quarter is -- I think it's an average of a bucket of currencies so that you could probably check where the U.S. dollar is versus last year.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just to keep hammering on it but if you did $0.68 here and with a $0.03 hit, if it did -- were your results about $0.03 better than you thought they would be then?
David A. Brearton: Yes, I think our results were stronger than we expected in the first half, that's true. We're about 11% up versus prior year in the first half on a constant currency basis, and our full year guidance is, at least, 9% on a constant currency basis. So we are running ahead of that trend. And so I said in the script, our intention would be to reinvest that favorability and keep the virtuous cycle momentum going through in the balance of the year.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, so reinvest the -- above the first -- that's upside.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I want to understand the advertising, the A&C spending across the quarter. First, just let me just clarify, Dave, you said that on Slide 6, that A&C spending was in line with revenue. But revenue was down 4%. Were you talking on a local currency basis?
David A. Brearton: Yes, I'm talking constant currency basis. So our revenue in the first half is up about 5%; then A&C spending on a constant currency basis as well would be about the same.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So in the slides and the Developing Markets and in Europe, you said that A&C support was up significantly but you didn't list what it was in North America. And it kind of goes to Andrew's question that you show a 19.7% margin and no comment on A&C direction. Can you give a little more clarity to that? And did that have some impact on the fact that volumes were down in the quarter because I assume mix was a positive for the North American business in the vol/mix component?
David A. Brearton: A&C was not a significant impact on margin. So if you're worried that we were, let's say, cutting back on A&C and boosting margins to hurt our -- and that hurt our volumes, no, that was not the case. We continue to support our brands, and I think you can see that with Power Brand growth. So the stuff that we're really focusing on was up 6% in North America in a pretty difficult economic environment. So no, there's nothing hidden behind the numbers.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: All right. And then I guess I've kind of focused on this cash flow issue. And now, you're splitting the company up sooner than expected, and maybe we'll get some clarity on this in the Form 10s and stuff. But you had roughly $2 billion of cash flowing out this year between the old Cadbury restructuring cost, the debt stuff and then the restructuring to make all this happen. So where are we on all that cash flow, and how does the date being earlier affect it? Does that mean that the cash outflow could be into the December quarter but it will be absorbed by the separate companies however it splits, or is it all going to get done by October 1? How does all that work with this split being brought forward?
David A. Brearton: Yes, I think the amount of cash that hits the calendar year, if I just focus on the 12 months, I wouldn't expect that, that will change much because the spin costs were obviously all going to happen this year anyway. So the stuff that was going into next year was more completely in the restructuring as we set up both businesses for success. We didn't talk about cash flow in the earnings release. But you'll see on the 10-Q when we file that, that our cash flow is above where it was last year. So we're in -- we're actually off to a pretty good start, despite, as you indicate, funding the Cadbury integration as well as the spin costs in the year-to-date results.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Irene, is this the last quarter then that you'll report as the CEO of the combined companies? Because if it's October 1, I'm thinking we're not going to get another combined report. That's correct, right?
David A. Brearton: I think -- I can tell you we're probably not going to talk to it. We will have to file a KSP 10-Q at the end of the third quarter, just like we will at the end of this quarter. So we'll have to do that. We will then have to file carve out financials as an addendum to the Form 10 for GroceryCo, so we will do that. And we will also need to file a revised Mondelez International financials that show GroceryCo as a discontinued operation. All of that will come out in the third quarter. And as you think forward to November when we do our third quarter earnings call, we'll probably focus on that last bit. We'll focus on Mondelez International and so that you can start thinking about the future. We're not likely to give you any commentary on what will, by then, be a standalone Kraft Foods Group.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that makes sense. Irene, can you compare and contrast the difficulties of growing volumes in the United States today versus the Kraft European business? And what's so interesting about the numbers today is that most investors seem absolutely worried about Europe. But it grew volumes 1.6% in the first half, while the North American operation saw volume down 2.4%. What are your thoughts?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: First of all, I feel really quite good about the performance that we've seen around the world in some very challenging economic conditions. Weve delivered solid growth everywhere. And I feel this contribution of vol/mix, if you take out the impact of Easter and pruning, is really quite impressive in each of the regions around the world. The difference you would see though, David, as you look at North America is the impact of pruning. And that would have been about a point in, actually, a point in the first half. So we feel that -- and the contribution therefore of vol/mix in each of our regions was really quite strong, particularly, in light of the fact that we took very aggressive pricing.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Do you see anything slowing the Kraft European momentum in the back half of the year?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, look -- it's a challenging economic environment. We are very pleased with our performance. And I think a lot of the elements that have driven that performance so far will be in place as we look at the balance of the year. We will continue to distort our resources towards our Power Brands within the gross that we shared with you. That was approximately 4% for the first half. Our Power Brands were up about 7% because we've been distorting our resources. We've got a very strong innovation pipeline in each of our core franchises. We've got the Chocolate Philly in the Cream Cheese business. We've got Millicano in the coffee business as well as Tassimo. We've got Bubbly, as well as Crispello and small bites in the chocolate business. And we've got the opportunity to extend our biscuit -- core biscuit innovations, particularly belVita into new territories so all of that will continue to be in place as we look at the back half of the year. All that said, we would expect the contribution from pricing in the back half will moderate a little bit as we start to lap some of the pricing that we took a year ago. But net-net, we feel very good about the performance of our European business, and we believe that the elements that have driven it are sustainable, and we will continue to outperform.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Irene, that European business has been really wonderful so very good job on that. Final question for me is just if you can speak -- it's probably a question better for Tony, but I really want to ask the North American single-serve coffee strategy, if you're willing to talk about it. The Starbucks and Green Mountain have launched new machines, and this is a massive brand for the North American business. How is Tassimo set up to compete in the big holiday season this year? And can you comment on the arbitration proceedings with Starbucks related to the ground coffee business?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well obviously, this is a very important subject that Tony will talking about in the context of the roadshow. But what I will underscore is that coffee remains a critical category in our North American portfolio. Our opportunity to compete in all the key segments of the coffee -- of the coffee business is important to us. On-demand, obviously, one of the fastest-growing segments and we will be a player. Tassimo is our global lead, and we will continue to look at opportunities to expand our participation in on-demand coffee. But I think you'll hear more about some of those details as Tony and the team take you through the roadshow materials. With respect to Starbucks, we remain confident in the merits of our case. As you're aware, the arbitration began in mid July. It should be folding up momentarily. And so I've got nothing to update beyond that.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Two questions on revenue. The first, organic revenue of about 5% for the year. I think you did about the same number for the first half. So implying about the same for the second half, you're talking about, I think pruning, perhaps being a little bit more of a drag in the second half and pricing rolling off. So I assume that means accelerating volume trends. And if so, you made the comments on gum. Is that really the source of the acceleration in volume, or are there other factors at work?
David A. Brearton: I think we would -- as pricing tails off, last year, pricing really kicked in and our vol/mix was not that strong in the back half. So as we get into the back half this year, pricing is going to tail off a bit as a driver. But we would look to vol/mix to become a bigger source of growth. So we would see for those two to kind of balance out and allow us to still be approximately 5% on the year.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And second on revenue. Could you comment on revenue synergies at the Mondelez part of your business? It would be around this time, a little -- we've gotten some time in between now and the Cadbury acquisition that you should be harvesting opportunities that the cultures would be there and in place, such that you'd be finding the white space for each of your big parts of your business in certain geographies. Are you seeing that accelerating synergies at play this year?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: We are, David. I think certainly on the cost side, we feel terrific about the performance so far. On the revenue side, we've said that we would generate approximately $1 billion. Through 2012, we will have generated about $700 million of that $1 billion. So we generated about $400 million last year. We'll hit about $300 million this year, and we feel quite good about the source of those revenue synergies. About half of them are coming from route to market, the opportunity to take brand. For example, in India to take our Tang and our Oreo brands through our chocolate distribution system, the opportunity in Mexico to take some of our biscuit businesses through our gum distribution system. So we're seeing nice synergies in terms of route to market as we had expected. About 1/3 of our revenue synergies will come from just the opportunity to just expand our brand franchises. We've delivered the highest share in our U.K. chocolate business in the history of the business. And so we feel very good about the performance there. We've had very continued, very strong performance against Cadbury Dairy Milk in markets like India and Australia. So those brand extensions, the acceleration of global platforms, businesses like Crispello or Bubbly are serving us quite well. And the remainder's coming from white-space opportunities, bringing brands like Oreo into Greece and the opportunity to bring Oreo into India and again on the back of the distribution system. So we feel the revenue synergies are coming in. We had said that we would generate about 0.5 to 1 point of growth in 2012 from revenue synergies, and we're very much on track to do that. That will be about $300 million. And as I said, we will exit this year at about $700 million of the $1 billion in revenue synergies.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kenneth Zaslow of Bank of Montreal.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: You said that any out-performance would be reinvested back into the company. Can you talk about 2 things with this? One is, is there a part of it that would just go back to offset the FX side of it, and then any out-performance that would not go back and just be allocated back to the company? How would you decide on allocating between the global snacks and the North American grocery?
David A. Brearton: Yes, we're not going to cover the ForEx. So we said we'd give guidance of, at least, 9% on a constant currency basis. And that's really what we're targeting. So we're not going to reinvest to cover ForEx. It really would be reinvesting to the sustained virtuous cycle and continue investing on our brand. In terms of specifics...
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Like how would you allocate it between the global snacks and the North American grocery? Is it where it's earned? Is it like a philosophy to which you're going to be thinking about it?
David A. Brearton: I think -- I don't want to get into guidance for quarter 4 or quarter 3 at this stage, which is kind of what that would come down to. But I would say that like anytime we face these decisions, we would be focusing on our Power Brands first, and we'd be focusing on the investments with the highest payback, both for 2012 and 2013. Irene and I are interested in the success of both companies next year so we're not going to be biased one way or the other where we invest that.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And my other last question is you kind of pointed out that Brazil, Russia, Spain and Greece are somewhat of a little bit more challenging. And in there, you kind of more pointed to gum. Are there parts of your portfolio within those 4 regions that you feel very comfortable about that, that's actually outpacing expectations anywhere? Or is it -- I guess what I'm trying to get at is it all gum in those 4 reasons -- regions? Or is it other products?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: No, in fact, I guess the most important point, Ken, is that we do feel good about our share performance in those regions. It's just the categories are taking a huge hit. In markets like Greece, it is disproportionately about gum. But in Brazil and Russia, we have a fairly strong portfolio, and we are seeing good performance from a share standpoint but some of our categories are being hit, given the macroeconomic environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Aaron of RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered. I just wanted to ask a question on the North American beverage business. I thought the numbers might bounce back a little bit more, just given the under-shipment that you had in Q1. Can you maybe just give us an update on kind of a sell-in versus the sell-through dynamics in beverage, especially around the coffee business?
David A. Brearton: Yes, I don't think we have a sell-in versus sell-through sort of issue as we look at the beverages business today. So it was certainly weaker in the first quarter than second quarter, but I think through the first half, we've kind of equalized that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just wanted to revisit Europe. Results have, obviously, been very resilient through the first half of the year, but you did highlight more difficult macro conditions during the second quarter, spoke to Gum & Candy in Southern Europe. Could you go into just a bit more detail on what you're seeing across key markets, and where on the margin things might be becoming a bit more difficult outside of Southern Europe? And if you look at market share in aggregate across your categories, are you still comfortable that you're gaining share in more than 50% within the region?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Again, I feel very good about our performance in Europe. In fact, we've got over 70% of our shares there rolling so I think we've seen very strong performance. As I mentioned in my remarks, we saw our share growing in 14 of 17 countries. So we're feeling quite good about our performance across the continent, including the U.K. The challenge really has been Southern Europe, and there, it has been disproportionately a gum issue. But our core categories really are doing exceptionally well across the landscape there. And it comes back to the fact it's about distorting our resources on those key Power Brands. We've got some exciting new campaigns in support of Cadbury Dairy Milk, as well as Milka, as well as some  a terrific innovation pipeline that I've talked about a couple of times on this call, all of which together are helping to fuel our strong performance. And I expect that, that will continue as we exit the year despite the challenging macroeconomic conditions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Priya Ohri-Gupta of Barclays.
Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a quick one. It looks like you used just over $4 billion of the Kraft Foods Group bond issuance to pay down some of your short-term obligations. How should we think about the remaining $2 billion of debt reduction? Should we think about it in terms of 1H '13 maturities, or is there another piece that we should be thinking about?
David A. Brearton: We're just -- we're working through those alternatives today. You're right, we've got about $2 billion of excess cash, I'll call it today versus where we normally would be at this time of year. And we're working through the options, and it will depend on the economics on the debt market what makes sense.
Operator: Your final question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Your North American velocities, if you look at Nielsen data, they've been a bit more sluggish than usual lately. And I realize velocities can ebb and flow, and they're down across food. But yours maybe seem down a bit more than most, at least, per the data. So a couple of questions based on that. First, do the Nielsen data correspond with what you were seeing in your U.S. numbers in terms of velocity? And second, if so, what are some of the drivers behind that? Because it seems your distribution points and promotion are down, and historically, we see the high correlation between velocity and promotion points for you so maybe that's a cause. Just trying to really understand a little bit better what we're seeing in the public data right now.
David A. Brearton: Yes, I guess it's hard for me to bridge your data to our data here, so maybe you can follow up with Chris or Dexter afterwards. But I think directionally, the numbers that we're seeing, we're pretty happy with. Since the separation of the sales force on April 1 and signing in with Acosta, we've actually seen our TVPs go up. As you've seen in the data, our Power Brands are up 6% year-to-date. We're feeling pretty good. And I think even on the secondary brands beyond our sort of standard Power Brands, we're getting a lot better secondary support on things like A.1 and Cool Whip. So I'm not sure exactly what you're looking at. We're actually very happy with the way the separation has gone and the way our grocery brands are being supported. And on the DSD side, we're equally happy. Our biscuits revenue in second quarter was up 7%, which has got to be the highest since the Nabisco acquisition. So I think we are seeing good feature support. We are seeing good TVPs, but we're happy to talk to you about the data you're looking at.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session today. I'll now turn the floor back over to management for closing remark.
Christopher Jakubik: Thanks, everybody, for joining us today. For those in the media that have follow-up questions, Mike Mitchell will be available to take your questions and any of the analysts and investors that have follow-ups, Dexter Congbalay and myself will be available. So thank you, and have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-04 07:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher Jakubik -  Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David A. Brearton - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good day and welcome to Kraft Foods First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Kraft management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Chris Jakubik, Vice President, Investor Relations for Kraft. Please go ahead, sir.
Christopher Jakubik: Thanks. This is Chris Jakubik. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and Dave Brearton, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release. This release, along with today's slides, are available on our website, kraftfoodscompany.com. As you know, during this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. So please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. So with that, let me now turn it over to Irene.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Thanks, Chris, and good afternoon. Let me summarize what you're about to hear by saying we're off to a terrific start in 2012. We delivered strong growth in the first 3 months in both the top and bottom lines. And we're on track to deliver top-tier results again for the full year. Let me highlight several reasons why I'm so confident.  Our brand building investments continue to win over consumers around the world despite tough economic conditions. Our sharpened focus on Power Brands, successful new product innovation and advertising investments have all continued to pay off. This has enabled us to implement the necessary pricing and still deliver positive volume/mix gains and solid market shares.  Of course, there were some puts and takes in the quarter. But our continued business momentum, both in an absolute sense and relative to competition, is undeniable. And we expect to maintain that momentum for the balance of the year as we prepare to separate our global snacks and North American grocery businesses.  Speaking of snacks, we continue to deliver broad-based growth around the world. Global Biscuits were up 8% on a constant currency basis, with Developing Markets growing in the high teens. China was up 40%, leading the way with Oreo growing by more than 60%. TUC and Club Social crackers also continued to post strong performance, up 12% across Developing Markets. Our Biscuit businesses in North America and Europe were also solid, with mid single-digit growth in each region. Again, Oreo was a major driver, while new platforms such as Belvita breakfast biscuits and chocobakery in Europe made significant contributions. Global Chocolate was up 10%. Developing Markets posted a double-digit increase, led by strong growth in Latin America. Brazil was up nearly 30%, driven by strong Easter shipments and leveraging marketing campaigns supporting Lacta's 100th anniversary.  Chocolate in Europe was up high single-digits, including a benefit from the Easter shift. In addition, new products, especially the success of our snacks, small bites platform and increased marketing support behind Cadbury Dairy Milk and Milka drove solid underlying growth. Our sole disappointment remains Gum & Candy, which was up only 1%. Frankly, it's taken us longer to change Gum's trajectory than we had anticipated, largely due to the sluggishness of the macro-environment. In particular, Europe, especially Southern Europe, was a significant factor tempering our Global Gum & Candy growth. Unfortunately, this will likely continue until the European economic environment recovers in key gum markets. Fortunately, despite the market softness, we're seeing some encouraging growth elsewhere in the world. For instance, in the U.S., our retail sales were up slightly in the first quarter. This was driven by new packaging formats, including $0.50 and value packs, as well as strength in Dentyne. And as promised, we'll be launching an exciting gum innovation in the second half, supported by a very creative marketing plan.  In markets such as Brazil and Japan, our brand strength has enabled us to gain share, and we're seeing signs of improvement in key countries. We're up nearly 20% in Turkey, we grew by almost 30% in Russia and by more than 35% in Argentina. We remain confident that gum will be a significant contributor to our long-term growth and that we will see improvement in the second half of the year. Turning to our North American grocery business, Tony Vernon and the team delivered another solid quarter of growth. Innovation and focus on key brands continues to pay off. For example, MiO just celebrated its first birthday, and continues to grow rapidly with the introduction of 2 new energy SKUs, black cherry and green thunder. MiO is already the #2 brand in the energy shot category.  Velveeta skillets has proven to be 90% incremental to our mac & cheese business. And well-established brands like Philadelphia and Miracle Whip each grew double-digits.  On the cost front, our renewed pricing power has allowed us to offset historically high input costs. This includes providing significant value to consumers by offering good, better and best options at different price points in key categories. And finally, the grocery business continues to benefit from End-to-End Cost Management, including negative overhead growth. This provides the fuel to reinvest in brand support.  Let me now turn it over to Dave to provide more detail on our first quarter results.
David A. Brearton: Thanks, Irene, and good afternoon. As Irene noted, we delivered strong first quarter results. Our investments in marketing and innovation continued to strengthen our brands. This in turn has enabled us to take the pricing necessary to offset higher input costs in all of our geographies.  As a result, we delivered organic top line growth of 6.5%. Our Power Brands led the way, up 11%. New products also made significant contributions around the world.  For example, as Irene mentioned, MiO posted a strong performance. Oscar Mayer Selects continued to drive incremental growth in North America.  Our Milka snacks, bite-sized chocolates, Millicano coffee and Philadelphia with chocolate excelled in Europe. And the launch of Barney Biscuits in the Middle East brought local favorites to new white space countries in Developing Markets.  It's important to note that we delivered 1 point of vol/mix growth despite substantially higher pricing. The Easter shift benefited vol/mix by about 1.3 percentage points. And of course, this will reverse in the second quarter. Product pruning in North America also had a negative effect of about 50 basis points. So after netting the impact of these 2 factors, vol/mix was still up modestly. Turning to process. Underlying operating income grew 6%, as pricing fully covered raw material inflation of about $550 million. Vol/mix made a solid contribution to growth. Our underlying operating income margin increased 20 basis points to 14.1%. Although the denominator effect of pricing on the margin calculation tempered margin expansion by about 70 basis points, this was largely offset by overhead leverage. Turning to earnings per share. Operating EPS grows nearly 10% to $0.57, up from $0.52 a year ago. $0.06 of operating gains drove this improvement. And please note that this included a negative impact from higher pension costs of about $0.02.  Outside of the operating gains, a number of other factors netted to a negative $0.02 impact. They include change in unrealized gains and losses from hedging activities and asset impairment charge, the loss of the Starbucks CPG business and a gain on the sale of an asset in Russia.  Below the line, the benefit of lower interest expense was offset by the impact of higher shares outstanding. And favorable foreign currency added $0.01, which means we grew nearly 8% on a constant currency basis. So as you can see, we posted a solid increase in operating EPS, and we did so in a high-quality manner. Now let's take a look at each region's performance in the quarter. I'll start with North America, where our virtuous cycle continues to gain traction. We delivered solid top line growth with organic net revenues up 3%. Power Brands fueled the growth, increasing 6%.  Let me give you some examples of standout performers. Oreo, which celebrated its 100th birthday in March and Miracle Whip behind the new marketing campaign, each grew double digits. Philadelphia increased by more than 20% behind the launch of Philly Indulgence. And Newtons were up nearly 50% with the continued success of Fruit Thins.  In addition to meal, key new platforms, such as Gevalia premium coffee and Velveeta breakfast biscuits each delivered great results in their first full quarter in the market.  As expected, pricing was a key driver of top line growth, representing 5.8 percentage points of the total. Pricing was higher across each business unit as we offset higher raw material costs. Although we did take pricing in several categories notably biscuits, snack nuts and ready-to-drink beverages, most of the pricing reflected the carryover impact of actions we took last year. Despite the higher pricing, vol/mix was solid with a few puts and takes. The benefit of the Easter shift was essentially offset by product pruning of about 1 percentage point. Most of the pruning was in Oscar Mayer, Foodservice and Canada.  In addition, vol/mix was negatively impacted by approximately 70 basis points from trade inventory reductions in U.S. Beverages.  So what happened in Beverages? Two factors. First, customers built Capri Sun inventories last year in advance of an announced January price increase. This trade load helped drive 15% growth in Beverages in the fourth quarter. As a result, Capri Sun volume was soft in quarter 1 as customers reduced stocks. And second, customers anticipating possible price reductions in the second quarter, reduced inventories of Maxwell House Coffee. The timing of marketing programs also impacted Maxwell House sales.  These 2 factors affected both the top and bottom line performance of the Beverage business in quarter 1. However, sales at the cash register remained strong across the business. So we're confident that Beverages will show solid top and bottom line growth for the full year.  Now before moving on, let me just add as a proud Canadian, I'm also excited about the new partnership announced earlier today. Second Cup, Canada's largest specialty coffee franchise is entering the on-demand segment with our market-leading Tassimo system. Starting this fall, consumers can enjoy Second Cup's most popular coffees at home with Tassimo. And Tassimo brewers and Second Cup T DISCS will be sold at Second Cup cafs across the country.  Now let's take a look at profitability in North America. Underlying segment operating income grew 3%, including a negative 1.5 percentage point impact from the loss of the Starbucks business. Higher pricing and productivity offset significant raw material inflation and unfavorable vol/mix. Lower SG&A including the timing of A&C spending, drove the gains. As a result, OI margin increased 30 basis points to 17.9%, though this upside was tempered by about 1 percentage point from the denominator effect of pricing. Our European business continued its streak of both top and bottom line growth for the ninth consecutive quarter. This is especially encouraging in a challenging political and economic environment in the Eurozone.  Organic revenues grew 7.2%, lead by Power Brand growth of nearly 11%. Pricing in response to higher input costs contributed 2.8 percentage points. As in North America, some of this benefit was due to the carryover impact of actions that we took last year. However, we did implement some additional pricing.  Despite this, market shares remain strong across the region with about 2/3 of our revenues gaining or holding share. Vol/mix was especially encouraging, even after discounting a 2-point benefit from the Easter shift. Top line growth was broad-based, with coffee, chocolate and biscuits leading the way.  Coffee was up mid-teens with pricing a key factor, but we also realized significant gains in vol/mix, driven by double-digit growth of Jacobs and Kenco.  In addition, we continue to gain momentum with Tassimo. Last month, we announced a new agreement with Costa Coffee in the U.K., the world's second-largest coffee chain, to offer Costa's most popular beverages on the Tassimo on-demand system. Tassimo brewers and Costa T discs will be available in Costa retail outlets in the Southwest of England this month before going on sale across the U.K. this fall.  Chocolate grew high single digits behind our Power Brands and Pan-European big bets, which is Milka snacks small bites, Crispello, a crispy chocolate-covered wafer and pudding treat, and Cadbury Bubbly aerated chocolates. Our chocolate portfolio is winning in the midst of a recession with solid share gains.  Biscuits grew mid-single digits behind our focus on growth platforms. Our chocobakery offerings grew nearly 30%, while Oreo and Belvita each grew nearly 40.%. Turning to profits. Underlying operating income rose 12% in Europe despite a negative impact of 3 percentage points from currency. Strong vol/mix and lower overheads, including the benefit of synergies, drove the increase. Pricing and productivity gains offset the impact of higher input costs and a double-digit increase in advertising and consumer spending. As a result, OI margin expanded 90 basis points to 12.8%. In Developing Markets, we delivered another quarter of double-digit growth. Organic revenues grew 11.5%, lead by Power Brand growth of 18%. Notable strong performers included Tang, up more than 20%; Lacta, up 30%; and Oreo, which was up nearly 40%.  Total Developing Markets growth was a good balance between pricing in response to higher raw material costs and vol/mix. The Easter shift, added about 1 percentage point. Growth was also broad-based across each of our 4 regions. Latin America and Middle East and Africa grew double digits, while Asia Pacific and Central and Eastern Europe each rose high-single digits.  Before we get further into specific market discussions, please note that beginning this year, we have split our CEEMA region into 2 parts: Central and Eastern Europe, and Middle East and Africa. We've done this not only because we now have the size and scale to operate each as 2 distinct regions, but also to ensure that we fully capture the significant growth opportunities in each region enabled by the combination of Kraft, Cadbury and LU. Now several markets really stood out in the quarter. Brazil was up low teens driven by chocolate, continued expansion of the Northeast region and the timing of Easter. Russia was up mid-teens, largely on pricing across its portfolio. India grew by 20%, driven by chocolate and revenue synergies. And in China, our business continued to deliver outstanding growth of more than 35%.  Outside of the BRIC countries, growth in Argentina, Poland, Indonesia, the Philippines, South Africa and the Middle East was also particularly strong.  Underlying operating income grew 24% across Developing Markets. This includes the net impact of about 8 percentage points from a gain on the sale of some property in Russia and an asset impairment charge in Japan. Favorable currency also added about 1 point of growth. Excluding these impacts, operating income was still up sharply. A strong contribution from vol/mix and effective management of input costs more than offset a double-digit increase in A&C spending and investments in our sales force. As a result, OI margin rose 170 basis points to 13.9%, with about 80 basis points of that due to the net impact of the asset sale gain and the impairment charge. Turning to our guidance, we continue to expect organic net revenue growth of approximately 5% in 2012. That includes a negative impact of up to 1 percentage point from product pruning in North America.  On the bottom line, we also continue to expect operating EPS growth of at least 9% on a constant currency basis, which is within our long-term target range of 9% to 11%.  As you may recall, this guidance includes a pension headwind of approximately 4 percentage points versus 2011. It also reflects the expected increase in our effective tax rate to about 28% this year, up from about 24% a year ago. Bottom line, our strong quarter 1 momentum in every geography gives us great confidence in our outlook for the full year.  Now I'll turn the call back to Irene for some concluding remarks.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Thanks, Dave. As we look ahead, we're making significant progress as we prepare to launch 2 industry-leading companies. Here's a quick update. We filed applications with tax authorities in January, and we expect rulings around midyear. We filed the initial Form 10 Registration Statement for the North American grocery business on April 2. Within the next few weeks, we expect to file an amended Form 10, including updated financials reflecting our Q1 results.  We're making good progress on IT infrastructure and our plans to migrate $10 billion of debt to the North American grocery company. We're continuing to build out the teams for each new company. And as we approach the launch date later this year, we'll host investor events for each company. So to summarize, we delivered a terrific first quarter, and our business momentum remains strong. We're firmly on track to create 2 industry-leading public companies, and we're confident that we'll deliver top-tier results for the full year.  With that, let me open it up for your questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Irene, you said previously to expect a higher dividend payout ratio on GroceryCo than SnackCo. Your total company dividend yield is already higher than the group average -- you're at 51%, I think. I realize you're limited in what you can tell us or maybe even have decided, but how should we think about that payout ratio on GroceryCo? Is it 55%, 65%? Is there some range we maybe could use? Or is it just too early to tell?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, it's too early for us to talk about that. Obviously, that will be part of our conversation as we head into the roadshow. But I think just the math is that we are -- we have about a 51% payout ratio today. What we said is that our dividend will be the same in as the total for KFT and that our grocery business will provide a competitive dividend and our snacking business a modest dividend. And so you can expect that the payout ratios will be higher for the grocery company and somewhat lower than today's average for the global snacks company. But we'll give more of that detail as we head into our roadshow.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then on the top line, your Power Brands again grew more quickly than the portfolio as a whole. And I realize you want to be focused on a select number of brands and not spread yourself too thin. And I guess some of this question goes away after the spin, but is there anything you can do to migrate some of the learnings from growing these Power Brands over to the rest of the portfolio? I'm just wondering whether there's maybe some easy wins, so to speak, that you don't really require a lot of company effort our capital to achieve. Are this managed for cash brands? Do they have the potential to grow faster someday? Or is that not just the right way to think about it?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, I think what you'll see is underneath the aggregate numbers clearly our Power Brands around the world grew at an 11% rate versus our aggregate revenue up 6.5%. So they are growing disproportionately fast, and we are disproportionately focusing our resources there. But clearly, all of our businesses are contributing, which is enabling us to deliver the 6.5% growth. So a simple answer to your question is, yes, we're learning a lot as we take some of the lessons from one part of the world to another from one category to another. And that's what's enabling us to get the whole portfolio to perform at an above average level.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I think last quarter you gave a number, I think it was at CAGNY. In the quarter itself, I think about 30% of the portfolio had held or gained share, and I think part of that is just the issue of kind of pushing through sort of pricing in some of the larger pass-through categories at grocery and you're expecting that to kind of start to turn around a bit and look better this quarter. Is there a way you can give us a sense of how that shaped up this quarter?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well first of all, I have to tell you, we're feeling quite good that our category growth rates and our volumes had held up as well as they have. We certainly feel quite good about our market share performance around the world. The number you're quoting was a North American number, and we certainly are seeing improved progress there as we see pricing in a number of the categories. As you know, Andrew, we led pricing in a number of our core categories and as other of our competitors deal with the same input costs that we are, we're starting to see those gaps close. So net-net, we're seeing some -- continuing to see some dislocation in a couple of categories, but we feel quite good in aggregate. As we said, our market share performance has been exceptionally strong in Europe with over 2/3 growing in Developing Markets and North America. It's more in the 40% range. But we're seeing a very healthy recovery. And I think you have a good sense of that as you look at the vol/mix contribution underneath the revenue growth.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's helpful. I appreciate it. And then just a quick one on -- just on FX, I know that your guidance for the full year and from earnings is obviously in a constant currency basis. I guess based on where sort of rates are today, and that can certainly change. Any big impact one way or the other on the earnings line from FX as you see it based on how your portfolio shapes up?
David A. Brearton: Yes. I think I don't want to give any guidance on currency because I'll be wrong for sure, and that's why we prefer to talk constant currency. Obviously the impact this quarter was pretty small. I mean it was actually slightly unfavorable in OI and slightly favorable on EPS. But the numbers were pretty small. So I think it will move around with the currencies and frankly, to give you a simple formula would be kind of tough. But I don't see it today as being huge. I think it will continue to be either a headwind or a tailwind depending on how the markets go. But right now, we don't see it as being huge.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to ask you. First of all, you had mentioned that you're making some investments in the emerging markets. I know that was a key investment area last year, in 2011 as well. Assume we should expect those sort of investments to continue, I wondered is there was any color you can give around that, whether it be what sort of drag on profitability that could be or any color around those investments you're making today.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: No. I would tell you part of the virtuous cycle is the opportunity for us to have strong enough brands that enable us to price together with our productivity, so we cover our costs. And then that basically, together with the focus that we've got on cost management and overheads, provides us with the money that we need to invest. So we see this as a sort of a closed loop and in fact, that's what will allow us to continue to invest in these businesses and fuel their growth.
David A. Brearton: And if you look at our A&C, we said was up double digits. So that's part of the investment. Our overheads are not up completely in line with revenue, but that's largely because of discipline on the G&A line and some synergies. Sales is actually up. So we are investing in A&C. We're investing in sales, and we still delivered a very healthy OI increase in the quarter. And I think it's -- the numbers kind of hold together and sort of prove out the virtuous cycle.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. I want to ask you as well, in relation to the strong growth you showed in Global Biscuits and Global Chocolate, I know it's probably not an easy number to aggregate, but are you gaining share in your categories, you believe, you could look at that broadly? Do you have a broad measure of that as you look at the growth in Europe biscuit and chocolate business versus the categories?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yes, I would say that in general, we are gaining share in our core categories around the world, and it's a bit of a funny number to calculate with the euro monitor data, et cetera. But we feel quite comfortable that we are outperforming our competition in our key markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Feeney of Janney.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I wanted to specifically ask about the Easter effect. I mean, clearly, I think some of those chocolate products you're going to carry maybe a little higher contribution margin. And I kind of was wondering, could you give us a sense of the profit effect? And maybe just specifically that significant -- very strong performance in profit in Europe, how much of that maybe is some the profits coming in from just big Easter chocolate season that we didn't figure on? Am I right in that assumption that's higher contribution margin stuff? And did that have a significant effect on Europe?
David A. Brearton: No, it's not a significant difference in contribution margin. You are right, the chocolate has more impact. The chocolate and coffee in Europe are kind of the 2 big ones that are impacted by the Easter shift. But there's not a significant difference in the contribution margin on those 2 versus the rest of the portfolio. So no, there's not a big mix benefit. But it's legitimate bottom line growth driven by 7% top line growth.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And so the benefit from that as a profit now [ph] you're saying is pretty much in line with what you gave us as guidance for the top line for Easter effect?
David A. Brearton: Correct.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Right. And just one for Irene. You referenced in Andrew's question I think it was 40% range or so gaining or holding share in brands. And I guess it's a bigger picture question for the industry. I mean is it just a -- I know you're continuing to make the investments and you really made some significant improvements in a lot of those North American businesses. But I mean do you feel like as an industry maybe second half of this year that people need to, I mean, buy volume back at some point, I mean, industry as a whole, Kraft, whatever. It seems like a lot of maybe lower income consumers. And Teleme [ph] talked about that a little bit at CAGNY. Maybe lose our trading out of these categories, and that's why some of these inveterate brands are losing share. I mean do you expect that continuing to losing share will eventually lead to price declines in the second half of this year in select U.S. categories?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: I have to say, Jon. I think the industry, obviously, we all remember 2010 period and, I think the industry learned a very important lesson at that time in terms of the impact of deep discounting on category growth. The reality is we are the category in many of our important segments. In fact, products like mac & cheese, we share it off of a smaller category than the larger segment in which we compete. So our focus -- a lot of the spending is designed to drive the overall category. And there will be some share impact as a result. Long term, we are committed to growing our shares around the world. We believe that the model that we've got in place will enable us to do that. In the short term, particularly in North America, given the fact that we price quite aggressively and quite early relative to competition, we did see some dislocation. And that's what you're reflecting -- what you're seeing reflected in our shares at this point. But we are committed to getting that share back. We believe that the combination of continued investment in our brand equities, the strong innovation pipeline that we've laid out is what will be necessary to get that back and not be discounting.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And just a quick follow-up, if I may. In terms of your organic net revenue guidance, I guess, for the second half of this year, with these -- in some cases, pretty significantly falling commodity costs, you don't -- you expect the cadence of pricing -- you don't expect to be discounting significantly in the second half in North America even with these cost declines?
David A. Brearton: Yes. I think overall, it's -- the cost declines are pretty mixed. I mean yes, they are down in some areas, clearly coffee, cocoa, grains and some of the vegetable oils are down. Other things like actual heating oil and diesel and transportation and packaging are actually up, nuts is up quite a bit. So there's a blend. On balance, as you sit here today, yes, it is kind of down. We may have to take some adjustments in some categories but I don't think you're ever going to see this year a negative year-over-year pricing trend. I think the increases last year were just simply too big, whereas ever to sort of end up in a negative year-over-year trend. So no, I would not be concerned about that.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Jon, the bigger impact you're going to see on the revenue as we think about the first half is really caused by the Easter shift, as well as the acceleration of our pruning efforts that will play through in the second half. And that's the difference between our aggregate guidance for the full year and what you might have seen in the first quarter. But it's not reflecting big price discounts.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First, gross margins -- I'm just trying to understand with your pricing, with pricing covering commodity costs, why the gross margins were still down so much year-on-year. So if you could just talk a little bit through that dynamic.
David A. Brearton: Yes. I think you're looking at the P&L, and the gross margin was down on the P&L. There are a couple of things. Number one, you've got some of the integration costs and restructuring costs going through the cost line there, so that's an impact. But even after that, our gross margin is down about 1 percentage point on a percentage basis. I think we're looking at it very much on a -- I'll start with the dollars, and we'll get to the percents later because we have covered $550 million worth of raw material cost with pricing. The productivity helped us grow gross margin dollars. But with that significant step-up in revenue, the percentage number ends up declining because of the increase in the denominator. But it's kind of a mathematical thing. Over time, we would expect to get our percentage margins back as the commodity cost curve kind of flattens out going forward. We don't expect to see this level of pricing going forward, and that will allow us to catch up on the percentage margins. But I think the important message for you is we're covering gross margin dollars, and we're going to make sure we do that going forward.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then as we look at optically just as we're looking at the percentage margins going forward, it's just -- if I heard it right, it's just a function of when the commodity cost inflation component begins to ease, is that right?
David A. Brearton: Yes, when the denominator stabilizes effectively, when costs continue to run up at kind of double digits like they did in this quarter, it's just -- the percentage margin is a little bit misleading. But we're covering the costs.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And you were still dealing with double-digit inflation in this current quarter?
David A. Brearton: In this quarter. We expected it. We gave you full year guidance that it would be in the low to mid single-digit increase this year. That's still the number. But it's going to be higher in the first half and lower in the second half as we kind of cycle through the cost increases we saw last year.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And then in the Developing Market segments -- segment, can you just talk a little bit about the sequential improvement from fourth quarter to first quarter ? You had a much better performance in organic sales growth. And just was there anything different that you did in the first quarter that didn't take place in the fourth quarter? Or was there just something about the fourth quarter that maybe pulled some sales out of the fourth quarter -- or first quarter? Just trying to understand the sequential change there.
David A. Brearton: Yes. I think we're actually fairly stable. I think if you go back to the third quarter is really the answer. Third quarter last year, you may recall, we were up 15%. And we said at the time that some of that was being pulled in from the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter was up about 7%. So between the 2, about 11%. And we're up 11.5% this quarter. So we view it as actually a continuation of a pretty solid double-digit trend. I know there was a shift between Q3 and Q4 last year.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then finally, just in terms of regions within developing market segment, just Eastern Europe and Russia, if you could just talk a little bit about -- it just appears that the macro or the consumer at least is stabilized in that part of the world or maybe even beginning to show signs of improvement. Is that consistent with what you're seeing? Is just the backdrop a little bit better there than it's been the last year or so?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Generally, I'd say yes, Bryan, with the -- certainly, we felt good about our growth in Central and Eastern Europe and we were glad to see Russia recovering somewhat. Ukraine was down, and so we're still seeing some category impacts from the economy there. But in general, we felt pretty good about what we're seeing in Central and Eastern Europe. We had very strong performances, as Dave said, in Russia, in Poland, and those are the major countries in that region for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Guys, if we were to focus on your U.S. business for a second, I wonder how you're thinking -- what the first quarter means for 2012, really specifically focusing on what will be the new Kraft Foods? We had a small profit it looks like in that part of the business and what will be the new Kraft Foods in spite of the big quarter for the cheese business, the Easter boost. On the other hand, you had that tough quarter in the beverages segment. So how should we think about that quarter? It sounds like you're positive on it. But again, maybe I'm missing something. How does that setting up the year on that part?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well actually, David, we feel very good about the quarter. We think we demonstrated very solid growth in a very difficult environment. The portfolio in aggregate continues to perform quite well. We feel good that we've got a virtuous cycle even around the world, especially in North America. We've been very pleased with our ability to price, to recover the significant spike in input cost. And the response that we've got in the pricing elasticities have been in line, if not slightly better than what we had expected. We feel good about the OI performance. The growth in North America, as we told you, were up 3%, which is closer to 5% with Starbucks. And margins were up despite this aggressive pricing as the cost savings have come through. So net-net, we feel really quite good about the aggregate portfolio in North America. And probably the big drag among the portfolio is our beverage business and we expect that to recover as the year progresses. But the fact is despite a challenging performance in beverages for a variety of reasons, the aggregate portfolio performed quite well, and I would suggest, quite well relative to peers.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And separately, regarding Europe, it looks like nice results there. As you're looking through the Easter effects and your own marketing, are your folks in any parts of that continent seeing any perceptible deterioration demand in your categories? Obviously, you saw that earlier in Southern Europe. But is there any migration of that weakness upwards?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, I have to tell you, without a doubt, our categories are softer than they had been as a result of the macro-environment. But we feel quite good about our ability to perform within the environment in the first quarter. We had strong revenue growth, as you saw. It was a nice balance of pricing and volume/mix. We made good progress on our margins, and we're well staged to continue to deliver that as we look for the balance of the year. We're continuing to invest in our key brands. We've got very strong Power Brand growth, over 11% on top of the aggregate 7% revenue that we delivered. And we've had -- we'll continue to see upsides coming from the LU and the Cadbury synergies. So the environment is tough. We're certainly seeing that in our categories, but we've been able to weather the storm quite well.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And are there particular categories or countries where you're seeing that deterioration that's worth calling out?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, it's of course across the board. Without a doubt, Southern Europe is the worst. But even there, our revenue was up. So as I said, we worked very hard to make sure that we've got the right investments in the right countries behind the right brands. And it seems to be serving us quite well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So a couple of questions. Firstly, the transition of the distribution system to the third-party distributor here in North America, I think that was completed on April 1. Would love to hear a little bit about how that's all going. We actually heard from Sara Lee morning that I think they're going through a similar transition with the same company. And they've run into a few execution issues along the way, nothing too disastrous, but it's holding volumes back as they try to integrate the systems. Could you make a few comments about how that's going?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Sure. I'd tell you mechanically, the switch went with no significant issues. I give enormous credit to Mike Hsu and Tom Corley and Don Quigley who are leading these efforts. And so far, so good. It's obviously too early to declare victory. We did cutover, as you said, on April 1. And so far, so good. We've got very good continuity and stability at the top levels of the team. But the key as we move forward here is to make sure that we're tied in properly with our categories and that we get the execution that we need. But so far, so good.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: That's good to hear. And then just as a follow-up, what's your strategy with regard to Tassimo here in the U.S.? It sounds as though you've got some new stuff going on in Canada. Given the recall of the Bosch machines recently and given the fact that, that business has struggled, would you consider launching a Maxwell House cake-up [ph] to be able to participate in that faster growth single-serve market more fully?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: First of all, you are right in saying that our Tassimo business in the U.S. was up only modestly. As you heard from Dave, it was up quite significantly in Canada, and we continue to feel quite good about its performance around the world. We do believe that on-demand is a clear consumer trend. It's an important part of our portfolio, and Tassimo is our leading brand. Obviously, as we have done with the soft pod platform in Europe, we're going to continue to look at strategic ways of growing our coffee brands.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can I just ask just a real detailed question, Dave, first. I'm trying to understand the difference between the $98 million asset impairment on the consolidated P&L versus only $20 million on the segment reporting. What's the difference there?
David A. Brearton: The actual line was the asset impairment and exit costs. Well there's 2 pieces to that. One is $20 million, the impairment that we've talked about in Japan. And the $78 million is basically restructuring costs that tie in to the program we announced in February.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So the $20 million is the $20 million and there's $78 million additional?
David A. Brearton: Correct.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess 2 questions kind of related to -- for Irene. The -- if we exclude the Easter benefit in the first quarter for North America, volumes were down about 4%. Actually I should say vol/mix. And it sounds like mix was a positive. So wasn't volume down even more significantly? I mean I realize that, that's kind of average versus the industry. But shouldn't we kind of view Kraft as basically just operating kind of in line in terms of volume with the rest of what is a very difficult environment?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Let me just give you a perspective on that, Eric. The reality is that the Easter benefit was certainly a positive. It was more than offset, though, by the combination of the pruning we had in North America, as well as the ready-to-drink T load that Dave talked about. If you exclude those 2 impacts, the entire vol/mix decline that you see came from 2 businesses: cheese and nuts, both of which had very strong double-digit pricing. And so we're really feeling quite good about the recovery that we see in the rest of the business. Going forward as we've said, the pruning impact will accelerate because we've suggested it will be about 2 points on North America, 1 point on total Kraft for the full year. But the vol/mix will improve in the second half as we start to lap last year's pricing. So net-net, we feel quite good about the aggregate vol/mix performance in North America and elsewhere in the world.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I'll pass it on after this, but kind of related to Alexia's question, I think it's fair to describe General Mills' sales force as being kind of top-rated over the last decade. Hershey, McCormick, very good companies performed well in their categories. And they're -- if you talk to them, they're actually investing more in their sales force, in their wholly owned operation. And yet you're, obviously, the biggest player on the block and you're -- or Tony is going the other way in terms of going towards Acosta. How should we think about the fact that you've got this kind of big split going on in the industry with 2 very different approaches? I mean why is this -- why is your approach better?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well first of all, our approach is not cost-driven as Tony has told you before. There will be some cost savings but the main reason for us making the move on our warehouse businesses is we believe it will give us greater reach, greater access to some new technology and a better ability to flex resources based on business conditions. And so we see some tremendous effectiveness opportunities that will come from that separation on the warehouse side. And I've got -- said before, on the DSD side, the opportunity to focus that organization on what they do best, we believe will be a benefit as well. So our sales strategy is all about the opportunity to maximize sales support behind these center of the store grocery categories, and we believe that we can do that best with the approach that we're taking. It is a combination of Acosta and our headquarters folks, and we believe that, that's going to be a very cold powerful combination.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Wanted to ask a little bit about the restructuring program that you guys have announced. So we've got a part of it and Alexia and Eric and others have asked a little bit about it, about the sales force and the April 1 conversion. But the total program you guys have laid out is $1.1 billion in restructuring. This is a major program. Can you quantify for us what you expect total cost savings to be when the program is fully implemented? And I know it usually takes several years for that. But what is the expectation for cost savings on a forward basis?
David A. Brearton: We've never quantified that. And I think we're looking at the restructuring program as really the basis upon which we launched the 2 companies. So there will be cost savings, but they will be part of the guidance that each company provides when we get closer to the actual spin date.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you at least say that -- of the restructuring program, this $1.1 billion, it seems that since it's mostly in North America that more of it will accrue to the benefit of the North American grocery business, the Kraft business going forward, is that accurate?
David A. Brearton: Actually, it'd be kind of tough to split it. Because the way we actually went about this is we said, "What do we need to run both companies?" And we clean sheeted the organization for the 2 companies. We then compared that to today's organization and today's folks and sort of pushed them into both boxes, and the restructuring was more the follow, frankly. But to be able to then go back and reverse engineer it and say how much of that restructuring saving would be in one company or the other, I think would be kind of an arbitrary exercise. So we're looking at this as one program that launches the 2 companies. I don't think it would be very helpful to give you a sort of a split of the 2. Again, the guidance we give you when we come out for the roadshows will include the savings from this. And I think you'll have a better sense of that as we go forward.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Well, that's what really will matter. Can you give us an update on the Starbucks arbitration proceedings?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, as I'm sure you're aware, we'd -- Starbucks publicly disclosed some information yesterday. We intend to abide by the confidentiality provisions of the process. But what I can tell you is they publicly stated that they're seeking some damages plus attorneys fees and that our expert valued the agreement at $1.9 billion, and then applied the terms of the contract, which calls for a 35% premium and 9% interest, which would -- is causing us to claim damages of $2.9 billion plus attorneys fees. These are amounts we believe were confidential, but following their public disclosure in their 10-K, they're obviously out there. There was a hearing -- the arbitration hearing, as we've told you, is scheduled for mid-July, and we intend to let the arbitration process run its course. We remain quite confident in the merits of our case, and we will post you as we have anything material to report.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, all right. Well there's a lot of information there, I do appreciate that. Final couple of questions for me are just minor ones. Can you just talk about the expectation for second quarter volumes given the Easter headwind? Would I be right to assume that given that headwind plus additional SKU pruning we're looking for negative volumes in 2Q?
David A. Brearton: Yes, I wouldn't go into negative volumes. I think what we would say, first half in aggregate will be strong. And clearly, first quarter will be stronger than second quarter for exactly the 2 factors that you've indicated. So I think you can take that as a key assumption.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Moskow of Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering, Irene, if you could address the $1 billion revenue synergies target. That tends to be a number that some people have skepticism about in an integration business. And it just seems like whenever you report numbers, we have these crazy growth numbers in emerging markets like Turkey and India and they're very strong. Are your revenue synergies coming in above your expectations? And is there any chance that we could get a profit estimate on what those revenue synergies are going to be by 2013? I'm sure you're more than excited to talk about '13 guidance but...
Irene B. Rosenfeld: That's exactly why I'm not going to give you that, now or then. But we feel great about how the revenue synergies are coming in. Without a doubt, a lot of the growth that you're seeing and the disproportionate growth that you are seeing in our developing markets is coming from spinning the 2 organizations together. And I've given you some very specific examples of what happens in Brazil as we brought the legacy Kraft products through the Cadbury distribution system, as we -- in India, as we are starting to sell products like Oreo and Tang through the Cadbury chocolate infrastructure. What we're doing in Mexico is we now have expanded our points of distribution. So in each of our key markets -- in markets like Russia, we actually are putting the legacy Kraft products through the Cadbury system in immediate consumption and vice versa in the supermarket channel. So we feel very good that we are on track for our $1-billion target. About 2/3 of that is right -- as you rightly point out, is going to come from developing markets. And we expect to see about 50 to 100 basis points of our 2012 growth come from these revenue synergies. And I can assure you that -- again, if you take the virtuous cycle as the model that we are using to operate, I can assure you that these are very attractive margin opportunities that we're pursuing.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Attractive margin opportunity. Okay. A quick follow-up, if I could. I was kind of surprised in the Form 10 that Kraft's U.S. gross margins were kind of low, 31%. And SG&A was also kind of low as a percentage of sales. And I think the North American business is going to be kind of marketed as a margin expansion story. So can you help us understand a little bit like -- I imagine gross margin is going to be where the biggest opportunity is. What are the major elements that are going to drive that? Is it Lean Six Sigma? Are there more plant closures to come?
David A. Brearton: Yes. I think we're going to avoid giving guidance for GroceryCo until we get to the roadshow. But for KFNA in total, the Lean Six Sigma is a key driver, the procurement, we talked about our saver program in the past, overhead discipline will continue to be an important driver. And so we feel pretty good about the, what I'd call, the KFNA margin trajectory as it relates to GroceryCo specifically. And what margins you can expect over time, I think I got to wait for the roadshow for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just one question. What is the next -- talk about the revenue synergies, what's the next level of opportunity that you have in the synergies between Kraft and Cadbury? Because obviously it does seem like you're doing quite well. Can you give us a little bit of a road map beyond 2012? I know -- no guidance, just some road map of how you think the synergies are going to go beyond 2012.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well I mean again if you step back, they're coming from -- about half of them are coming from route to market. The balance is coming from brand extensions, taking ideas like bite-sized snacks from one market to the other, taking products like Choclairs, which is growing at a 30%, 40% rate in China and bringing it to new markets like South Africa. So you're going to continue to see us expand our plat -- leverage our routes to market, continuing to put additional products through the expanded routes. We're going to benefit from the opportunity to leverage global platforms in more countries around the world, as well as the opportunity to leverage white space opportunities. And that's where the $1 billion will come from.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So the pace to which you're getting it, you don't expect to decelerate anytime soon? I guess is kind of -- more of my question is because the pace you're going at, it sounds like it's above what you expect. But is there a slowdown expected in the next 12 to 24 months? Or is this -- do you still feel like your pipeline is pretty stellar?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: No, actually it's building. So we feel quite comfortable that we've gotten a lot of the early low-hanging fruit that we got last year. We're just benefiting now. We now have combined organizations in just about every key country in the world. We're now beginning to train those organizations, leverage those organizations. In markets like Russia, for example, our sales force just came together in the last 0.5 year or so. So we have many -- we see tremendous benefits out in front of us that again is what gives us a great confidence about the $1 billion of revenue synergies that we see out there.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And just my last question, I don't know how you can give us some guidelines. How do you think about the taxes, the tax rate for the 2 separate entities? Is there -- you gave us a little bit of a clue on the dividend side. Would you give us some sort of guidelines to work with on the tax implications when they split?
David A. Brearton: I won't give you specifics but you can kind of tell. I mean the rate for Kraft today I'd say is going to be in the high 20s, where we are today. So first quarter was 28.5%. And we said we'll be in that high 20s, low 30s kind of range. So that's the combined rate. As you tear that apart, U.S. has a statutory tax rate of 35%. So GroceryCo is going to be higher than that clearly. Virtually every other country in the world has a lower tax rate than the U.S. So they're going to be lower than that. So I think the aggregate is in that sort of high 20s, low 30s. The U.S. has got to be 35-plus and the rest of the world is going to be lower, just reflecting the lower statutory tax rates elsewhere. But that's kind of broad -- the real specifics about where it comes out will really depend on a lot of the tax planning work and everything else we're working through right now. So again, I think you'll have to wait for the roadshow to get anything.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just if I could try and squeeze in 2, but if not, that's okay. We saw relatively strong volumes in U.S. grocery during the quarter on lighter pricing realization than we've seen over the past few quarters. And I assume a fair degree of the volume performance is due to Easter timing. But were there any specific changes from a tactical promotional standpoint, perhaps in supportive innovation that may have temporarily shifted the balance there?
David A. Brearton: Yes, about 3/4 of it was Easter, so you can expect some of that to reverse out. But despite all the pricing, it was still up on vol/mix on a base level. So they had a pretty good quarter.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And just quickly, I wanted to get your take on the convenience channel. We've heard from a number of consumer companies that traffic and sales trends remained relatively strong through the quarter despite rising gas prices. Is that consistent with what you saw in your products during the balance of the quarter?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: We're certainly seeing growth in the convenience channel, and so we're seeing some recovery there. But we certainly -- we do believe that, that is one of the factors that's dampening category growth in our gum business. So it certainly hasn't come back all the way yet.
Christopher Jakubik: Well thanks, everybody, for joining us today. For those of you who have follow-up questions, Dexter Congbalay, and I will be available to take it from the analysts and Mike Mitchell and his team will be available for any questions from the media. So thanks again for joining us, and we'll speak to you soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-21 20:30:00) =====
Executives: Christopher Jakubik -  Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer W. Anthony Vernon - Executive Vice President and President of Kraft Foods North America David A. Brearton - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: All right, everybody, if we could find our seats, we'll move on to our next presenter. Thank you. Before we get started with our next presentation, Kraft Foods, please join me in thanking Kraft for generously sponsoring today's lunch. Now in 2011, having had its fair share of doubters, Kraft stood out as one of the bright spots in the packaged food group, partly due to the separation announcement, but also due to the solid core business trends that we've seen. And with us today, we have both leaders of what will be the global snacks and North America grocery units, respectively. Thank you all for being here. First, let me turn it over to the Head of IR, Chris Jakubik, to lay out today's agenda. Over to you, Chris. Thanks.
Christopher Jakubik: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us here at CAGNY. As you may have noticed, earlier today, we reported our Q4 and full year 2011 results, and they were right in line, if not a bit better on the bottom line than the guidance update we provided in mid-January. Along those lines, today, we'll be making a number of forward-looking statements about the company's performance. This Safe Harbor Statement here is designed to cover those statements. But I'll refrain from reading it for you because we have a full agenda. We have a full agenda today because 2012 will be another big year for Kraft. We expect to deliver strong organic growth on both the top and bottom lines and launch 2 industry-leading companies by year end. So today, we're here to explain how we'll achieve both those goals. Our Chairman and CEO, Irene Rosenfeld, will begin by outlining how we've been delivering and how we will continue to deliver sustainable top-tier growth. Our President of North America and soon-to-be CEO of GroceryCo, Tony Vernon, will follow with how he's building on his team's success. Just as important, he'll tell us what he's doing this year to position both the North American grocery and snacks businesses for strong stand-alone growth into the future. Our CFO, Dave Brearton, will then provide some color on our 2012 guidance. And to wrap things up, Irene will come back to provide an update on our separation plans. After our presentation and the Q&A session in this room, please join us for lunch next door to enjoy the creations of our master chef, Nick Spinelli. At lunch, not only will today's presenters be available, but also joining us will be John Cahill, who will become the Chairman of the North American grocery company; and Tim McLevish, an oldie, but a goodie. Tim is our former CFO, and he's been the project team leader for the spinoff. He will also become the CFO of the North American grocery company at the time of the spin.  So without further ado, let me turn it over to Irene.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Thanks, Chris, and good morning. It was good to see so many of you in the gym this morning. I think we lowered the average age by about 20 years down to about 72. At our last investor presentation 6 months ago, we reviewed the various actions we've taken over the past 4 years to fix our base business, transform our portfolio, and most importantly, create a virtuous cycle of growth in each of our regions. The plan is working. These actions have not only positioned us for sustainable top-tier growth but have enabled us to deliver best-in-class results. We delivered in 2011, and we will deliver again in 2012. Why am I so confident? It's because our businesses in every region around the world are benefiting from a virtuous growth cycle, and as a consequence, our results are outpacing our peers. In 2011, our Power Brands grew 8%. This in turn drove organic net revenue growth of 6.6%. That's a significant improvement over top line performance in 2010. Then, organic revenue rose a little over 3%, fueled by Power Brand growth of more than 6%. And we delivered those results during an unprecedented environment of economic and political unrest, as well as skyrocketing input costs. Growth was especially strong in our global snacks portfolio. It now represents about half of our sales. Biscuits were up 9% globally, and they were up double-digits in Developing Markets. Russia and China led the way, each up about 40%. Developed Markets delivered mid-single digit growth. It was led by strong performance of the LU brand in France and expansion of the Oreo and Velveeta platforms in several European markets. Core brands in North America, Oreo, Ritz, Wheat Thins and Newtons also delivered solid growth. Global Chocolate was up 6% led by double-digit growth in our Developing Markets. Two examples, Lacta grew more than 15% in Brazil. And in India, we continued to expand our leading market positions with Cadbury Dairy Milk, 5 Star and Perk, each gaining double digits. Gum & Candy was up about 1%, led by high-single digit growth in Developing Markets. Performance was especially strong in Brazil where Trident and Halls continued to shine. Trident, for example, grew more than 20%, leveraging successful new product launches and increased distribution in the rapidly growing north-northeast region. As we previously discussed, the challenge remains in Europe and North America where Gum & Candy were down mid-single digits. But the fixes we outlined on our third quarter call are beginning to gain traction. So overall, we've got good momentum in our global categories. And I'm especially pleased that our revenue growth was near the top of our peer group. We've made steady improvement over the past 3 years, and we're well positioned for the future. So how are we fueling this growth? We're doing it through cost savings that we find by looking at our entire supply chain comprehensively on an end-to-end basis. Last year, we delivered productivity of more than 4% of cost of goods sold. In addition, we continue to capitalize on significant overhead leverage. In the past, weve told you that we're setting aggressive overhead targets within each of our regions to enable 0 overhead growth for Kraft in total. I'm delighted to say that we're making great progress toward this objective. As a result, our overhead costs, as a percent of revenue, declined by 60 basis points. These actions are generating the savings needed to expand profits and to continue to invest in quality, marketing and innovation to fuel the virtuous cycle. In 2011, our A&C spending was about 8% of revenue. That's up $250 million versus prior year. In addition, innovation continues to fuel our growth. Last year, new products accounted for 10% of our revenue, and that's up over 9% from the prior year. Over the past 3 years, we've gone from the back of the pack to the front, and innovation has been a key contributor to our success.  The virtuous cycle is also driving strong bottom line performance. As we announced earlier today, we delivered operating EPS of $2.29. That's up 13% or 10% on a constant-currency basis. This improvement was driven primarily by operating gains of $0.25. What's more, our earnings growth outpaced all of our peers. While we don't expect to be #1 every year, we do believe that we're now well positioned to be consistently in the hunt. Looking ahead, our strong revenue growth and cost management initiatives in each of our geographies give us great confidence that we will deliver top-tier performance again in 2012. Let's take a closer look at our regional performance, starting with Developing Markets. Four years ago, Sanjay Khosla, our Head of Developing Markets, shared his 5-10-10 plan with you, a plan that sharply focused his team on the 5 categories, 10 Power Brands and 10 key markets to create a sustainable, virtuous cycle. This approach is delivering spectacular results including exceptional top line growth in 2011. Our 10 Power Brands grew 17%. This in turn drove organic revenue growth of 11.2%. That's about 3 points better than what we delivered in 2010. Let me highlight some star performers. Since combining with Cadbury, our category growth has accelerated, fueled by chocolate. Take India, for example. Here, we've expanded our reach into remote villages by doubling the distribution of Visi Coolers. These compact, refrigerated displays are highly visible, and they keep our chocolate at the right temperature in the hot Indian weather. As a result, Cadbury Dairy Milk was up about 30% last year. Our biscuit business has also undergone an amazing transformation. Oreo, which is celebrating its 100th birthday this year, led the way with organic revenue of 50%. In fact, sales of Oreo in Developing Markets have increased 500% since 2006. That's an amazing record for a so-called mature product, or for any product for that matter. Our Club Social and TUC brands in Developing Markets are also up 30%. In fact, Club Social sales have almost quadrupled since 2006. Our focus on 10 priority markets is also paying off with growth of about 12% last year. More specifically, the BRIC markets in aggregate grew nearly 19%. For example, Brazil was up more than 15%, exceeding $2 billion in revenue, and China grew even faster, up 30%-plus to more than $800 million. On the cost side, productivity savings in Developing Markets was about 4% of cost of goods sold. And despite rapid growth and investments, Sanjay and his team are also doing an outstanding job of managing overheads. These costs declined as a percent of revenue, down 20 basis points versus last year. As a result, operating income gains have continued to provide the fuel needed to reinvest in growth. Last year, A&C spending was 10% of revenue. In addition, innovation continues to play a key role, as new products contributed 12% of revenue. Looking ahead, we remain confident in our ability to continue to deliver industry-leading growth despite some signs of slower growth in a few markets. Our proven 5-10-10 strategy of relentless focus will continue with further distortion of our resources to growth platforms and priority brands. These gains will be further enhanced as we capture additional synergies from the Cadbury integration. We also expect continued margin expansion as we benefit from carryover pricing, further overhead leverage and stepped-up productivity. Turning now to Europe. This region also made great strides in driving a virtuous cycle through focus and distortion of resources. Since Tim Cofer took the reins last year, momentum has continued unabated. In fact, this region just delivered its 8th consecutive quarter of both top and bottom line growth. That's despite the Eurozone crisis and deteriorating consumer confidence. I don't think you'll find many companies that can say that about their European business. In 2011, Europe's 15 Power Brands grew 7%, fueling organic revenue growth of 4.6%. That's well above many of our European peers. We also improved our share performance. In fact, we grew or held share in categories representing 3/4 of our revenue. There were several star performers. Our chocobakery platform under the Milka, Cote d'Or and Freia, Marabou brands was up nearly 30% last year. Oreo grew more than 25% driven by continued rollouts in whitespace markets. Our Tassimo on-demand platform was also up 25%. And our Velveeta breakfast biscuits grew 18% driven by gains in the U.K., Spain and Italy. Remember, this is Europe we're talking about, not developing markets. In terms of costs, Europe's productivity savings improved to more than 4% of cost of goods sold, driven by Lean Six Sigma gains in manufacturing. But where our European team really shone was in leveraging overhead costs. Overheads, as a percent of revenue, declined 150 basis points. The reason? A combination of cost management and synergies. That's a really impressive performance. As a result, Europe continued to reinvest in growth, and that's why we outperformed our peers. Our A&C investments were about 8% of revenue, and we delivered several successful innovations including Philadelphia with Milka, which delivered strong growth in Germany, Austria, Italy and Switzerland. We rapidly captured market share in the small bites chocolate segment. This is a terrific example of revenue synergies. We took a highly successful Cadbury product idea and rolled it out on the continent under our favorite local brand names like Freia and Marabou. In total, new products represented about 12% of Europe's revenue. That's up significantly from 10% last year. Looking ahead, we're confident in our ability to maintain solid growth and continue to expand margins in Europe. Why? Increased distortion of investments toward our Power Brands, stepped up innovation, excellent sales execution and ample whitespace opportunities enabled by both the LU and the Cadbury acquisitions. All of these levers will drive top line momentum. And on the bottom line, we'll maintain our relentless focus on cost management to expand margins and enable continued investment in Power Brands. We see further opportunities for savings in 2 areas. First, through lower overheads as we implement ongoing integration plans; and second, through continued productivity savings across our supply chain. In short, despite an economic environment that will remain challenging, we're well positioned to continue delivering top-tier performance in Europe. So as you can see, our virtuous cycle is clearly playing out in Developing Markets and in Europe. Let me now turn it over to Tony Vernon, who will describe how his North American team is capitalizing on these best practices to deliver best-in-class performance in North America.
W. Anthony Vernon: Well, thanks, Irene. I am thrilled to be here today to talk about Kraft Foods North America. To be clear, we're still one team with one dream, with great grocery and snacks brands. Today, I'll review our solid performance from last year and show how we'll build on that to set up our grocery and snacks portfolios for success as stand-alone businesses. The last time we were together, I told you our virtuous cycle was in its early stages. Well now it's in full swing. I also committed to sequential improvement on both top and bottom lines in North America. That was based on my firm belief that there is no such thing as a mature brand, just tired marketers. I said we revitalized the best portfolio of food and beverage brands in America through a step change in innovation and by bringing great marketing and sales excellence back to Kraft. These investments would be enabled by the savings generated from relentless End-to-End Cost Management. So how did we do? Well, in my view, we made great progress. But we still have huge opportunity in front of us, especially when you think about the potential for even greater focus and better resource allocation when grocery and snacks are stand-alone businesses. In 2011, our Power Brands grew 4.5% and our total organic growth was up 4.8%. Now that may seem counterintuitive that total revenue growth is higher than Power Brand growth, but this reflects how we price to recover unprecedented commodity costs in the rest of the portfolio. It also reflects the outstanding contribution of new products that weren't in those Power Brand numbers. And I'll detail that impact shortly.  So how did we stack up against the competition? Well, in terms of market share performance, we gained or held share in 36% of our categories in 2011. That's below the target of at least half that we'd like to see on an ongoing basis but for good reason. In categories including coffee, natural cheese, bacon and nuts, we took the lead on pricing to protect profitability. In these so-called pass-through categories, which represent 31% of our revenue, we chose to accept moderate share losses in the short term to protect profits. But unlike our center-of-store competitors, we grew both our top and bottom lines last year while also holding margins. Our organization learned a lot, how our brands can bloom and grow despite record commodity costs and how we can manage an input cost tsunami of more than $1 billion while keeping consumers buying our brands. That said, in no way do we expect to give up share on a permanent basis in those categories, and we have plans to improve this performance. Finally, in 3 of our categories where we command over 60% market shares, our marketing and innovations drove mid- to high-single digit category growth overall with some even growing double digits. Specifically, Philadelphia Cream Cheese grew 11%. Kraft Dinners grew 9%. Oscar Mayer Lunchables rose 6.5%. That kind of growth and the associated contribution to profits was worth a lot more than a 1 point share swing. Overall, our market share performance was solid in an unprecedented environment. And I'm confident that as the cost environment normalizes, we're in the best position in over a decade to profitably grow our North American market shares in the majority of our businesses. More importantly, we outpaced the industry in both dollar and unit growth. And if we were to break down numbers to show Grocery and Snacks as independent entities, each would be significantly outperforming the industry average. In fact, as we look across all center-of-store competitors, we are winning on both the top and the bottom lines. This brings me to the next part of our virtuous cycle. I mentioned earlier our decision to take pricing to protect profitability. That was clearly the right decision because it enabled our End-to-End Cost Management efforts to benefit our businesses and our shareholders. Last year, we grew both our gross profit dollars and our operating income. That's despite having to cover $1.3 billion in higher raw material costs and the loss of the Starbucks business. Now let's take a closer look at how we delivered record levels of productivity and how we achieved negative overhead growth. We're creating a lean End-to-End Cost Management culture, one where employees spend shareholder monies like it's their own. This includes training and deploying over 250 Six Sigma black belts across North America including our own Tim McLevish. Last year, procurement savings and Lean Six Sigma drove stepped-up productivity as a percent of COGS 4.4%, up from about 4% in 2010 and 3.5% in 2009. But let me give you another statistic. In 2011, 28 of the 57 plants in North America increased conversion productivity at a double-digit rate through Lean Six Sigma. The good news is that half of our plants made great improvement. The even better news is we still have half to go, meaning lots of opportunity ahead to improve costs even more. On the overhead front, we've made good progress in bringing down costs. Overheads as a percent of revenue fell to 11.4% in 2011, declining 60 basis points in each of the past 2 years. But there's more opportunity here as well. Last year, based solely on cost control measures we put in place, we delivered more than $100 million in overhead savings, and that was before the headcount reductions we announced last month. Bottom line, we believe we are at a very encouraging early point on our cost improvement curve. The combination of pricing to cover costs and the significant gains from End-to-End Cost Management is fueling the step-up in our spending behind innovation and marketing, which keeps our virtuous cycle spinning. In fact, I believe we were one of the few in our industry to increase investments and marketing and innovation last year. Overall, A&C as a percent of revenue was 6.3% in 2011. That's roughly flat on a percentage basis over the past 2 years due to the impact of pricing on the denominator. What you can't see when you're using this metric is that we have, in fact, continued to invest more dollars in A&C, about $335 million more over the past 2 years. That said, there is still significant room to increase our advertising support and drive our brands even harder. We know this because as you can see on the chart, each year, we continue to focus more of our advertising spending on the Power Brands; 7.2% of revenue last year. These brands drove market-leading profitable growth last year. Here are several examples: Miracle Whip and Oscar Mayer grew 5%; Wheat Thins was up 6%; Planters Nuts and NUTrition, 7%; Chips Ahoy!, 8%; Capri Sun, 9%; Philly Cream Cheese, 11%; Oreo, up 12%; Velveeta Shells & Cheese, up 20%; and Newtons, up more than 40%. It just goes to show you there is no such thing as a mature brand because great marketing is back at Kraft. Now let's take a look. [Presentation] I've got a dozen more of those that Jakubik will not let me show you. The thing I am most proud of is the transformational change we've made in our new product pipeline. We've gone from worst to first in 2 years. Our innovation big bets are now best in industry, and that's not just my opinion. A special thank you to Sanford Bernstein for naming us their Consumer Staples Innovator of the Year. Thanks, Alexia. It's great to be recognized. These new products have unleashed our marketers, delighted our consumers and customers, and they are our best defense against private label no matter what the category. Today, about 9% of our revenues come from new products. That's up from 6.5% just 2 years ago. In fact, new products added almost $600 million of revenue last year alone. As I said earlier, 2011 was a year of great progress, but we still have huge opportunity in front of us. So what does 2012 hold? As you can see on this slide, we believe the economic, consumer and customer environments will continue to be difficult. For the 40% of Americans that make less than $40,000, for the 20% that make less than $20,000, there is no real recovery. In these core consumers, we found real elasticity issues in the face of pricing to commodities. At Kraft, we believe we have an obligation to these consumers and our customers to offer great brand value at entry-level price points to offer good, better, best choices and even to democratize our health and wellness offerings to make them more affordable. When we do these things, even in the face of a tough economy, we drive traffic, volume and brand loyalty, all the more reason that we stick to our formula for success: focus on breakthrough innovation, invest in great marketing and sales excellence, and all of this enabled by relentless End-to-End Cost Management. Our 2012 priorities are designed to continue industry-leading growth by fueling the virtuous cycle and to position both North American snacks and North American grocery for success as they become independent entities. First, we'll continue to strategically distort our portfolio, and that starts with breakthrough innovation. Our innovation pipeline is the strongest I've seen, and I'm extremely excited about the great new products we have planned for this year. You've already seen how new products contributed about 9% of revenues last year. Well, watch out because our line-up is even stronger in 2012. Now let's take a look at some of the examples of what's in store this year.    [Presentation] You'll get a chance to sample some of these great new products today at lunch. We'll also continue to concentrate our A&C resources even more sharply behind 21 Power Brands. Now I realize 21 is an odd number, so you might be wondering what makes a Power Brand? It's simple. Each has to deliver what we call the 3 Ms: margin, materiality and momentum; margins that are accretive to the brand or category; materiality in that we can drive growth in large, vibrant categories; and momentum with great new product news. These Power Brands are bold and competitive. Gevalia Coffee, for example, is entering the premium segment against some formidable and familiar foes. Velveeta Skillet dinners with better taste and higher price points is going head-to-head against those traditional meat helpers. MiO Energy is building on our successful launch in the liquid beverage mix category. I know that some of you doubted MiO last year, but our MiO platform reached $100 million in less than 9 months, and the velocity of our new energy SKUs is already quite strong. Learning from our colleagues in Europe, we're creating a new energy and MiO bridge category in North America with Velveeta Biscuits. Our 135-year-old Philly Cream Cheese brand keeps growing strong with Philadelphia Indulgence, a creamy chocolate spread that's another great new product adjacency for this iconic brand. Our market-leading Capri Sun brand is introducing fortified fruit and vegetable juices. And we have a tremendous launch in the gum category that I'm not allowed to tell you about today, so look for that. But there are many, many more, as you can see. Another real opportunity for us is selective product line pruning. About 40% of this work will occur in Foodservice with the rest spread out among the other business units. We expect this pruning to modestly temper organic revenue growth this year by about 2 points in North America and about 1 point for Kraft Foods overall. On the bottom line though, the impact to operating income will be minimal.  A couple of years ago, my colleagues in Europe went through a similar exercise and look at the benefits they've enjoyed from improved product mix they're seeing even today. But they did it at a point where their end-to-end cost savings were beginning to bear fruits. That way, they could effectively manage the cost side of the equation. North America is now at a similar point in our evolution. Our second priority in 2012 is to continue to drive best-in-class costs. I've already talked about delivering gross productivity of more than 4%, how we'll leverage Lean Six Sigma to get there and how we delivered negative overhead growth in 2011. But the prospect of separating North American grocery from snacks offers a whole new set of opportunities on the cost front, and it was one of the key drivers for our decision to create 2 independent entities. By taking a clean sheet of paper approach to each business, we've uncovered significant opportunities to reduce our costs even further. We're still finalizing several aspects of our overall plan, so I won't talk about everything today. But I can tell you that we have significant opportunities to streamline manufacturing and distribution networks and to reduce our overhead costs to ensure that both companies are set up to execute their respective strategies. And these savings will fuel further investments in our great brands for years to come. I can also discuss what we announced in January, realigning our U.S. sales force, consolidating our U.S. management centers and streamlining our corporate and business unit organizations. These actions will result in the reduction of approximately 1,600 positions by year end.   Now let me spend some time on the U.S. sales force realignment. How we go to market and how we execute is vital to the health of our businesses. So it's important to understand these changes. The grocery and snacks businesses have distinct portfolios and routes to market. By realigning the U.S. sales structure to create more focused teams, each company can customize its approach to in-store sales and execution to maximize impact. The snacks business will leverage our direct store delivery model, with most U.S. retail sales employees shifting to the North American region of the global snacks company. To capitalize on its warehouse distribution strength, the U.S. grocery business will reorganize. Local retail support will be contracted to 2 leading sales agencies with Kraft oversight and direction. Acosta Sales & Marketing will become the company's partner for the grocery store and mass retail channel execution. They'll provide a separate team that will handle exclusively Kraft products and certain Procter & Gamble categories. CROSSMARK will continue to support Kraft in the convenience store channel. These changes offer several significant advantages, including greater reach and access to new technology. In addition, we will have the increased ability to flex resources up or down by category, by event, by season based on the needs of each business. These changes will enable the grocery sales team to concentrate on customer relationships at headquarters to drive growth for Kraft Foods and for our retail partners. We will have both U.S. sales organizations in place by April 1. Our third priority this year is to reignite a winning culture in North America. Our goal simply is to be North America's favorite food company. That includes being a place where each employee is excited to come to work every day and being the company that every top recruit wants to join. One of the reasons we decided to consolidate management centers is to facilitate this cultural transformation. I want the North American grocery company to have the spirit of a start-up and the soul of a powerhouse. We believe that 5 co-located business units, accountable and all under one roof, will provide a cultural watershed for our new company, one where we easily share the best practice of nurturing greatness in each other and in our beloved brands, a culture where we combine New York chutzpah with solid Midwestern values to drive consumer and customer delight of the most beloved portfolio in the food and beverage industry. To sum it up, we are making the virtuous cycle work in North America. This is a very different company than it was just a few years ago. It is the same great brands, but our team's focus, cost mentality and competitive culture are totally different. Our momentum is palpable and lasting. Because we are early on the cost curve, we have tremendous opportunities ahead to drive industry-leading results. And with the foundation we're laying now, both our grocery and snacks businesses in North America are well positioned for success following the spin. We're proving that becoming a lean, operationally efficient company is what it takes to make a step change investment in our great brands. That transformation will become even more impactful as you consider the potential for even greater focus and portfolio distortion when grocery and snacks are stand-alone businesses. Now let me turn it over to Dave to discuss our 2012 guidance.
David A. Brearton: Thanks, Tony, and good morning. As you've already seen today, we delivered strong results in 2011 with good performance in each of our 3 geographies. This provides a solid foundation and great momentum for us heading into this year. So how do we see 2012 shaping up? Our results this year will be driven by multiple factors.  Our focus on Power Brands will continue to drive strong organic growth. Synergies from the Cadbury acquisition, both in terms of costs and revenue, will be in full swing. We'll see further gains from End-to-End Cost Management. And at the same time, we will incur certain onetime costs to enable the global snacks and the North American grocery businesses to achieve peak performance in the future, as well as financing costs to execute the upcoming separation and establish a capital structure for each company. Let's look more closely at each of these factors. As we've already outlined this morning, organic revenue growth was strong across the board in 2011. Each of our regions delivered top-tier growth versus its industry peers through focused investments in our brands, great product innovation and an outstanding balance between pricing and vol/mix. In 2012, we'll benefit from the tailwind of this top line momentum in each of our 3 operating regions. In addition, the Cadbury acquisition is delivering on its promise. We've already generated about $400 million in revenue synergies to date. In 2011, revenue synergies contributed more than $300 million or about 60 basis points to our top line growth. Here are several examples. Last year, we launched Oreo and Tang in India where we leveraged Cadbury's deep distribution network to reach more than 300,000 outlets in less than 60 days. In Brazil, we expanded sales of Kraft products into 650,000 Cadbury outlets. That's more than double the points of sale 2 years ago. In Ukraine, we leveraged the Kraft network to make our Cadbury portfolio available in 75,000 retail outlets. As a result of these and many more examples, we remain on track to deliver our $1 billion revenue synergy target before the end of next year, with roughly 2/3 of this benefit coming from Developing Markets. And we expect these synergies to drive 50 to 100 basis points of top line growth in 2012. But what about cost synergies? By the end of last year, we had captured more than 80% of the $750 million target. That exceeded our earlier estimate. Our teams have done a terrific job this year putting in place one organizational structure in all of our Developing Markets and in 13 of our 17 European markets. Given the progress to date, we now expect to deliver about $800 million in synergies by the end of this year. That exceeds our original savings targets, and it does it about a year ahead of schedule. Last year at CAGNY, I talked about our End-to-End Cost Management program. In 2012, it will continue to drive gains after making great progress last year. Productivity from procurement, manufacturing and customer service and logistics continues to improve. We're now able to consistently deliver productivity of more than 4% of cost of goods sold year in, year out. Our overhead cost management efforts are also progressing well with negative overhead growth in North America and Europe and half overhead growth targets in Developing Markets. Last year, overheads as a percentage of revenue declined 60 basis points to 13.8%, and we expect similar results in 2012. So what does this mean in terms of guidance? Despite all the additional activities to ready each business for independence, we're confident that the strong momentum of our base businesses will allow us to deliver another top-tier year. So for 2012, we expect organic revenue growth to be broadly consistent with our long-term guidance. On the plus side, we expect strong momentum from our Power Brands in each region. The next wave of revenue synergy is from the Cadbury integration and a low- to mid-single digit benefit from carryover pricing. These benefits, however, will be tempered by 2 things: the challenging macroeconomic environment and a drag of up to 1 percentage point for the total company from the product line pruning in North America that Tony described earlier. As a result, we expect to deliver organic net revenue growth of approximately 5% in 2012. On the bottom line, we expect operating EPS growth to be consistent with our long-term guidance of 9% to 11% in constant currency terms. Strong operating momentum, further gains from End-to-End Cost Management and Cadbury integration synergies will drive growth. However, we also expect a headwind of approximately 4 percentage points from higher pension costs, as well as a negative impact from an increase in our effective tax rate to approximately 28% this year. As a result, operating EPS is likely to grow at the lower end of the 9% to 11% range. So that's what we expect on an operating basis. But as we prepare to separate into 2 companies this year, we'll be taking actions to position each company for future success. We'll be taking a clean sheet approach as we set up lean corporate structures, tailor support functions to the needs of each company, and streamline our manufacturing and distribution infrastructures. Each company will be ready to execute its unique strategy in the marketplace. We'll also have some onetime transition and transaction costs to execute the actual separation. As a result of this work, we expect to incur $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion of onetime costs. Cash expenses will be about 2/3 of this total, and most of these costs are expected to be booked this year. Also, let me preempt the likely questions about which entity, global snacks or North American grocery, will benefit from the savings associated with these activities. The answer will be both. Much of the cost will be borne by Kraft Foods, as we reported today, with benefits shared across the 2 entities as we set up each organization. These actions are necessary for separation but also for each company to achieve peak performance. As we get closer to the transaction date, the 2 management teams will be able to provide more detailed strategies and financial expectations. At that time, they will incorporate their starting cost structures, as well as their investment priorities going forward. Between now and the transaction date, we'll also set up the capital structures for each company. It involves migrating debt to North American grocery, and we have a number of options available to achieve that. But it will involve varying levels of potential debt breakage and financing fees. We currently estimate that it will cost us between $400 million and $800 million to execute the debt migration, depending on market conditions and the tactics we choose to utilize. As a reminder, at the end of all this, our commitment remains to create 2 investment-grade companies with access to commercial paper. Both companies will continue to benefit from a strong and consistent cash flow. I know there are some concerns on how our free cash flow was pacing during 2011. However, as we said during the year, it was more a function of working capital pressures as inventory costs ramped up early in the year, and the fact that we typically generate the bulk of our cash flow in the second half, especially in Quarter 4. As you can see on the chart, our cash generation did indeed come back into line. It was essentially flat with 2010 despite the high commodity environment. This allowed us to successfully delever from the Cadbury acquisition. That puts us in an excellent position to provide for a healthy balance sheet at each new company. We ended 2011 with gross debt to underlying EBITDA of 3.1x. Total debt was down more than $4 billion from March 2010. And we're also taking actions to create flexibility to migrate debt down to the North American grocery company. In January of this year, we issued $800 million of floating rate notes that will be redeemed at the earlier of the time of the spin date or 18 months. And we'll communicate news as we execute our debt migration plans between now and the transaction date. So to sum up our guidance for 2012, we continue to expect to deliver top-tier operating performance on both the top and bottom lines. We're taking actions to ensure we launch 2 successful companies, set up to deliver on each one's unique ability to do what it does best. And we're on track to launch 2 investment-grade entities with low-cost financing. Now let me turn it back to Irene.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Thanks, Dave. So as you've seen this morning, we finished 2011 with strong operating momentum in both our global snacks portfolio and in our North American grocery business. We've now reached the next logical step in our evolution. As we outlined last fall, we see the opportunity to accelerate our performance by operating these 2 companies independently. This will enable each industry-leading company to focus on its unique drivers of success. Each company will be best served by a different approach to investment and resource allocation. Both will compete from a position of strength in their respective markets, and both will be well positioned to outperform their peers and deliver attractive shareholder returns. The North American grocery company, with about $18 billion in revenue, will be a major force in the most profitable market in the world. Its competitive advantage will be the sheer scale of its leading center of the store brands, 80% of which hold the #1 position in their respective categories. As an independent company, the North American grocery business will gear its investments, infrastructure and supply chain to deliver revenue growth in line with its categories. It will continue to leverage great marketing and innovations like Tony just shared with you. Tony and his team will distort investments even further behind Power Brands, and they'll take a more entrepreneurial approach with other brands. At the same time, North American grocery will expand its strong margins by capturing some significant cost savings. As Tony outlined a few minutes ago, we're driving productivity through Lean Six Sigma and further procurement savings, and we're continuing to deliver negative overhead growth. As a result, this business will generate substantial cash flow. This cash can be returned to shareholders in the form of a highly competitive dividend payout and a growing dividend over time while continuing to fuel the virtuous cycle. Turning now to global snacks. This $35 billion business will consist of the current Kraft Foods Europe and Kraft Foods Developing Markets portfolios, as well as the North American snacks and confectionery businesses. As an independent company, about 3/4 of its revenue will come from snacks, and it will have a strong growth profile in the top-tier of its global peer group. This company will be the truly preeminent player in snacking with strength in every major region of the world. At the time of the spin-off, our global snacks business will derive about 44% of its revenue from Developing Markets. That's one of the most significant x-factors to emerging markets of any of our CPG peers. The footprint of global snacks within Developing Markets is also unique with a well-balanced presence among the Latin America, CEEMA and Asia Pacific regions. Indeed, this company will have significant reach and strong profitability in the BRICI markets, Brazil, Russia, India, China and Indonesia. About 37% of global snacks' revenue will come from Western Europe where we've been posting solid growth. And for the reasons I mentioned earlier, we're quite confident that this growth is sustainable. Finally, global snacks will have about 19% of its revenue from North America. Here, we'll take advantage of global platforms, best practices from around the world in impulse merchandising and expansion into fast-growing, high-margin, instant consumption channels. From a return perspective, global snacks will target industry-leading top line growth by rapidly expanding global product platforms, capitalizing on significant scale in developing markets, increasing presence in instant consumption channels and aggressively entering whitespace markets.  To drive margin gains, global snacks will leverage its cost structure through volume growth, improved product mix and disciplined overhead management. And while the business will generate significant cash flow, the top priority for global snacks will be to redeploy capital to support future growth. Specifically, the company will invest in additional opportunities in sales, distribution and manufacturing in the key growth regions. As a result, top-tier total shareholder return will be largely driven by consistent EPS growth and a modest dividend. So what happens next? First, we'll continue to report as one company until we spin. We have terrific momentum, and we remain firmly committed and focused on delivering our commitments in 2012. Early in the second quarter, we expect to file the initial Form 10 with 3 years of historical carve-out financials. Around mid-year, we expect tax rulings from the IRS. As you know, we've already named the senior leadership teams for each company. They are 2 very strong teams with a great mix of experience from both inside and outside the company. What's more, we'll benefit from an exceptional level of continuity in our leadership. This will ensure that we maintain strong operating momentum. Our leaders are currently going through a very disciplined process to fill out the remaining roles on their teams. We expect organizational structures and personnel decisions for both companies to be finalized by mid-year. Also by mid-year, we'll begin readiness testing. This will ensure that our systems and processes work independently. That way, we'll hit the ground running when we launch these 2 world-class companies toward the end of 2012. And finally, as we get closer to the spin date, we'll hold separate investor events for each company. So to summarize, 2012 will be another exciting year. We have strong operating momentum. We're outperforming our peers. We're executing this spin-off from a position of strength, and we've got a virtuous cycle in place that puts us in excellent position to continue to deliver top-tier results. We're creating 2 industry-leading independent public companies, each with a clear operating mandate and investment thesis, and each with the ability to deliver attractive returns to its shareholders. I'm confident that the best is yet to come. With that, let me open it up to your questions.
Christopher Jakubik: Okay, thanks. I think we'll end the webcast right there. And we'll stay in here, we'll do Q&A and then we'll adjourn to lunch. So for the questions, Andrew, go right ahead.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Tony, I'm curious. Do you... [Audio Gap]

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Christopher Jakubik -  David A. Brearton - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Operations
Analysts: Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Unknown Analyst -  Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Kraft Foods Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about 1 hour, including remarks by Kraft's management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Chris Jakubik, Vice President, Investor Relations for Kraft. Please go ahead, sir.
Christopher Jakubik: Thanks, Paula, and good afternoon, and thanks, everybody, for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and Dave Brearton, our Chief Financial Officer. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release. The release, along with today's slides, are available on our website, kraftfoodscompany.com. As you know, during the call, we'll make some forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties, so please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release as well as at the back of the slide presentation.  So now let me turn it over to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Chris, and good afternoon. Q3 was another strong quarter within a very challenging macro environment. We continue to have good momentum in all geographies on both the top and bottom lines. On the top line, consumers are responding favorably to our investments in new products and in better and more effective advertising. This has been a powerful combination. It's enabled us to take the necessary pricing to offset unprecedented increases in raw material costs, while delivering solid volume mix and market shares.  On the bottom line, we grew our underlying operating income at a double-digit rate, both in the third quarter and through 9 months. We did this by effectively managing our input costs through pricing and productivity while leveraging overheads and driving integration savings.  Our profit growth is broad-based. We're delivering higher profits in every geography. This reflects the virtuous cycle across the portfolio. We're also growing operating EPS double digits. And we're doing this even as we increase investments to drive future growth. But what gives me even greater confidence as we look ahead is the excellent momentum on each of the businesses that will comprise the new North American Grocery and Global Snacks companies. Let's start with North American Grocery.  These businesses are delivering strong revenue and profit growth. In fact, the fundamentals are better than ever. Tony Vernon and his team are driving growth through great marketing and a solid pipeline of new products. Through the first 9 months, we've increased our advertising and consumer investments on key brands. Our big bet grocery innovations have added more than $350 million in net revenues. This stepped up innovation, together with increased brand support, has enabled us to offset significantly higher input costs through pricing.  And finally, we're continuing to make tangible progress in End-to-End Cost Management. We're leveraging our Lean Six Sigma efforts and driving negative overhead growth to cut costs while at the same time improving effectiveness. Turning to our Global Snacks portfolio. It's already delivering strong growth, and we've only begun to tap its potential. Most important, all parts of the Snacks portfolio are growing. Global Biscuits is up 9% year-to-date on a constant-currency basis. Developing Markets are up more than 20%. China and Russia are leading the way with Biscuits in each country growing more than 40%. This strong performance is driven in part by a combination of revenue synergies from the LU Biscuit acquisition and the beginning of synergies from Cadbury. Global Chocolate is up 8%. This includes low teens growth across our Developing Markets. India increased nearly 50%, and we also delivered strong growth in Brazil, Argentina, Russia and Ukraine. Gum & Candy is up about 2%. As I discussed last quarter, we continue to see success in our Developing Markets with growth of nearly 9%. Candy is up double digits led by Halls and Eclairs. Performance was especially strong in India, China and Turkey. Turning to Gum. In Brazil, Trident has achieved record market share and revenue is up more than 15%. In Japan, Gum has grown double digits led by strong performance of Clorets and Stride. What's more, we've expanded market share by more than 3.5 points. So Gum & Candy is on a roll in Developing Markets. The challenge remains in Europe and North America where the Gum category is down in most markets.  The short- and long-term fixes for Gum in developed markets that we outlined on our call last quarter are on track. Our market shares are beginning to stabilize. In fact, our U.S. Gum share was essentially flat versus last quarter. While that's not where we want to be, we are making progress. Three months ago, we discussed the importance of innovation and the need to hit lower price points in the Gum category. In the third quarter, we introduced several new flavors of Base Trident and Trident Layers as well as new Stride Whitemint, featuring Olympic snowboarder, Shaun White. And later this month in North America, we're rolling out smaller $0.50 packs of Trident and Stride. Together, these actions are helping our Gum business and the category get back on track. As we move forward, we remain confident that we'll see continued improvement. In terms of Cadbury integration synergies, we're fully on track with our targets. We're on plan to capture 70% of the cost synergies by year end. These savings are already showing up as overhead leverage in a number of businesses. Revenue synergies are also on track, and we expect them to contribute about 50 basis points to our top line growth in 2011. In short, we're quite pleased with our strong performance this quarter.  So now let me turn it over to Dave to provide more details on our results.
David A. Brearton: Thanks, Irene, and good afternoon. Before we dive into the numbers, I'd like to offer some perspective on the quality of our results. There's no question that the consumer environment remains difficult and input costs remain high for everybody. Neither is likely to change anytime in the near future. Despite that, we're encouraged by the operating momentum we're seeing across our company. That gives us great confidence as we develop our plans for 2012. Specifically, we're confident that our strategies are the only answer in these tough times. They include continued investments in our brands with big bets on new products, on key countries, on key categories as well as relentless cost management. We're seeing that play out in our quarter 3 top line performance where we delivered strong organic growth of 8.4%. Stepped up pricing was the primary driver of growth. However, vol/mix continue to provide a steady contribution, once again demonstrating the strength from our brands. Our Power Brand had another strong quarter, up 10% globally.  We also generated significant gains from innovation. For example, across Continental Europe, we're successfully expanding into bite-sized chocolates. This is a result of our ability to factor that Cadbury Bytes to our Milka franchise.  In Biscuits, we're generating good revenue growth from various whitespace opportunities. Examples include the introduction of Oreo in India, as well as breakfast biscuits, including Belvita in the U.K. and Jubilee in Russia. And our new to the world innovations, such as MiO liquid beverage mixes in the U.S. and Philadelphia with Milka in Europe continue to perform quite well. Turning to profits. Underlying operating income rose 12% in the quarter. We delivered growth in every geography. North America rose 4% despite a 3-point headwind from the exit of the Starbucks business. Europe was up 18% and Developing Markets grew 45%. Overall, currency added just over 4 points of growth and vol/mix was favorable as well. But the key driver of operating income growth was effectively managing input cost inflation through pricing and productivity. In fact, we've offset roughly $1.7 billion in higher raw material costs year-to-date. But despite some recent moves in spot prices, costs will continue to decline and remain volatile. So we must and we'll remain vigilant on pricing and productivity. For the full year, we expect input costs to increase in the low teens versus 2010. That means we'll have another meaningful increase in costs in the fourth quarter. And as we look into 2012, costs will likely be up again at least through the first half of the year. In terms of margin, despite the strong increase in operating income, our underlying OI margin was up only 10 basis points to 13.7%. The reason is simple. The impact of a higher revenue base due to significant pricing negatively weighed on the margin calculation by about 1 percentage point. This masked solid contributions from overhead leverage and the timing of A&C spending versus the prior year. Turning to earnings per share. Operating EPS rose to $0.58 in the third quarter. That's up more than 23% from $0.47 in the year ago quarter. And through the first 9 months, operating EPS is up more than 10% to $1.72 from $1.56. Favorable foreign currency and a lower tax rate have contributed some of the upside. But for both the quarter and year-to-date, operations drove the majority of our earnings gains. And as I mentioned earlier, it's most encouraging that all geographies are making a solid contribution to our earnings. Let's start with a look at North America.  Despite a very difficult operating environment, our virtuous cycle continues to gain momentum. Every North American business segment delivered strong growth. Organic net revenues were up 5.9%. As expected, pricing was the key driver, representing 6.8 percentage points of the growth. Despite this, vol/mix declined only modestly and was slightly better than the first half trend. We're continuing to invest behind our key brands and new products in North America, and they're responding well. Nonpromoted volume have been strong, and several of our brands grew revenue double digits in the quarter. They were led by Newtons, Velveeta Shells & Cheese, Wheat Thins and Oreo.  In addition, several of our new product successes are truly redefining our categories. They include our new MiO liquid beverage mixes, which are on track to reach the $100 million mark in their first year; Oscar Mayer Lunchables with Fruit, which are driving record sales of our Lunchables franchise; and Velveeta Skillets, which are expanding our Dinners business by taking share in adjacent categories.  Our overall vol/mix result was affected by price elasticity. This continues to ramp consumption in a few categories like Cheese. In these categories, we're dealing with some of the highest input costs in history, and a number of competitors have lagged our pricing as we cross psychological price thresholds on a few market brands and SKUs. However, our market share performance remained solid for the portfolio as a whole. This reflects our strong investment in marketing and innovation. Now let's take a look at profitability. Here, underlying operating income grew 4% in the quarter. We delivered that growth despite the negative impact of about 3 points from changes in the Starbucks CPG business. OI growth was broad-based with gains in every business segment. In particular, the North America team has done an outstanding job managing input costs through pricing. They offset more than $800 million in higher commodity costs this year.  Despite productivity gains and lower SMG&A, however, OI margin declined slightly this quarter. This is due to the negative impact of roughly 1 percentage point from the higher revenue base driven by significant pricing. In Europe, operating results remained very strong. The team here delivered its seventh consecutive quarter on both top and bottom line growth. Organic revenues were up 5.2%. Pricing contributed 4 points to growth led by double-digit pricing in Coffee. Our European Power Brands rose 13%. Here are some highlights: Oreo, up 35%; Tassimo, up 30%; Milka, Belvita and Philadelphia were all up about 20%.  Growth benefited from the timing of some shipments between the second and third quarters, but even after adjusting for this impact, Power Brand growth was still in the high single digits. Top line growth also reflected benefits from revenue synergies in Chocolate and Biscuits from both the LU and Cadbury acquisitions. This helped fuel nearly 70% growth of our chocobakery platform. And despite significant pricing, market shares were strong across the board. Now let's turn to profit. Underlying operating income rose 18%, including a positive 11 percentage point impact from currency. The increase in both operating income and margin was driven by vol/mix gains, lower overheads and improved productivity. Margin increased despite the negative impact of a higher revenue base on the calculation of about 1.5 percentage points.  Even with significant pricing this year, net price realization continues to lag cost inflation. We've announced additional pricing actions in certain categories, and we expect to see these fully implemented in the coming months. In Developing Markets, we delivered another quarter of very strong growth. The virtuous cycle continues to pay off, and the benefits of integration are beginning to take hold. Organic revenues grew 15.3% with a good balance between pricing and vol/mix. Growth benefited somewhat from the normalization of trade inventory of last year. In addition, at the end of the third quarter, we did observe some customers buying ahead of announced price increases. This may soften growth in the fourth quarter, but we still expect solid double-digit growth for the full year.  Within the region, Asia Pacific led by India and China and Latin America led by Brazil continued their double-digit growth rates. But CEEMA also grew double digits, reflecting a significant turnaround in a region that's been hard-hit economically. Ukraine continues to stand out, delivering growth of more than 35%, and Russia was up sharply due to gains in Chocolate and Biscuits. Power Brand grew more than 17% led by growth of nearly 50% for Oreo, Tuc and Club Social biscuits.  Underlying operating income margin increased significantly in the quarter to 15.3%. Underlying operating income grew 45%. This improvement reflected effective management of input costs and vol/mix gains. As with revenue, the year-on-year comparison also benefited from the normalization of trade inventories a year ago.  We continue to support growth in Developing Markets. We have made significant investments in sales capabilities to leverage opportunities from the combination of Kraft and Cadbury. We're funding these investments from end-to-end cost savings and integration synergies. Turning to our guidance. We began increase both our top and bottom line guidance for the year. This is due to our strong operating performance and business momentum in each region through the first 9 months. On the top line, we're raising our outlook for organic net revenue growth to at least 6%. That's up from at least 5% previously. And on the bottom line, we've increased our operating EPS guidance to at least $2.27, up from at least $2.25. This reflects several things: strong operating gains year-to-date, our continued increases in investments to accelerate future growth opportunities and cost savings, and the currency benefits we've realized through the first 9 months.  I should note that given the recent volatility in exchange rates, our operating EPS guidance excludes any potential impact from currency in the fourth quarter. We will, however, flow the currency impact, positive or negative, through to EPS in the fourth quarter.  Now I'll turn it back to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Dave. Let me update you on the process of preparing for the launch of our 2 new companies. Over the past 3 months, we've made great progress. Since our last presentation at the back-to-school conference in September, we've defined the strategic foundations for each. This work included the detailed brand splits and licensing structures between the 2 companies. The most significant of these was about the Planters brand.  Specifically, we decided that Planters would fit best within the North American Grocery company. Why? Because Planters is a U.S.-only business. Most of its sales are in supermarkets, and its route to market and supply chain aligns much better with a warehouse network rather than with the direct store delivery systems used for cookies and crackers. Until the separation is completed though, the business will continue to be managed and reported as part of U.S. Snacks. We've also decided on the name for the North American Grocery company when it launches next year. It will be Kraft Foods. This company will keep the Kraft name because it has very strong consumer recognition and brand equity in the U.S. and Canada. We're still working on the name for the Global Snacks company, which will be put to a shareholder vote in May.  In addition, the tax filings in the U.S. and Canada are on track with the Canadian filing recently submitted. And we'll file our initial Form-10 during the second quarter next year.  We're well underway in designing the frameworks for each organization. Transition teams across the company are developing detailed plans to prepare for this stint. Finally, we expect to renounce the leadership for each company by the end of the year. So to summarize, our momentum remains strong across our businesses and around the world. We've raised our outlook for 2011, and we remain confident that we'll perform in the top tier of our peer group for the full year. We're on track to take the next logical step in our transformation: The creation of 2 highly attractive, independent public companies, each with a clear mandate and each with the ability to deliver attractive returns to shareholders.  With that, let me open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just 2 questions for you. The first one I want to ask -- and I know you don't want to give guidance for next year. And my only question will be, it sounds like you're at least indicating some -- obviously some continuing cost inflation at least in the first half. And I guess you have some more pricing going in the place now. So do you see those 2 as -- can you give a little color on that for 2012, just what to expect at least maybe in the first half of the year?
David A. Brearton: Sure. It's Dave. I think -- as we sit here today, I know that commodities have come down over the last month or so, but that's on the headline commodities. We -- as you look year-over-year, we would still expect to see a cost increase in the fourth quarter, and as you look at the full list of potential cost increases, including packaging, energy, transportation and more secondary ingredients. As we sit here today, we would still see costs up again next year. Nowhere near the impact we've had this year, that could obviously change positive or negative, but certainly not like this year. But I think most important, our intention would be to price away the input cost inflation the same as we had this year and to drive our brand equity investments through continued overhead and productivity drive focus. So I think the strategy will be the same, but we're not expecting any reduction as we sit here today next year.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Do you have pricing in place for next -- have you put in place any price increases that you've announced yet for 2012?
David A. Brearton: We have not announced any increases for 2012. We still have some pricing that we've announced this year that is not yet fully implemented in a couple of categories and geographies. But we have not yet announced the 2012.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I just had a final question, more of a kind of a modeling question in relation to, you have an extra week in the fourth quarter. I know that not all the businesses initially have a benefit coming through in Q4. So if you said what kind of benefit that could provide to the fourth quarter volumes, I guess, of revenue overall?
David A. Brearton: The organic revenue guidance we're giving excludes the incremental calendar timing. So we've had a few minor calendar changes actually as we've gone through this year, as we bring on the LU and Cadbury businesses and sort of threw things up. But when we report organic revenue growth, it's on a comparable basis, so it excludes that kind of incremental benefit.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask about productivity improvement? I think at the beginning of the year, you're talking about not just the Cadbury cost synergies, but also the underlying productivity improvement on the base Kraft business being 4% of COGS. Is that still on track? Could you give a little bit of color about where that's coming from, what kind of things are being cut out? And is that the kind of pace that could be continued going forward?
David A. Brearton: The short answer is yes. We announced in CAGNY that we were targeting 4% of our cost of goods sold as productivity going forward. We're on track to deliver that this year, and we would expect to deliver that going forward as well. And that cuts across the entire supply chain. In our factories, we're doing a lot of work with Lean Six Sigma techniques. It was led by North America, but we've taken that globally now. We have a procurement program. We called it SAVOR, and we introduced that a couple of years ago. And that continues to deliver benefits. And obviously, we have a lot of logistics benefits as we sort of leverage both of those things to relook at our networks. So it is across the entire supply chain than it is globally. And all 3 of our geographies will hit that 4% number. So it's pretty -- it's got good momentum.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just 2 questions. First, in terms of the full year guidance, the tax rate that you're assuming for the year?
David A. Brearton: It's basically -- obviously, we had a very favorable tax rate in quarter 3. We had some one-off benefits in quarter 3. I think quarter 4, I would expect a return to the normal guidance we gave you in a kind of low-30s tax rate. And I would use that as you're thinking going forward so.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So low-30s tax rate for the fourth quarter or for the full year?
David A. Brearton: I think that would be kind of our ongoing normal tax rate. So if nothing else onetime happens, it will kind of in that low-30 range.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then how much is the geograph -- if you look at the profit mix at least in this quarter, I think roughly 90% of your profit growth came from your International segment. So how much is that driving down the tax rate as well?
David A. Brearton: It has. I mean, I think a few years ago, our tax rate was more in the sort of 33% to 35% range. And we've been sort of guiding you towards low-30s, and that really is the geographic mix playing out. So we would expect to see that continue going forward.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just in terms of how you're thinking about, I guess incenting people for 2012. You've got a -- the split could happen at some point or should happen at some point during next year. And just what are you doing differently, Irene, to sort of make sure that people stay focused on the end of the full year and appropriately within the business segments they're in versus maybe getting distracted or having targets that are a little bit big relative to what happens once the company splits? It's just -- it's a bit of a unique situation?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, I think it's a really important question, Bryan, and what I will tell you, probably, most important is we are dividing and conquering. And so Tim McLevish and his team and the work streams that are focused on the spin, much of that is backroom stuff, much of that is at corporate. And those teams are very much focused on execution of the spin. Those are different people than our business operators who are very much focused on delivering the business results. And we are incenting -- all of our employees are incented on KFT and our shareholders in KFT, and I'm quite confident that that will enable them to remain focused on delivering the results that we have committed to.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So the targets that will get set for 2012 will be -- will still be for -- or at least the total company component will still be total KFT, and then somehow that will adjust at the -- after the split?
Irene Rosenfeld: Absolutely. We will set the 12-month target. We don't know exactly when the spin will be completed. What we have said is that it will be done by the end of the year, and we will go out with 12-month targets for the full company. And that is what our folks are incented on.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Okay, great. And just one last question. You said that the name for the SnackCo will be up for a shareholder vote, is that correct?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. Just it happens to be related to the legal structure, and -- but I promise you it will be a delicious name, and we will share it with you as soon as it is public.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Well, do we get a chance to submit our own suggestions?
Irene Rosenfeld: In fact, you will.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of questions. I guess have you detailed what the cost of this split is going to be, both in terms of expenses and estimated cash? And if -- I guess if things are going so well, why are we going through all of this?
David A. Brearton: I'll answer the first question, Eric. Yes, we have not yet given out guidance on what the cost of executing the transaction will be. We have said there will be some costs related to the tax impact from this aggregate in the legal entities. So these are refinancing costs and advisory fees, and there'll be some costs around setting up the 2 companies to be successful as we go forward. So we've outlined there will be some costs. We have not quantified them. We're actually in the process now of going through the detail separation planning. And so I think as -- we'll have more information probably in early next year, and we'll hope to comment there when we do the quarter 4 release to give you more insight into that.
Irene Rosenfeld: And answering the question, Eric, why are we doing this, I'll come back to the fact. We were very clear when we announced it. We are doing this from a position of strength. Our business has never been healthier around the world. But we do see, as we have evolved our portfolio, we have 2 very distinct portfolios between our Global Snacks business and our North American Grocery business. They're different brands, they have different profiles, they have different margin structures. And we really believe, as we look at them, the opportunity to address their different selling needs, their different routes to market and the different and manage -- opportunity to manage them differently can create greater value for each of those businesses independently, than we would be able to create together. And that's why we're choosing to separate them. It has -- we feel terrific about the underlying momentum of the business, and I feel quite confident that as we set up these 2 companies, they will be 2 world-class companies that will be successful.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then as a follow-up, Dave, I guess on Page 8 of the slides, I've tried to track this for a while, but it looks like if Cadbury this year-to-date added $0.03, but maybe you have some currency benefit because it's so international. But then you've got the higher interest expense and the higher share count. I mean, was it still dilutive year-to-date?
David A. Brearton: No. Now the $0.03 on Page 8 is actually just the January benefit. So last year, we only had 11 months; this year, we had a full year of Cadbury. So we called that out because it's not really operating growth, it's just an extra month of earning. So we've called that out separately. We said at the start of the year that Cadbury would be slightly accretive this year, and we're still on track for that. So you should -- it's not baked, but it will be slightly accretive this year.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Last thing is, you said that the tax rate was quite low. I guess that we confirm that when we went through the numbers. But as an offset, the corporate expense was a lot higher. Is there like initial cost from the split? Or is that something else that's running through that corporate line?
David A. Brearton: No, there's nothing in there on the split, onetime costs or anything like that. It's really is just timing of expenses here. Corporate, we've just got a few loans to come through. We're still on track for the year, and truthfully, overhead continues to be a source of investment for the rest of the P&L, not the other way around.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: What does on track for the year mean? Because I had like -- you're running it like $65 million in the first and second quarter, now it's $150 million.
Christopher Jakubik: Yes. Eric, it's Chris. Frankly, it was just -- in terms of timing of bookings some of the corporate expenses, didn't relate to the spin. In fact, when you look at it year-to-date, it's lower than it was last year, and as a percentage of net revenue, it's coming down as we would've expected from synergies.
David A. Brearton: And I think as you think about the different segments, Eric, we are going to be down in overheads year-over-year in North America, we'll be down in overheads year-over-year in Europe. And the overhead growth really is going to be driven by sales investments in Developing Markets. So that's what I mean by on track.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Irene, I wanted to ask you a little bit here about price and volume in the elasticity. Certainly, a lot of questions have been coming from clients. I mean, we had relatively terrible headlines in the news on GDP reductions in the United States and Europe. And certainly, consumer sentiments been going down. Your pricing volume elasticity, though, in North America, it actually looks very good. I mean, I would say in comparing to the 9-month numbers, your pricing has accelerated 160 basis points in volumes or about 20 basis points better than the 9-month results. What do you think is happening here at the consumer level? How strong is -- are you seeing the North American business in context of this environment? And can we continue to see it this strong on the price and volume elasticity?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I will say we feel good about the response that we've seen so far around the world. The elasticity levels, especially in North America, have been in line with what we had expected. And I think the 2 metrics that we look at that give us the most confidence is the strong vol/mix performance underneath the revenue growth as well as the strong market share performance. I think the combination of the investments that we've made in our brand, the big bets that we've made on new products, as well as the relentless focus that [indiscernible] and the team has placed on cost management, have all been the factors that enabled us to essentially win in this very challenging environment.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And maybe just a follow-on to that whole topic, it's just private label. In '08, the answers seem to be just drastically different. Is there something you can point us to about the private label thread and how your -- how you envision it right now today and maybe contrast it to how you visioned it or thought about it in 2008?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I mean, we take the presence of private label very seriously as they are an important player in the marketplace. But we believe that the key to success is to have strong brands that are well supported with a strong innovation pipeline, and that's been the key to our performance. I would say the -- one of the lessons that was learned in 2008 was that when a lot of our retail partners supported private label to the exclusion of the strong brand, the categories did not perform well. And I think it was a really important lesson that was learned, and it's making the response this time around quite different. And at the end of the day, our obligation and our ability to compete is to drive traffic to their stores. And again, as long as we have strong brands that are well supported and a strong innovation pipeline, that's what gives us the ability to be able to take the pricing.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Final question is on marketing. You mentioned in the release that you continue to push the investment in marketing. Is the investment, for the full year 2011, is it up beyond your original expectations? And can you give us any kind of quantification of that?
David A. Brearton: I think year-to-date, our spending is up year-over-year. It's probably in line with what we would expect, and we'd expect it to be up on the year as well. So we do continue to invest in marketing. We also invest in the sales, particularly in Developing Markets. So when we talk about investing for growth, it's really on those 2 pieces. And that's the key part of the strategy we'll continue to push going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Scott Mushkin of Jefferies.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I want to get back to the kind of breaking up the company. I've been dying to ask this question for a while, so I appreciate a forum to do it. So looking at the European Grocery business, I kind of believe I understand why it's staying with the Snacks business, maybe it's a scale issue. But it doesn't seem to fit as we look at it. So I was wondering if you could kind of talk to us on why keep that business with the Snacks business? It seems like it just moves the problem from the whole company over to Europe or to the Snacks business. And it also seems to complicate things by having a split trademarks like Philly cream cheese. So I was wondering if you can go through the logic there, because besides, that we kind of really like the idea of the split.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. First of all, what I would tell you is, as we contemplated the best way to do the split, we try to get the right balance of understanding the different business characteristics as well as making sure it was simple to execute. And so we chose to keep our International business essentially intact because it's primarily a Snacking business. 85% of the revenue in the International business is in Snacks. And then we kept in primarily coffee and powdered beverages in selected geographies for scale purposes. Brands like Philly are very strong contributors to portfolios like in Europe. I mean, in fact, it was up about 19% in the third quarter as it was elsewhere in the world. So the reality is these are businesses that are a part -- particularly in a given country, they are an important part of the overall portfolio that we take to market in a particular country. It does not significantly impact the overall profile of the snacking company. And in fact, the simplicity of North American Grocery in terms of being concentrated in the U.S. and Canada is part of what allows us to do some things differently than we would be able to do otherwise in terms of systems support, in terms of sales support and a lot of the infrastructure. And that's really the basis for our ability to simplify that business and drive down the cost structure considerably. So it was a consideration, a practical consideration of how best to execute this in a way that would allow the business to continue to perform. But it was also part of the rationale for the North American Grocery business is to make it a much more focused homogeneous business, and in that sense, we felt that this is the right way to execute it.
David A. Brearton: I would also just add that Philadelphia is the exception. So it is clearly shared and we are working through how we're going to manage that going forward. Most of the Grocery business in the Europe and Developing Markets is pretty unique. It's Vegemite in Australia, it's Simmenthal in Italy, it's Miracoli in Germany. It's a lot of brands that actually aren't shared with North America. So it's not really sort of cutting trademarks in half with the exception of things like Philadelphia, but that really is the exception.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And how about distribution of grocery overseas versus the U.S.? I mean, obviously, there's DSD here for the Snacks business, and that's why Planters is staying with U.S. Grocery. Can you talk me through a little bit of how distribution works overseas? Are there -- is that -- was that part of the consideration or no?
Irene Rosenfeld: No, it's actually -- the DSD consideration is primarily a North American consideration. But certainly, the route-to-market, the commonality of the portfolio within the Global Snacking business makes the route-to-market and our selling to distributors in the various countries that much easier.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then maybe if I could just have one more. I know we talked about this on previous calls but had to -- we picked on the India market a lot, and maybe a little progress report on small pack Oreos and if you could give us some color on that. I wonder if you had anything to share more on that and maybe other Developing Markets.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I think we quoted some of the incredible statistics. I talked about some of the incredible statistics in some of our company -- countries around the world. But I mean, as we look at some of the Developing Markets, we look at our Biscuit business. In the third quarter, Biscuits were up more than 26%; China was up 55%; Brazil, 23%; Russia, 59%; Chocolate grew 12%; India led the pack with really over 40%; Russia grew 22%. I talked about the record performance of Gum in markets like Brazil, which was up in the high double digits, so -- and it's no accident. That 15% growth that we just delivered in Developing Markets was quite pretty much across-the-board.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a couple of quick things. One is, I know you're still in the process of searching for a CEO for North America Grocery. You'll have some of that, I guess, towards the end of the year. And you said it could be either internal or external. But that business, meaning North America, is doing quite well. It's going to have a bit of a different profile going forward or reason for being as you've talked about. What, I guess, specifically, is the sort of skill set that you're looking for as you think about who's best able to run that business going forward, and how might that be different given the strategy is changing?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I would say, actually, the strategy of GroceryCo does not look dramatically different than from the strategy of North America today. And I think the underlying momentum that we're seeing in our North American business, again, the factors that have contributed to that success, the focus on key brands, the distortion of our investment, the strong innovation pipeline, all of those will be important contributors together with the cost discipline. All of those will be important contributors to the success of GroceryCo going forward. And so we feel quite good about the team in place and the results that they are delivering. As we have said before, the Board has an obligation to carry out its fiduciary responsibility to follow with this from the process, which is what is going on right now. But we remain confident that we'll be in a position to make the announcements by the end of the year.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then you've talked about progress also on market shares, and I know we've gone back and forth a little bit around what the best way to represent that, both internally and externally, would be whether it's percent of sales that are either holding or growing share, and I know that's not a perfect metric for a bunch of reasons. But is there a way you can give us a sense of maybe how to quantify what you mean by shares continue to improve?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, at this point, Andrew, we are still talking about what percent of revenue is essentially flat or growing. And we think that's the best broadbrush metric to use. Obviously, our focus internally is looking at key categories and key brands versus key competitors but I think as an aggregate metric to just give you a sense of the health of the business. And again, I think the best shorthand we can provide to you as to why we have confidence about the strength of our brands and why we have performed well even as we have taken pricing; the fact that we've been able to hold share in North America and about half of our categories hold our gross share, and that internationally in Developing Markets in Europe, it's upwards of 60%, is what gives us great confidence that together with the vol/mix performance that we have the ability to continue to invest in our businesses and drive the performance that we've committed to.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's helpful. And then one last thing, a quick one. Dave, in thinking about the fourth quarter, currency, obviously, very volatile. Given where things and rates are today, do you have a sort of an estimate around what that would impact sort of your EPS by -- in the fourth quarter by any chance?
David A. Brearton: I don't want to speculate, because a couple of days ago, I probably would've told you it was favorable. Yesterday, I probably would've said it was neutral. Today it's probably neutral or slightly positive, but it moves a lot. And so I think it's more likely to be neutral positive than neutral negative, but it's a bit early given the kind of volatility we got going on right now.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Eric Serotta of Wells Fargo.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Wondering whether you could give a bit of color, particularly for North America, as to how the business progressed during the quarter and as we move into the fourth quarter. Certainly, the tone of the economic data got markedly worse. And I realize there is seasonality to your business. But could you provide some sort of color as to how things progress month-to-month?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, obviously, we're not going to talk about results month-to-month. There's a fair amount of volatility that, obviously, a lot of it has to do with our programming. But I would tell you that we feel quite good about the fact that we are just about now to lapse the pricing that we took last year. And given the strength that we're seeing in our franchises, we feel quite good about where we stand. So I don't think -- I think the results, as we exit the quarter, are indicative of what we're carrying into the fourth quarter, and we have every confidence that we will deliver the results that we've suggested.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney of Janney.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Could you -- is it possible you could break out or at least give me a directional sense of what -- you gave us a year-to-date figures on Biscuits, Chocolate and Gum & Candy. What the components are of vol/mix and pricing in those sales figures, and if they have changed over from the first half figures to Q3?
Irene Rosenfeld: Jon, that will be a tough thing to do because I was quoting some specific figures within Developing Markets. Obviously, I -- we know we have our -- the global category results that I mentioned in my scripts at a very high level. But to be able to do the component, the vol/mix and pricing pieces of it, it's many different countries and it would be an almost impossible task. So we actually don't look at it that way. What you can look at is the vol/mix contribution within each of our key geographies, which you saw was quite positive underlying the 1.4 points of vol/mix contribution year-to-date. So actually, the 1.4 was third quarter. And so I think you can see that each geography had a very strong aggregate performance. North America was down slightly. The other geographies were up. And those were the components, but it would be impossible for us to try to break those down at a global level.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: The category, and even the sort of product category volumes globally.
David A. Brearton: At this stage. I mean, and truthfully, even if I did, I wouldn't have to book here with [indiscernible] so.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: The -- I guess with following up on the split up a little bit, has this caused you to reevaluate in any cases or do over some of the integration plans you've had in place? And have there -- have you heard any stories of people either confused in thinking they'd be selling certain products and now they're not going to be representing those products within your North America sales and marketing force since it's what was announced?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, first of all, when you think about the synergies and the integration activities, the vast majority of those are outside North America, as you know. So there's been no change to that. And as we've said, we're on track for the $750 million of cost synergies as well as the billion dollars of revenue synergies that we've identified, and there's no change there. Probably, the only place where it's a relevant conversation is in our Canadian business because we had completed that integration, and we are splitting that up. But we made the decision that we didn't feel that that was an important -- enough consideration as we looked at the aggregate benefit to the company of splitting it up.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. So as it relates to the, say, United States Cadbury business, no real change from the integration plans [indiscernible]...
Irene Rosenfeld: Not at all. In fact, it's important that our Biscuit business and the Gum business are integrated and are ready to go as we create the U.S. Snacks business going forward.
David A. Brearton: In fact, we actually turned on the SAP system we have. We put Cadbury on to that on October 1 here in the U.S. So we continued very much with that integration because we need that as we go forward.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And just one final one. Talked a little bit last quarter about Gevalia and some of the pretty -- I guess January was the targeted launch there. Is that still on track for January sort of launch of Gevalia and U.S. Beverages? And what, if anything, is changed there?
Irene Rosenfeld: Nothing. We're still on track, we're delighted by the retailer response that we've gotten, we expect very strong distribution and we fully expect that this will enable us to participate fully in the premium Coffee segment in the U.S.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just for modeling purposes, I was wondering if you could help us. I think in your comments, you said that fourth quarter, some customers have pulled forward volume, I think, in Developing Markets in advance of price increases. What do you think just quantitatively that would mean to our modeling for fourth quarter? And then secondly, the last 2 fourth quarters, the operating margin has been quite a bit lower than the other 3 during the course of the year. Can you tell us why that is and whether we should expect that to happen again?
David A. Brearton: I guess on both of those, I will just refer you to the annual guidance, really. I mean, we will be 6% or higher on the revenue side. And in Developing Markets, in particular, I think the reason we made those comments is quarter 3 was so darn good. At 15%, we wouldnt want people to think we're going to run at that rate going forward. We did have a couple of one-offs that helped us get that number. But Developing Markets is a double-digit growth business, and we would expect to see double-digit growth on the year. And we would expect to be 6% or higher on total KFT on the year. So I think on the revenue, that explains that. In terms of quarter 4 and the margin trends, we have a seasonal business. We sell different things as we go through the year. So traditionally, quarter 4 is a lower quarter in terms of margins. I think last year, in particular, it was lower because we made a decision to invest more for growth in the back half. So both quarter 3 and quarter 4 were a little bit lower than typical. And this year, frankly, I think it's a little more normal pacing of our operating income. So I think last year was a bit of an anomaly. But, yet, most years, you would see quarter 4 a bit lower than the other quarters. It just won't be as dramatic as it happened last year.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And one last thing, on Planters, Planters has had a rocky past. It seemed like the business was starting to improve a little bit this year, and I thought part of that was that it was getting some front-end distribution, thanks to the Cadbury sales force in Wal-Mart specifically. And now you're saying it's going to go to the Grocery business, and that may be the best place for it. But are you concerned at all, Irene, that this business is kind of getting bounced around again and may lose focus next year?
Irene Rosenfeld: No, Rob. We actually -- obviously, we feel good about the work, the support that we got in the Wal-Mart front end, and we talk a lot about that as a consideration as we thought about where the business was [indiscernible]. But I will tell you that it is disproportionately a center of the store supermarket business despite the fact that we've been -- made some good penetration in some of these other locations and some of the other outlets. And on that basis, together with the considerations of supply chain, as well as the fact that it's a warehouse distributed product, led us to the conclusion that it would be best served in the North American Grocery business. That said, we have high expectations for it. It's on a roll. We had a very strong quarter, and we expect to see continued growth as we go forward.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Are you going to move those folks to Chicago?
Irene Rosenfeld: At this point, we have made no announcements about what happens with the group. We're working our way through that as we think about a number of the other items regarding the spin.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Todd Biveck [ph] of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Unknown Analyst - : A couple quick questions on the balance sheet. You've got about $3 billion of notes coming due over the next 8 months or so, and you had about $1.1 billion matured yesterday. Can you talk a little bit about how much you plan to pay off as you work towards de-leveraging to your target of about 3x leverage?
David A. Brearton: Yes, I think they started with a note yesterday. We said we would pay off that note when it came due with cash, and we did. So that ones behind us. We had a $2 billion euro note in March, so there's a $900 million U.S. note coming due in June. We're still working through how to manage those maturities. Obviously, those are an opportunity to help us try to get debts on the right side. So we're working through our options as we speak, but we will probably need to refinance all or most of that in some fashion or other. But we're working through the option now, and we'll probably be able to give more details when we get to the Form-10 in quarter 2.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay, that's helpful. And then just finally, with respect to the split up, have you gotten any further on your thinking in terms of are you going to split up the bonds between the 2 different organizations? Or do you think most of the bonds or all of the bonds will stay with one entity? And if so, which entity?
David A. Brearton: Yes, I think we've gotten a lot further but not to the point we're at liberty to tell you much. Again, we'll come to you in probably quarter 2 when we file the Form-10. We're working through the various scenarios. But before we can decide where the bonds go, we have to make sure we understand where all the liabilities go within the rest of the balance sheet and make sure we've really thought through the dividend policy of both then the capital structure and then the specific bonds. So there's a fair bit of work going on. And again, I think probably the Form-10 will be the point at which we'll be at liberty to be more specific on that.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson at Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Just a quick question on the revenue synergies. I know you've reiterated that you still expect the 50 basis points for this year. I'm assuming that some of that has already come through in Q3. So I was -- I'm curious. If you could just comment as to where you've seen the most synergies come through thus far?
Irene Rosenfeld: Actually, the most revenue synergies that we've seen so far have come from the LU Biscuit synergies. I think we're seeing that play through in some of our marketing and merchandising activities. We're seeing it play through in the launch of ideas like chocobakery, which is essentially the integration of Biscuit and Chocolate. And so that's the bulk of what we're seeing playing through. That said, we certainly are beginning to see some of the Cadbury synergies play through in a number of markets, primarily on the distribution side. So, for example, in markets like Brazil, we've now got Kraft products that are being sold in twice as many outlets, going from about 300,000 outlets to almost 700,000 outlets. I've talked about the investments that we've made in India that have -- and basically, we're distributing our Oreo product through the chocolate distributors in India. In Mexico, we're combining the 380,000 outlets that Cadbury had together with the outlets that Kraft biscuits were distributed in. So we're seeing those kinds of contributions in the course of the year. But the bulk of those revenue synergies will really start to hit us in 2012 and 2013.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, perfect. And then one more, on just back to the tax not to -- the tax bringing out to beat the dead horse again, but I'm just curious, I mean, it looks like about 65% of your total segment operating profit did come from Developing Markets in Q3. So I'm just curious if you were to see continued operating profit at such a rate in Q4. I mean, is there a possibility that the tax rate could still be a little bit lower than you originally thought at the beginning of the year for the full year if Q4 actually still performs?
David A. Brearton: Yes, I don't think you'll see a 45% increase in profit again going forward on the Developing Markets. They're doing really, really well. But that included a lot of onetime stuff as we discussed. But I think it is fair to say that, as we continue to grow double digits in Developing Markets and more in the sort of low single digits in North America and Europe, you're going to see an ongoing progression to lower tax jurisdictions. But that's not going to happen overnight. I think it will become a lot more visible when we get through the separation on Global Snacks as a standalone entity. It has 42% of this business in Developing Markets and 36% in Europe. Then I think you'll start to see that -- you'll probably start to see the impact of the migrating profit over time, so -- but in total KFT today, I think it's a -- it will show up but not quickly.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, perfect. And then one last question. I know, obviously, there's -- we all talk about what's happening in your larger categories. But I am just curious, I don't hear mentioned your Greek yogurt brand, Athenos, very much. I was just wondering if they're -- if you do ever plan or you could plan to potentially increase the growth and capacity in the market just considering what we're seeing in the category in the U.S.
Irene Rosenfeld: I think that was one of our very entrepreneurial activities, but I don't think it was a big strategic place for us. I don't see a big push behind that one. But I think we've got about $400-plus million of very strong innovation that is at the root of our performance.
Christopher Jakubik: So I think that concludes the call. And as usual, Dexter Congbalay and I will be around for any follow-up questions from the analysts and Mike Mitchell will be around for any questions from the media. So thanks very much for joining us today, and we'll speak to you soon.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-04 08:00:00) =====
Executives: David Brearton - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Operations Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Christopher Jakubik - 
Analysts: Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Kraft Foods Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Kraft management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Chris Jakubik, Vice President, Investor Relations for Kraft. Please go ahead, sir.
Christopher Jakubik: Thank you. Good morning, and thanks for joining us particularly since this call is quite a bit earlier than you were expecting today.  With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and David Brearton, our Chief Financial Officer. Earlier today, we sent out 2 releases: our second quarter earnings report and an announcement of our intent to create 2 independent companies. These releases, along with today's slides, are available on our website, kraftfoodscompany.com.  Before we get started, please note that during this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures, and you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation.  Let me now turn it over to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Chris, and good morning. And thanks to all of you for getting up so early for our news. As you've now seen, we made 2 very significant announcements today. First, we reported terrific second quarter earnings. Concurrently, we announced our intention to create 2 independent publicly traded companies by the end of 2012, as the next step in the transformation of Kraft Foods.  We'll begin today with a review of our quarterly results. Then, we'll spend the balance of our time on the strategic rationale and benefits of our plan. So let's get started. In the second quarter, we delivered strong top and bottom line results, continuing our positive momentum through the first half of the year. This sets the stage for strong growth in the second half and positions us well for the next phase of our transformation.  We talked a lot in the first quarter about the challenges facing us due to higher input cost. We said we would manage them, and we have. I'm pleased to say as we exit the first half, with strong results and good momentum, that we're over the hump and we're quite confident about the balance of the year.  Here are 3 reasons why: First, an input cost increase we quickly priced to offset them. Across our categories, we've announced about 85% of the pricing that we currently expect to take. More than 80% of these increases are already reflected on store shelves. In most cases, we took action earlier than others and in certain categories, we priced quite a bit more aggressively than our key competitors. The fact that we responded quickly to these higher than anticipated costs has put us in a much more favorable position in the marketplace.  The second reason I'm confident about the balance of the year is that we're winning with our consumers. We've been able to post solid market shares, while pricing aggressively. This is due to our ongoing investments in innovations and marketing. Revenue gains for innovation are up in each region. We're continuing to improve the quality of our advertising, and we're supporting these efforts by increasing our investments in advertising and consumer marketing support, which are up strongly year-to-date. Of course, as we raise prices, we have experienced some near-term dislocation in certain categories. But overall, we're seeing solid market share performance across our 4 categories in each of our 3 geographic regions. And it's important to note that Private Label's market share is essentially flat in our 4 categories.  What also gives me confidence in our business momentum is that despite the substantial increases in input cost, we're growing profit dollars through a combination of pricing and End-to-End Cost Management.  In fact, despite the loss of the Starbucks CPG business and tough comparisons against peak margins in the second quarter last year, we grew profit dollars year-on-year. Cost savings are enabling us to continue to fund significant increases in A&C. That in turn is fueling our virtuous growth cycle. I'd especially like to highlight the progress we're making in our Global Snack category. Many of you have asked if the Cadbury acquisition is driving the growth we thought it would. The answer is an unqualified yes. Last fall, at our Investor Day, we laid out a long-term growth target of mid- to high-single digits for Global Snacks.  As you can see, the 6% growth we've delivered year-to-date is right in line with that target, and we've only just begun to realize revenue synergies.  Let's look at the key contributors to that growth. Global Biscuits is up 7% on a constant currency basis, led by strong double-digit growth in developing markets.  Let's look at some numbers. Oreo, a $1.5 billion brand has grown 22%. Chips Ahoy!, a brand sold primarily in developed markets is up 18% and Club Social, our leading cracker brand in Latin America, is up 35%.  Our Global Chocolate Category is growing even faster than Biscuits. It's up about 9%, including gains of low to mid-teens in developing markets.  Our $1 billion Cadbury Dairy Milk brand, first introduced in 1905 and now sold in 30 countries around the world, has grown 13%, gives some perspective that's the best growth in many years.  Lacta, a $700 million brand in Latin America is up 18%, and Cadbury Flake, a leading brand in many hot weather markets is up 13%. Even Gum & Candy, which has experienced significant challenges, has grown 2% year-to-date, including a high single-digit gain in developing markets.  As we've said before, the key challenge for Gum & Candy is in developed markets. Revenues are down double digits in North America and are flat in Europe. While we're certainly not satisfied with our Gum results, we expected a slow first half due to 2 factors. First, sluggishness in the instant consumption channel as a result of the challenging macro economy. Specifically the decline in pocket money among teens, our biggest consumer segment. And second, our new products this year were simply not as robust as we had hoped or as strong as last year's innovations. We understand the issues and we're in the process of fixing them with additional innovation and smaller-pack sizes to hit lower price points. We expect to see better results as the year progresses. That said, Gum & Candy remains an attractive category with excellent long-term growth prospects consistent with our Global Snacking goals.  Let me now turn it over to Dave, who will provide more detail on our second quarter results.
David Brearton: Thanks, Irene. In a nutshell, we've seen terrific results on both the top and bottom lines through the first half of the year. We're seeing pick up from our focused investments behind our power brands, big bets on in innovation and improved marketing. As a result, we built good volume mix, share and revenue momentum in the face of aggressive price increases.  In the second quarter, organic revenues were more than 7%, including Power Brand growth of about 9%. Of course, the second quarter benefited from Easter, but looking at the first half, which normalizes for the Easter shift, organic revenue was still up nearly 6% with very solid contribution from vol/mix of 1.3 points. This was despite substantial pricing of 4.6 points.  What can we expect going forward? For the full year, we now believe input cost will be up in the low teens versus last year. That's up from the high single digit increase that we forecast on our call 3 months ago.  As a result, we do anticipate additional pricing actions to offset this higher costs, but as Irene mentioned, we've already announced or implemented about 85% of the pricing actions we expect to take for the year so we're confident in our outlook. Turning to profits. We continue to gain momentum. Pricing and productivity gains essentially offset higher raw material costs on a $1 basis. At the same time, continued improvements in overheads and other cost savings under the strong increase in A&C.  To put it another way, we protected operating profit dollars in the quarter, even though our OI margins declined compared to peak levels a year ago. But this was essentially due to the impact of pricing under denominator of the margin calculation. Despite this, our underlying operating income margin improved sequentially from the first quarter and for the second half, we expect to see increases in year-over-year margins. Turning to EPS. As we outlined in our last earnings call, we expect second quarter operating EPS to be down versus the base of $0.60 last year. We knew we were up against difficult comparisons with peak margins in Q2 2010, as well as the reversal of mark-to-market gains in Q1 this year. But clearly, we did better than our initial expectations.  Mark-to-market gains did reverse and at $0.05, they were a bit more than we expected. As for the upside, partly due from favorable currency and somewhat due to a lower than anticipated tax rate, the rest came from operating gains.  On a year-to-date basis, we're encouraged that we delivered $0.06 of operating gains year-over-year despite the fact that we were up against some very difficult margin comparisons to the prior year. All of our geographies contributed to the strong performance in the quarter. In North America, despite a very difficult operating environment, our virtuous cycle continues to build momentum. Organic revenues were up 4% for the quarter and 3.1% for the first half. As expected, pricing was the key driver. As we said, we priced to offset higher cost earlier than most of our competitors. As a result, all mix declined as we thought from near-term dislocations in certain categories.  Despite the significant pricing, however, we were pleased overall with the limited volume elasticity. It was consistent with our expectations and further evidence of the improved strength of our brand equity. While our Power Brands grew at above the same rate as our broader portfolio, several of our innovations made significant contributions. Our new MiO liquid beverage mix continue to generate revenues well ahead of plan. Oscar Mayer Carving Board cold cuts, Newtons Fruit Thins cookies and Philadelphia Cooking Creme, also performed well.  As a result, through the first half of the year, our market shares in North America remain solid. More than half the business is holding or gaining share on a $1 basis. And we're even more encouraged by the fact that to date, we've announced roughly 85% of the pricing we believe we need to take this year. Almost all of that pricing is already reflected on store shelves.  Now let's take a look at profitability. North America did a good job of pricing to offset higher raw material costs on a $1 basis. The region also continued to benefit from lower overheads. Nevertheless, operating income margins declined for peak levels a year ago due to changes in the U.S. Premium Coffee business and the denominator effect of higher pricing on the margin calculation. Looking ahead, we expect year-on-year margin improvement in the second half. On the other side of the Atlantic, our European team recorded a sixth consecutive quarter of top and bottom line growth. Organic revenues grew 6.4% in the quarter, while in the first half they rose 5.4%.  As expected, pricing drove the majority of this growth, as we successfully implemented actions across all categories. As we look ahead, price increases for the third quarter have been announced in Coffee. With that, we've now announced all the pricing we expect to take in Europe this year and about 80% of our pricing is now reflected at retail. Power Brands rose 8%, including 17% of Oreo fueled by launches in Germany and Austria, leveraging our global play book. Tassimo grew 19% while [indiscernible] Coffee increased 24%.  In addition, Philadelphia continue to grow strongly up 18%. And while retail sales are slowing across the region, we are continuing to drive growth for our brands and for our categories.  On a Pan-European basis, year-to-date, we're increasing share of biscuits and cheese and shares are holding up well in Chocolate, Gum and Coffee.  There's also good news at the profit line. Despite a difficult environment, Europe delivered another strong quarter. On a $1 basis, pricing and productivity offset the significant increase in raw material costs. While the denominator effects of pricing were a significant headwind to margin performance on a percentage basis, our continued focus on lowering overhead enabled us to post a modest increase in OI margins. Turning to Developing Markets. We generated double-digit growth and a good balance of all mix and pricing. Organic revenues grew 13.5% for the quarter and in the first half, revenues were up 11.6%.  Power Brands rose 20% in the quarter led by 62% growth of Oreo. [indiscernible] Club Social crackers grew more than 40%. Lacta Chocolate was up 23% and Halls rose 16%.  Within this segment, Asia-Pacific and Latin America continue to grow double-digits. And CEEMA was up nearly 10% as economic conditions begin to recover in many parts of the region. Operating income margin in the quarter rose to 14.2%, driven by overhead leverage and vol/mix gains. OI margins increased even as we continued to invest in our brands, including a strong double-digit increase in A&C.  So what does this mean for the full year? Based on our solid results through the first half, and our outlook for the balance of the year, we're raising our full year 2011 guidance. On the top line, we've increased our organic net revenue guidance to at least 5% from at least 4% previously. This is mainly due to the impact of additional pricing. On the bottom line, we're raising our operating EPS guidance to at least $2.25 from at least $2.20 previously. Our guidance reflects process optimism for the balance of the year. Through the first half, we delivered strong operating gains and currency has been favorable. As a result, we're dropping the year-to-date currency benefits to the bottom line. We remain cautious with the number of uncertainties in the environment, but our End-to-End Cost Management initiatives and strong revenue growth give us confidence that we will continue to deliver high quality, sustainable growth for the balance of the year. As our performance over the past several quarters has demonstrated, our virtuous cycle is working well around the world. A key focus on Power Brands, categories and markets is driving top-tier growth in each region. We're successfully managing unprecedented input cost through renewed pricing power and improving productivity. And our End-to-End Cost Management has generated the savings necessary to expand profits and reinvest in further brand building and innovation. As a result, Kraft Foods is now positioned to deliver reliable, top-tier growth on both the top and bottom line.  Now I'll turn the call back to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Dave. As you can see, our year-to-date results are strong. Our operating momentum continues to improve and we're confident in our outlook for the balance of the year. Clearly, our strategy is working. And it would be easy to leave it at that, but we believe there is a significant next step that we can now take that will put our business on an even higher trajectory.  Over the past 4 years, we reinvigorated our iconic brands around the world, and we've successfully transformed our portfolio. We built a Global Snacks powerhouse and we've strengthened our presence in fast-growing developing markets through several strategic acquisitions, including New Biscuits and Cadbury.  In addition, we divested certain slower growth, slower margin businesses. The combination of these actions has fundamentally changed the face and the footprint of our company.  As we look to take our performance to the next level, we recognize that there are very different opportunities to enhance shareholder value between our Global Snacks business and the balance of the portfolio in North America.  Outside of North America, there's no question that our strong Snacking portfolio is well positioned to grow. We see tremendous opportunities ahead as we continue to leverage our global product platforms, our scale in Developing Markets and our route to market capabilities. We also have ample opportunities to grow in whitespace markets and in instant consumption channels.  With the addition of the Cadbury business, the North American Snacks portfolio now has the opportunity to pursue many of the same growth drivers and to become a truly ubiquitous snacking powerhouse.  Specifically, we'll leverage our global innovation platforms in Biscuits, Chocolate, Gum and Candy, and we'll also deliver significant growth from investments in direct-store-delivery and in instant consumption channels. Now that we've rejuvenated the grocery brands within our North American portfolio, it can fulfill its promise of becoming a lean, mean center-of-the-store machine. It will leverage its category leading market position and continue to deploy its capabilities in innovation and marketing, while focusing on warehouse sales and distribution efficiency, but it will require very different investments and resource allocation.  Simply put, we've now reached a stage in our development where the global Snacks and Grocery businesses in North America would each benefit from standing on their own, and focusing on their unique drivers of success.  Today's announcement to create 2 independent companies will enable us to do just that. So how will it work? The Global Snacks business will consist of the current Kraft Foods Europe and Kraft Foods Developing Market Units, as well as the North American Snacks and Confectionery brands. As an independent company, it will have estimated revenues of approximately $32 billion and a strong growth profile in the top tier of its global peer group.  Approximately 3/4 quarters of revenues will be from Snacks and more than 40% will come from a diversified footprint in highly attractive developing markets. The business will also have a strong presence in fast-growing and high-margin instant consumption channels. The non-snacks portion of the portfolio will consist primarily of powdered beverages and coffee, which have strong growth in margin profile in developing markets in Europe.  Key brands will include Oreo and LU Biscuits. Cadbury and Milka chocolates, Trident Gum, Jacobs Coffee and Tang Powdered Beverages.  Strategically, Global Snacks will focus on industry-leading growth by extending its global product platforms, leveraging the significant scale in developing markets, expanding in instant consumption channels and aggressively entering whitespace markets.  Global Snacks will leverage its cost structure through volume growth and improved product mix with disciplined investments in sales, distribution and manufacturing. So what about the North America Grocery business? It will consist of a current U.S. Beverages, Cheese, Convenient Meals and Grocery segments, plus the non-Snack categories in Canada and Foodservice.  With approximately $16 billion in revenue, this business will continue to be one of the largest and most admired food companies in North America. Its portfolio will include many of the most popular brands on the continent, with the #1 branded position in 12 of its top 15 categories.  Just look at these key brands. Kraft Macaroni & Cheese, Oscar Mayer meats, Philadelphia Cream Cheese, Maxwell House Coffee, Capri Sun Beverages, Jell-O desserts and Miracle Whip salad dressing.  And as an independent company, the North America Grocery business will continue to leverage great marketing, innovation and leading market shares to deliver reliable revenue growth in line with its categories. This company will concentrate on capital efficiency by focusing on 3 things: Low cost, enhancing margins and delivering reliable cash flow. It will use a variety of tools, including optimizing trade spending, Lean Six Sigma manufacturing and negative overhead growth. Its primary use of free cash flow will be to provide a highly competitive dividend payout. When managed in line with these objectives, we believe each of these portfolios will provide unique investment opportunities and attractive returns.  Creating 2 independent companies offers a number of benefits. Each business would focus on its distinct strategic priorities with financial targets that best fit its own markets and unique opportunities. Each would be able to allocate resources and deploy capital in a manner consistent with its strategic priorities in order to optimize total returns to shareholders. And investors would be able to value the 2 companies based on their respective operational and financial characteristics, such as growth and yields and thus, to invest accordingly.  We've successfully built 2 strong portfolios. As a result, we are now in a position to see the opportunity to create 2 great companies. Each will have the leadership, resources and mandate to realize its full potential. I believe this is the best way to stage our businesses for long-term success, the best way for shareholders to value each business and the best way to ensure a bright future for our people around the world.  So to summarize today's news. We reported terrific results for the second quarter, continuing our strong business momentum. We're raising our outlook for the year and remain confident that we will deliver top tier performance for the full year.  Our virtuous cycle is working well in every region around the globe, so we're in a strong position to take the next logical step in our evolution, the creation of 2 highly attractive independent public companies designed to increase shareholder value. I'm sure you'll have many questions and as you can understand, we won't have all the answers today, but, of course, we'll provide further updates as appropriate in the coming months.  Operator, let's now open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: The first question would be, it's always interesting to get a sense of sort of, why now. You're still obviously in the somewhat the integration phase obviously of getting Cadbury to be where you want it to be. You've got a lot of the cost synergies flowing through. Was it more a matter of do you think there's a way to just accelerate sort of whether it be the growth on the growth of your side of the assets and get more aggressively after the cost side for margin gains on the more cash generative North America Grocery business? Or was there something you saw into developing in the core business that made now the right time?
Irene Rosenfeld: Actually, Andrew, when you think about why now, this is going to take us about 12 months to implement, and so as we think about the Cadbury integration, it's well underway. Our International businesses are relatively untouched by this announcement and so they will continue to focus on delivering their results and completing the integration. And as we made, once we made this decision, every decision that we make going forward has some implications for the future state. And so it just made the most sense to just make it public and to begin to implement some of those actions as we move forward here. So it will take some time to actually separate the 2 businesses, but in the meantime, we can have our International businesses focus on completing the Cadbury integration, the bulk of the separation activity, of course, impacts our North American business and we can begin to make the decisions that are consistent with their future role and the future metrics that will be used to evaluate that business.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: And then to help investors start to get a better sense of how to evaluate these 2 sort of companies on their own, I realize a lot more information is still yet to come, but perhaps you can lay out just even with in initial way, the type of growth profile you see for each of these businesses, both sort of top line and bottom line, just to get a sense of the type of targets you think about when you look at these individual assets.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I think it's premature to talk about specific targets, Andrew. Obviously, we see them having different growth profiles. We're not in a position today to begin to issue guidance for 2012, but our long term growth rates and expectations have not changed. What we do expect is that as a consequence of the very different mandates and portfolios of these 2 businesses that we would see some different pro -- we would see some different profiles.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just 2 questions. One is, I guess it's a follow up to Andrew's line of questioning in terms of why now. Just how much of the changes in the industry, there's been a profound set of changes affecting the food industry especially in North America over the last few years. So how much is the change and the pressures on the industry, maybe affected the long-term outlook for Kraft and just your outlook for the industry and if that had at all influenced your decision to do the split now? And then second, the announcement this morning that Tim McLevish has decided to stay, or you've asked him to stay, and just what his role is going to be in the transition.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, so let me talk first about the long-term outlook. As I just mentioned, we see no change in the long-term outlook, our growth target of 5 plus organic revenue growth 9% to 11% EPS. We feel quite confident. In fact, given the updated guidance today, we feel quite comfortable that we will meet or exceed those targets in 2011. But the reality is as we look at the economic developments around the world, we would expect that there is likely to be some rebalancing in the profiles of the different regions. But as a consequence of being more targeted and more focused in defining the mandates of these 2 different businesses, we would expect better bottom line performance. So net-net, the long-term growth rate target in aggregates will not change. We would expect to see underneath that some rebalancing. But as I said to Andrew, we're not in a position today to begin to give guidance for 2012 and beyond. In answer to the question about Tim, I'm quite thrilled that Tim has agreed to postpone his departure from Kraft. He will actually lead the steering team that will oversee the creation of this 2 world-class companies, and we're delighted to have somebody with his background, his knowledge of Kraft and of the financial market to really bring some objective and transformational thinking to the creation of these 2 companies. Tim will be in the role until both companies are launched.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I wanted to ask in relation to the year, full year EPS guidance. You have pushed back the launch of Gevalia a little bit now. I think it was at least incorporated in your thinking about the drag from the -- the total Starbucks affect on your business. I just want to get a sense of kind of where that stands today. And then also, from just reading the press release, it looks like you have FX built-in from the first half of the year. But I do forecast some strong FX contribution in the second half of the year. Is that embedded in your guidance as well? I guess what I'm trying to understand, Irene, is -- I know you want to continue to reinvest back in the business as well, so how are you -- are you increasing investments, if you will, along with the strong underlying earnings growth performance?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, we will continue to reinvest as appropriate. We have set very aggressive targets for our A&C. And as you've seen year-to-date, we're up quite strongly and we will be for the balance of the year. So you will see us continue to invest in the franchises -- in our franchises around the world. We feel terrific about the momentum behind our Gevalia launch. In fact, it's been stronger than we expected. And so we chose -- and to avoid disappointing our consumers, we chose to delay that launch until January 2012. But we are still quite excited about that opportunity, and we believe it will be a very strong brand for us as a complement within our North American coffee portfolio.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Was that a meaningful component of the $0.05 to $0.07 EPS adjustment that you had called out for the total coffee business this year?
Irene Rosenfeld: Actually, it was not. We were expecting to invest behind it. So it was -- the dilution was primarily coming from the absence of the premium coffee of Starbucks in that equation, not from -- so much from the launch of Gevalia.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And my final question is just in relation to what looks to be another round of pricing. I guess, you have won in Europe and you're done for the year, a little bit more on North America. Just a question for you, and I think you've kind of alluded to, at least in part of your comments about the elasticity. And I guess, I'm trying to understand if you see another further pickup in elasticity, if you will, in this next round of pricing, given the sequential price increases we've seen this year?
David Brearton: Yes. Chris, it's Dave. I mean, about 80% of the pricing has actually hit the shelf, so not all of it is in there. Not all of it has been there for a while, so it could still be a consumer reaction against the elasticity. And that's why we said at one point that we remain a bit cautious on the vol/mix, but we're pretty confident that we've got really good levers, whether that's in the End-to-End Cost Management, on our overhead program to manage through that and deliver the EPS on the year. I think, the key metric that we're going to keep tracking is market shares. The elasticity has been in line with our expectation. But importantly, our market shares are holding up well. And I think that's kind of the key metric we're looking at on the top line. We'll obviously have to keep on top of it, but it's pretty much so far, so good, I would say.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Can I ask about how you are saving the revenue synergies? I think last quarter, you talked about how Oreo and Tang have been launched into India. You've more than doubled the number of outlook for the Kraft-based products in Mexico and Brazil. Could you just give us a little bit more color about how you're thinking about how this will roll out, which brands, which countries, and how it's going to be phased over the next few years?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, we are still confident in approximately billion dollars of revenue synergy estimates that we have laid out. If you recall, we had built in about 50 basis points of growth in our 2011 guidance due to revenue synergies. And as I mentioned in my earlier remarks, most of that hasn't really played through on our numbers, which is why we feel particularly encouraged about our results to date. We should see another 50 to 100 basis points as we look into next year and beyond, as we begin to capitalize either on putting legacy products through the route to market or entering white space market. It's about -- it's a combination of those 2 actions.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Great. And just a quick follow-up. The cost inflation this quarter, I think last quarter, it was around 7% to 8%, and that was your guidance for the year. Has it jumped up a little bit this quarter, or how is that playing out?
David Brearton: Yes, it's -- we said high single digits last quarter. We're saying low teens this quarter, and the difference really is coffee and dairy prices, so yes, they've gone up in the last 3 months. We're putting pricing in place, so we're feeling pretty good about it. But the total impact on our input cost has gone up since the last time we talked.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: It's -- my understanding from another spin transaction, Ralcorp is doing some -- doing a spin itself that each part of the Newco -- of the new Kraft would be acquirable in stock even before the spin was consummated. And then post spin, again in your timetable presumably in 2013, the parts would be acquirable for cash as well. Is that your understanding with the help of your advisers, is that your understanding?
Irene Rosenfeld: I'm not quite sure what sort of a structure you're describing. What I will tell you is we feel very good about the opportunities to create these 2 terrific companies, and so that's our focus.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: So there is -- you don't have an opinion about the tax -- the taxable nature of would-be acquisitions of the Spinco for instance, if someone were to approach you after this was announced, they couldn't buy it for stock near term or buy it for cash in 2013 without a tax event, you just -- no opinion on that?
David Brearton: Yes. We prefer not to comment on M&A generally. The spin we're proposing here is a tax-free spin and that's really what we're concentrating on for the next 12 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dave Driscoll of Kraft Foods.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: I don't work for Kraft Foods, I work for Citigroup but I appreciate the thoughts. Irene, I just wanted to ask. First question was, was with this the plan all along once you were able to acquire Cadbury? I mean, was this kind of in the back of your mind from that date?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, we were evaluating this for quite some time, David. Obviously, a transaction of this magnitude cannot be pulled off overnight. So as we acquired LU, as we acquired Cadbury, and we began to put the businesses together, and we continued to look at our strategic plan for this combined company, it was clear that we had very different businesses in the portfolio. And we believe that there could be great value created by unlocking those 2 businesses and allowing them to be free to pursue their own unique strategic priorities.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Can you comment on Wall-to-Wall? And what I want to get at here is, I was always under the impression that the theory on Wall-to-Wall was that Kraft in this combined form had a tremendous ability to create a sales force that had no peer in the United States with this Wall-to-Wall theory. When you disaggregate the entities, number one, it sounds like Wall-to-Wall would have to be dismantled, and then number two, does it really say something about the effectiveness of Wall-to-Wall?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, the reality is -- one of the benefits of Wall-to-Wall was the opportunity to leverage scale across the portfolio, and there's no question that played out quite well for us. And as you remember, it was generating some revenue growth in excess of one point versus the control stores, but it did come with some complexity. And as we continue to revisit our sales structure, looking at the balance of effectiveness as well as efficiency, we came to believe that grocery -- there is still enormous benefit across the grocery portfolio to leverage the various types of the portfolio in events like Meal Solutions or Huddle for Hunger, those kinds of programs. But the focus of our grocery business needs to be on a low-cost warehouse selling system for center of the store products. It's very much focused on shelf management as distinct from a DSD system, which is highly focused on front of the store, impulse merchandising and immediate consumption channels. And so the differences of those businesses, we believe, allows us to create 2 various effective selling capabilities that will optimize the performance of both parts.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: If I could sneak in one last question on the revenue synergies. You were commenting on revenue synergies for biscuits going into other countries. I also thought that after the Cadbury deal was done, there were some idea that maybe powdered beverages could also be layered upon those international operations. Does the revenue synergy thesis fundamentally change with the disaggregation of the company and is now the revenue synergy some lower number? Well, I know you probably don't have the number, but I would suspect it's lower.
Irene Rosenfeld: Not at all. I mean, in fact, one of the reasons why we believe strongly that Tang is an important part of the global snacking business is because of its opportunity and its strong presence, its growth potential, as well as its profit contribution in our developing markets. So we named a very important part of the equation. As you are aware, we have launched Tang in India on top of the chocolate distribution system. And you will see us continue to make those moves as we leverage our strong route to market capabilities around the world, but particularly in developing markets.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: I didn't understand that Tang was going with that piece side, I do now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess, maybe going back to the first question. I'm not exactly clear, Irene, why this is occurring. I mean, if the pieces aren't going to grow at a faster rate because they are more focused or because, I don't know, the tax rate efficiencies are greater with the global confection business, I mean, why do it? I mean, you know, I've been questioning your -- the growth rates for a long time when after you took over from Roger, you raised the growth targets, then we made the big Cadbury acquisition. So I guess, I'm not exactly clear as to why we should view this positively unless you think it's going to increase the growth targets or increase the amount of cash that can be brought back to investors, and then I'll have a follow-up.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, so I think for starters, Eric, we do expect that there will be the opportunity for GroceryCo to return more cash to investors, and for SnackCo to better capitalize on its growth by having a much more focused approach to managing those businesses. The rationale for separating these 2 businesses really comes from 2 places. Primarily, it's about operational benefits. Strategically, as we think about the very significant difference in the strategic priority, the focus of the grocery business on low-cost efficiency, particularly within a warehouse distribution system versus the profile of the global snack business, which is about high growth and essentially the leverage that comes from volume and mix growth, if you think about resource allocation, rather than having these 2 entities competing for an incremental dollar investment, we now have the opportunity to be able to use $1 within each of those companies to better achieve their objectives. I think from our customers' standpoint, they have very different go-to-market strategies, as I described a few minutes ago. The difference between a much more stable off-the-shelf management kind of approach to our grocery businesses as distinct from top zone, end-aisle merchandising, impulse purchasing of our snacking businesses, I think for investors, I think better understanding the growth drivers and the priorities for the use of cash, I think we have never been able to get credit for the tremendous snacking portfolio that we have within the company. I think the opportunity as we separate these 2 businesses for that to be much more visible and for investors to see the incredible profile that our global snack business has in aggregate and certainly relative to peers, I think, will serve as well. So ultimately, I believe the separation from an operational standpoint allows us to perform better. And then of course, there are clearly some financial benefits that we believe will come just as a consequence of the better clarity in the investment thesis between the 2 entities.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then as a follow-up, you have $27 billion of net debt today, that really hasn't changed much. I think, you've been kind of a bit below your targets, although I suppose working capital because of all the inflation is something that's affecting everybody. But how will the debt be allocated between the 2 entities? Because obviously, given how much leverage there is, that could have a pretty big impact on the equity value of either piece?
David Brearton: Yes. You're about right on the debt, and it has not come down from prior years, that's basically because we always have a back-half loaded cash flow. Our cash flow this year is actually pretty much in line with where it was last year, if you adjust for the pension contribution we did in the first quarter. So we'll see that debt come down in line with our deleveraging commitments in the back half. As it relates to the 2 companies, it's too early to speculate on exactly how much debt goes into each business. But I can confirm that both businesses will be investment grade, and both businesses will have access to CP markets, so we're going to make sure that the debt is balanced with a cash capability each of those companies bring.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I mean, can I just sneak in one more? Does this mean that the Kraft brand is going to be split in terms of like cheese or -- and Tassimo? Is that being contemplated? Or would like -- is there some possibility that the North American grocery business would own like cheese in Europe?
Irene Rosenfeld: No. For the most part, the Kraft brand will go with the North American grocery business. But there will be a couple of trademarks like Tassimo, like Philadelphia for example, that will be shared. And obviously, we'll work out the details of that as we move forward. But for the most part, we detailed the brands within each portfolio. It's a pretty clean separation.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. Then sorry, just last thing. Does the timeline -- are we going to -- how do you see these updates in terms of when we'll know about the allocation of debt, when we'll hear from the IRS as to whether this is a tax-free spin-approved transaction? Can you just kind of give us a better timeline as to how we should think about this?
David Brearton: Yes, I think you'll see more -- sort of I'd say, we'll continue to update you as we go through the end of this year. But I think the IRS ruling probably won't be until some time early next year. I think we'll probably close out the books on the current structure. We'll probably give guidance on the current structure next year. But we'll start to give you much better visibility in to what these 2 companies will look like as we go through the year next year. As we get more clarity whether it's on the financial splits or the capital structure, et cetera, we will clearly share that with you. I know there will be a lot of interest in that, but I think you should be thinking in those kind of broad time frame.
Irene Rosenfeld: But our best guess, as we said, Eric, is this will take about 12 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney of Janney Capital Markets.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Irene, just one follow-up. You just mentioned on Eric's question that you didn't think you're getting credit as far as -- for some other growth. And I guess, one of the aspects of the market right now seems to me that some of the faster growing assets are trading sort of multiple lines right on top of the some slower growing assets. So if you could maybe give me some sense what you and your advisers think the comparable group for the snack company -- the presumably faster growth business, that includes Cadbury, would be as contrasted with what the comparable group for the grocery company would be. Because by my math, they're always in about 1.5 or 2 turns of EBITDA, and that really didn't get you too far as realizing value. So any help you can give me around that, I'd appreciate it.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, let me start with the fact, it is a fact that the group trades in a fairly narrow range, so your observation is correct. But I do think that the facts are if you look at the specific companies, what you do see is that the global higher growth companies are trading in the upper teens, and many of the North American peers are tend to be trading in the lower teens, and so you do see a differentiation. But as we said, that is not the major motivation here. The big idea for us is to recognize that these are 2 very different portfolios that we believe can benefit with a focused mandate, and that will then drive resource allocation, capital allocation and ultimately, the metrics by which we would encourage investors to evaluate these 2 companies.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Mushkin of Jefferies.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Not to beat a dead horse but, Irene, you said obviously, I pretty much understand the business rationale here, and I think it makes sense, that's my 2 cents. But it seems to me when you go to the board and you do something like this, you also have to say, hey, what's in it for shareholders, maybe even immediately -- that the valuations aren't where you are. So when you go to the board and get approval, which I don't think you have yet, are you going to give them any sense on what you think the assets are discounted because there may be some valuation gaps that you think exist in the business? Or is that not part of this process?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, first of all, of course, we do have board approval, or we would not have announced this today. So we have had a very significant review of this strategy over the course of many years with our board. And the factors by which the board made the decision are pretty much the factors that we're sharing with you today. The reality that as we have taken a number of steps over the last couple of years to restore the health of our brands around the world, to transform the portfolio in our developing markets and Immediate Consumption Channel, we are now ready to take this next step, and it's on that basis that we made the decision.
David Brearton: Yes. This is Dave. We clearly have board approval for the announcement of our intent to create the 2 companies. We will need to have separate approval once we have the IRS ruling and we have worked out all the details again, so it's kind of an approval of 2 steps.
Irene Rosenfeld: But I would say that we certainly believe that the results that we have delivered to date and the significant opportunities that we believe can be created by separating these 2 businesses should create -- should merit a premium multiple from where we stand today.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I mean, that seems to me as I did the quick math, I mean, it seems like you separate these guys apart, but that there was an inherent discount involved in the current valuation. But it seems like maybe that wasn't a massive or big part of your thought process, and I was actually a little surprised by that. I mean, I completely understand the business aspect, but there also seems to be a financial aspect that's pretty compelling as well.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. We agree.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. Then the second thing is -- and thanks for the clarification on the board stuff, I guess, I must have misread it a little bit, but I think I get it now. The second thing would be, I know last quarter, you gave us -- I think it was last quarter or the quarter before, some initial kind of things that we're going on in India and how Oreo was doing there. I was wondering if you could give us kind of a detailed update on something like that? And I'd love to have a follow-up on India and how some of the synergies -- these revenue synergies in particular are working and where we are maybe on the revenue synergies that you promised where we are there, that would be great.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, our Indian business continues to be on fire. In fact, it was up 46% in the quarter, so we feel terrific about that, and actually the key driver underneath that is Cadbury dairy milk, which grew over 60%, I think, in the first half. So we feel terrific about the progress within India. It's a critical growth market. It was one of the most -- one of the important aspects of the revenue synergies, as we described when we made the Cadbury acquisition. But we feel terrific about the overall performance of all of our developing markets. As I talked about each of our global categories, within each of those, we feel very good about the aggregate performance. But within each of those categories, the performance within developing markets is just standout, and most of it is really about investment in our core franchises. And that's really what's driving the growth and gives us great confidence, that going forward we will continue to see benefit.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And I just wanted one clarification to the last question I had. When you went to the board to get the approval that you got, did you have to give them financial thoughts too as well what the discount was, or was that part of the process? Just so I'm clear on that. I mean, really maybe...
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I think you can understand it was a very thorough review that predicated on how we believe these 2 businesses could operate differently under the separation scenario. And as we said, we believe that we can create great value for our shareholders as a consequence of having a much more focused mandate and the ability to allocate our resources and our capital much more effectively.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: You want to give us the discount you thought the assets were traded at?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I think, you can actually look at the market multiples and might be able to estimate that yourself.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Yes, we are going to do that. I just thought to give it a shot. Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Aaron of RBC Capital.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I see you've laid out some of your other benefits from the spinoff. But I was hoping you could maybe address any of the synergies that you might end up seeing in terms of purchasing or corporate overhead and so forth?
David Brearton: Yes. I think we've obviously been through that and looked at it. We don't see huge synergies. I mean, both of these companies are enormous $32 billion and $16 billion each, and they still got a fair bit of procurement scale. They didn't share a lot of backroom, and that's why we were able to make this decision. It wasn't a huge amount of backroom, sharing beyond sort of finance systems type of things. But they had a different route to market, which is the biggest piece of the cost. So yes, there will be the synergies. We also think there'll be some operational benefits coming out of separating these 2 and having them focus on their specific routes to market and their specific business fundamentals. We think those benefits will actually offset with the synergies. So on balance, we're looking at this as a net positive. But yes, there clearly will be some of the synergies in some areas of the P&L.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay, and would it be fair to kind of allocate, like the depreciation and the corporate overhead roughly, proportionately to the size of these 2 businesses from a revenue perspective?
David Brearton: I think it's a bit early to get into it, but I would say snacks growing at a higher pace, so you can assume it'll have a higher capital requirement in terms of CapEx expenditures, and grocery at a lower pace, will have lower CapEx expenditures, but we can't really get into details at this stage.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. And then just one more follow-up. On the North American snacks businesses, there kind of been a relative laggard in your portfolio recently. And I guess, there's a bit of an issue around gum there. But can you just maybe address that at a high level and talk about how much the recent performance of that business might be kind of factoring into some structural changes that you see where you might pick up some benefits with this new structure?
David Brearton: Well, I think, the U.S. snacks business this quarter was actually mostly a gum story. I mean, biscuits had a terrific quarter. It was up about 3%. Its top 5 brands were up about 6%. We've sort of gotten A&C investment back on track, and we've got some good innovation. So biscuits did well. Nuts was up about 6% with a nutrition platform. Candy was up about 9%. So the U.S. snacks business this quarter is really a gum story. And as Irene mentioned earlier, gum in the U.S. is down about double digits. We have some plans in place to get that back on track, and we expect a significant rebound in the back half. But that's really about the story this quarter. Ongoing, clearly, the idea that we can focus the U.S. snacks business on a DSD route to market, the impulse channel, the hot zone and leave the grocery business to be the center of the store machine, that is something that we would expect to have operational benefits going forward, but that's not in and of itself a reason to drive this bigger transaction. That is one of the benefits we would expect though.
Operator: Your final question comes from Diane Geissler of CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Can you just talk about -- it's a very long period of time between the announcement and when you expect to complete the transactions, what you'll be doing in the interim to maintain talent, keep people at the organization who you want to keep at the organization who might be feeling like they're being spun off?
Irene Rosenfeld: I start with the fact that we think this is an exciting opportunity for employees around the world. And a lot of what we're going to be doing in the coming weeks is helping our employees to understand the opportunity that is available to them as a consequence of creating these 2 great companies. But we have a lot of work to do in the coming months. But our most important focus is to ensure that we will remain one company until we spin. And so it is critically important that we keep our employees focused on delivering on our results in 2011 and then into 2012. But obviously, ensuring that they understand the rationale and they see the opportunities that are available to them as a consequence of the separation will be a key part of our communication strategy to them.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And what should we be thinking about in terms of you communicating who will be running the new company, the spun company?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, obviously, we have a number of decisions to make in the coming months. But we've got an incredibly talented management team around the world, and they're the ones who got us to where we are today. And so we have a very rich bench from which to populate these 2 companies, and we will keep you posted as we move forward here.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I'll now turn the call back to Mr. Jakubik for closing remarks.
Christopher Jakubik: Thank you very much, and thanks, everyone, for joining us a bit earlier than anticipated this morning. For those of you who have additional questions, Mike Mitchell will be available to take media calls, and Dexter Congbalay and myself will be around for any of the questions from any of the analysts. So thanks very much for joining us, and we'll speak to you soon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Christopher Jakubik -  David Brearton - Executive Vice President of Operations Timothy McLevish - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Kraft Foods First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about 1 hour including remarks by Kraft management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Chris Jakubik, Vice President, Investor Relations for Kraft. Please go ahead, sir.
Christopher Jakubik: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; Tim McLevish, our Chief Financial Officer; And David Brearton, who will succeed Tim as CFO beginning next week.  Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release. The release, along with today's slides, are available on our website, kraftfoodscompany.com. As you know, during this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures, and you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. Let me now turn it over to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon. I'm very pleased that we got off to a strong start in 2011. On the top line, organic revenues grew more than 4.5% despite the Easter shift into the second quarter. And on the bottom line, our operating EPS increased more than 6% despite a number of headwinds. These included the continuing rise in commodity cost, the Easter shift and the additional interest in higher share count from financing the Cadbury deal. These headline numbers are very encouraging, and as we look to the balance of the year, there are 3 reasons that give me great confidence that we're on track to deliver top tier results. First, it's clear that our continuing investments in marketing and innovation are delivering good returns. Around the world, higher levels of brand support are enabling us to take pricing to offset rising input costs. In the face of these price increases, I'm especially pleased that our strong brand equities have enabled us to maintain solid market shares.  Second, the end-to-end cost management initiatives that Dave Brearton laid out at CAGNY are driving significant improvements in productivity and overheads. Underlying operating income margin rose by 60 basis points, reaching 13.9%. Margins improved despite the fact that our commodity costs were up about 7% to 8% over last year. In addition, we increased our investments in advertising and consumer support by more than 14% on a like-for-like basis.  Third, we're seeing early benefits from executing as 1 company, following last year's Cadbury acquisition. This is most pronounced in our Developing Markets. Sanjay Khosla put it well when we reviewed his first quarter results last week. He said, "We saw the power of the $50 billion gorilla at work." Indeed, we saw it play out in our ability to deliver our results in the wake of the tragedy in Japan. Despite numerous obstacles, we leveraged our diverse supply chain to get our products to market. As a result, our sales in Japan were up 11% in the first quarter. And in India, our recent launch of Oreo provides a great example of what we can now accomplish by leveraging our extensive sales footprint. In March, we launched the world's favorite cookie through our chocolate sales network, and I can tell you Oreo is off to a very good start. In less than a month, we've reached more than 300,000 sales outlets across the country. In fact, Oreo's performance is on fire across our entire Developing Markets region. In the first quarter, sales of Oreo were up 56% versus prior year. This year, we expect Oreo to be a $700 million business in Developing Markets alone. That's up from about $175 million in 2006, more than a threefold increase.  Now let me turn it over to Tim to provide more detail on our first quarter results.
Timothy McLevish: Thanks, Irene, and good afternoon. Overall, we were quite encouraged by our first quarter performance. Actually, it was even stronger than we had anticipated. As Irene noted, our continued investments in marketing and innovation are strengthening our brands. This has enabled us to take necessary pricing actions to help offset higher input costs in all of our geographies. As a result, we delivered strong top line growth of 4.6% in the quarter. Our Power brands led the way, up 7%.  We also delivered positive vol/mix despite higher pricing. This is proof of the power of our portfolio. In fact, vol/mix was positive even with the Easter shift, which tempered growth by about 1.5 points in the quarter. We're also pleased that vol/mix held up so well even though many of our competitors have not raised prices. Please note that we've simplified our definition of organic revenue growth to exclude Starbucks, as well as the favorable impact of accounting calendar changes. We've done this to provide a clean comparison on a like-for-like basis. Turning to margins, we continue to make progress. Our underlying operating income margin increased 60 basis points to 13.9%. Our pricing actions are catching up to higher input costs. And end-to-end cost management is making important contributions in procurement, in customer service and logistics and in manufacturing with Lean Six Sigma. These cost savings in turn funded a significant increase in A&C. This is our virtuous cycle in action, driving top-tier revenue growth through investments in marketing and innovation, while end-to-end cost management expands margins and generate savings to reinvest for future growth. Turning to EPS, as we outlined in February, we thought operating EPS would be down a few pennies from last year, but actually EPS grew from $0.49 to $0.52. This was driven by stronger operating earnings and from the timing of mark-to-market gains.  Let me walk you through the specifics. Gains from operations added $0.03, while the impact of an extra month of profits from Cadbury added $0.04. The year over change in mark-to-market of our commodity hedge positions added $0.04. But that favorability will reverse in coming quarters. And finally, interest expense and the impact of more shares outstanding were $0.07 higher due to the Cadbury acquisition. Bottom line, we've posted a solid increase in operating EPS, and we did so in a high quality manner. This is despite the Easter shift and the negative $0.02 to $0.03 impact from Cadbury.  All the regions contributed to the strong performance in the quarter. Here is the breakdown: North America's first quarter showed the virtuous cycle is taking hold. Organic net revenues were up 2.2%. As expected, pricing was the key driver, representing 3.3 percentage points of the growth. What's more, we priced earlier than many of our competitors. But despite this, vol/mix declined only modestly. In fact, absent of 1.5 point impact from the Easter shift, vol/mix would've been positive.  As Tony Vernon outlined in CAGNY, we're continuing to invest behind our Power brands and new products in North America, and they're responding well. Power brands were up nearly 4% led by double-digit growth with Chips Ahoy!, Kraft Macaroni and Cheese and Halls. Several of our innovations also contributed. Our new MiO liquid beverages mix and Oscar Mayer Carving Board cold cuts are trending well in terms of consumption, velocity and consumer feedback.  As Irene mentioned earlier, we're encouraged by our brands' ability to maintain market share in an inflationary environment. Early results indicate that our prior estimates around price elasticity of demand might have been a bit conservative. Nevertheless, we remain cautious. That's because the impact of our pricing is not likely to be fully reflected on store shelves until mid-year. Now let's take a look at profitability. Operating income margins have increased slightly in a difficult environment. As we said last quarter, in the face of substantial input cost inflation, we've implemented a series of price increases across our North American portfolio. Today, pricing is catching up to higher input costs, and so further actions are likely in a number of categories. But we're confident that the combination of pricing, productivity and overhead savings will enable us to increase A&C and deliver solid margin performance for the full year. Our European business remains on solid footing. In fact, Mike Clarke and his team posted their fifth consecutive quarter of both top and bottom line growth. That's despite sharp increases in commodities and a still fragile economy, most notably in Southern Europe.  Organic revenues were 4.4% in the quarter, led by more than 6% growth in our Power brands. Growth was balanced, with nearly equal contributions from pricing and vol/mix. We're encouraged that our marketing and innovation investments are paying off here as well. With stronger brand equities than just a few years ago, we're now pricing to offset higher input costs. And despite these increases, our market share remains solid across the region.  We've implemented a first round of pricing. Out of our current cost levels, further pricing may be necessary later in the year. I would also point out that Europe's solid vol/mix performance came despite the Easter shift, which negatively affected it by about 2.5 percentage points; the bulk of that was in chocolate. Top line growth was broad-based, with Coffee, Biscuits and Cheese leading the way. Coffee was up double digits, with pricing as the key factor. But we also realized significant gains in vol/mix driven by Tassimo growth of almost 30%. In addition, our new Kenco Millicano is off to a strong start in the U.K. Consumer feedback to this whole bean instant coffee has been very good. We expect more than 75% distribution by the end of the second quarter as we step up our marketing support.  Biscuits in single digits behind our focus on growth platforms like Chocobakery. Milka Biscuits continue to perform well in Germany as did Cote d'Or in France and Benelux. We also realized robust double-digit growth in whitespace markets, with Oreo launches in France and Germany, and the Velveeta Breakfast Biscuits in the U.K. This helped drive overall Oreo growth of nearly 40%, while Velveeta nearly doubled.  Our Cheese business delivered solid growth as well. Philadelphia grew double digits behind the versatility strategy to encourage it as a cooking ingredient. This has been so successful that we've now imported it to the U.S. as well. In addition, the launch in Germany of Philadelphia with Milka, a lower fat alternative to Nutella, exceeded our expectations. In fact, we reached our full year target in the first quarter.  Operating income margins in Europe rose 30 basis points to 11.9%. Lower overheads drove the margin expansion. As I mentioned earlier, input costs have increased significantly. Our European business is pricing accordingly, but hasn't yet caught up. As we look at the balance of the year, we're confident that the combination of pricing, productivity and overhead savings will deliver another year of strong profit performance. In Developing Markets, solid execution of our 5-10-10 strategy are focused on 5 key categories, 10 priority markets and 10 Power brands continues to deliver quality growth. Organic revenues grew 9.6%, with a good balance between pricing and vol/mix. In fact, except for the Easter shift, this region would've posted another quarter of double-digit gains.  Power brands grew 16%, lead by 56% growth of Oreo in the quarter. Several other Power brands also performed well. Toot and Club Social crackers grew more than 25%, while Tang and Cadbury Dairy Milk each rose nearly 20%. Within the region, Asia Pacific and Latin America continued to grow double digits. CEEMA revenues rose in the mid-single digits despite weak economic conditions and the Easter shift.  Several markets stood out in the quarter. In India, our business grew more than 40%. And with our recent launches of both Oreo and Tang in this market, we're confident that robust growth will continue. China and Indonesia each grew more than 20%. Brazil continued to drive growth in Latin America, with revenues up mid-teens. And Ukraine was up double digits, leading the way in CEEMA.  Operating income margin in Developing Markets declined to 12.2%, largely due to a substantial increase in A&C. Pricing, end-to-end cost management savings and favorable vol/mix more than offset higher input costs. As in Europe, pricing has not yet caught up to input cost, but we expect a better alignment of prices, price versus cost, as the year unfolds. Now before I turn it over to Dave, I'd like to take a moment to say how much I've enjoyed working with everyone here at Kraft Foods over the past 3 and a half years, including our analyst and share owners. I have great respect for the board, Irene and the rest of the leadership team. Together, I believe we've put Kraft in a solid path to deliver consistent, top-tier performance. And Im turning over the CFO reins to a great colleague and a good friend, you'll be in very good hands. With that, I'll turn it over to Dave for an update on our guidance.
David Brearton: Thanks, Tim. For those of you who've met Tim in person, I know you'll understand when I say I'll have very big shoes to fill; in more ways than one. But I look forward to building on his progress and the company's excellent financial foundation. Turning to our guidance. On the top line, we're confident we'll deliver organic net revenue growth of at least 4% in 2011. That excludes the impact of the loss of the Starbucks CPG business and the favorable impact of accounting calendar changes. As you've seen, we started the year strong and we remain cautiously optimistic with regard to the balance of the year. We're realizing better alignment between pricing and input cost and volumes to date have held up well. But we're cautious on near-term demand, as the impact of inflation on the consumer has not yet fully played through in the marketplace. At the same time, we believe we're well positioned as we continue to fuel the virtuous cycle we outlined at CAGNY. Our end-to-end cost management will drive productivity and overhead savings, and we'll continue to increase investments in marketing, innovation and other brand-building investments to drive top-tier growth. On the bottom line, we now expect operating EPS of at least $2.20 this year. We've adjusted our numbers to reflect a $0.05 to $0.07 impact from recent changes in our U.S. Premium Coffee segment. These include the loss of the Starbucks CPG business, some related traffic overhead costs and the launch of Gevalia Premium Coffee coming in August. Most important, our overall business momentum remains strong. Excluding the changes in U.S. Premium Coffee, our earnings outlook for the balance of our business remains consistent with the prior guidance of 11% to 13% growth.  Now I'll turn the call back to Irene for some concluding remarks.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Dave. Our strong start this year demonstrates the power of the virtuous cycle we've created around the world. This is due in no small part to the work that Tim has done over the past 3  years. Tim has been a terrific partner since joining Kraft Foods in 2007, and I want to thank him for all he did to help me lead our organization through great change. We went from an operating division of Altria to a standalone public company, and now a leader in the food and beverage sector. Tim was also instrumental in several important transactions that have transformed our portfolio, especially the acquisition of Cadbury. We will certainly miss Tim's perspective and commitment, but we're fortunate to have an experienced and knowledgeable leader like Dave, ready to step in and seamlessly assume the role. I'm quite confident that we won't miss a beat on our path to sustainable top-tier growth.  Now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Christopher Jakubik: I'd like to offer some guidance in order to direct traffic to any financial questions. With respect to any questions about the first quarter numbers, please direct your questions to Tim. And with respect to financial outlook, please direct your questions to Dave. With that, I'll ask the operator to put the first question through.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of David Palmer from UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: I wanted to ask you about the Cadbury business in particular, and in Gum and progress in Gum, and also maybe a comment on Chocolate, in particular. I know we had some weakness, particularly in some of the developing Southern European markets there in Gum. How are things trending there as we head later into the year? Do you feel like things are trending the right direction?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, David, there's no question that Cadbury has transformed the business as we hoped it would in terms of our portfolio, our distribution capabilities and the geographic footprint. And it's certainly playing out in our results. We also feel very good about overall how the business is performing. As you are aware, it's exceeding our financial expectations. It's going to be EPS accretive this year, and our cash flow more than doubled last year, and we see further opportunities. So in aggregate, we feel quite good about it. And certainly, the Chocolate business in general is performing quite well. We had some short-term impact in the first quarter as we discussed due to the Easter effect, but we feel quite good about our Chocolate business. And especially in some of our Developing Markets, we saw our Cadbury Dairy Milk grow almost 20% versus historical growth of in the range of 7%. We feel quite good overall about Chocolate.  Gum continues to be a challenge. It is very much an attractive category. We feel very confident that it has good long-term growth prospects. But we are seeing 2 very specific problems in the short-term. Certainly, the category is not as robust as it has been historically. In large measure, as we discussed, we believe that's due to macroeconomic conditions. And the other piece is that our U.S. business is not performing as well as we'd like. Both of the key competitors in the category have been investing to stimulate category growth. I think we're beginning to see macroeconomic recovery in a number of markets around the world, and I feel the category will come back over time. In the U.S., though, our challenge is really that our first half innovations have not lived up to our expectations. We launched Trident Vitality. It's been a solid single, but Trident Layers last year was a homerun. So it's a little bit below our expectations, but it's up against a tough comp. That's it. We're on the case, and I'm quite confident that we will see recovery in the back half of the year. I'd also say that elsewhere in the world, we're seeing some very strong growth in the Gum category. Markets like Russia, Turkey, South Africa, all up solidly over 30%. Japan, up 20%. So net-net, the overall business is doing well. Chocolate is on track; Gum continues to be a bit of a challenge particularly in the U.S., but I'm quite confidence confident that it will recover as the year progress.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Effectively one big question on Coffee and a couple of parts. Does the guidance assume that you will receive proceeds from the Starbucks CPG business? And does it assume use of proceeds? And I'll just tick off a couple more, and let you guys pick on how you want to answer them and in what order. And then the Coffee strategy, I'd like you to talk about the advertising budget. It is my perception that one reason why the U.S. Single Served Coffee business with Tassimo has not done so well is because that advertising budget was cut years ago. And it looks like you have to really replenish that to get it going again. And then finally, can you just comment on Gevalia in this premium strategy? What kind of backing will it get on its launch? And how long would you expect to sustain it?
Irene Rosenfeld: If I can take those one at a time, our guidance does not include any proceeds from the arbitration. We feel quite confident in our position. We built a very solid business together, and we do expect to be compensated for that. But exactly what time and what the magnitude would be is uncertain at this point so we did not factor that in. With respect to Tassimo, we continue to see very strong performance particularly in our international markets. It's up about over 30%, about 35% globally. And North America business is up over 50%. It is true that we cut back on our mass market support of Tassimo simply because we discovered that it made more sense to target this offering to people that were coffee lovers. And so we continue to support the brand quite actively, and we feel very good about its performance in North America. In Canada, we're doubling the size of the business. We've got a strong #1 share in the U.S. The business, as I said, continues to grow.  And in fact even our business, ex the Starbucks tick, was up a healthy over 20%. So we feel good about the performance of Tassimo, and we are continuing to support it. With respect to Gevalia, we've given it a nice launch. It's a very important part of our premium strategy, which we shared with you. And it's a strong business. It's a very good coffee. It's a leading brand in Europe, and what you might you may not realize is it's actually already over $200 million business in the U.S. that consumers already know, and we've got some very good brand awareness to be tapping into. So I feel very good about the launch of Gevalia. We've got a very robust plan to introduce it, and that's part of the investment in Coffee that Dave alluded to, the $0.05 to $0.07 that we talked about. And we're quite confident that we've got a very robust pipeline in our European business that we will be able to bring over to the U.S. now that we don't have the constraints of the contract.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess a couple of questions. First is just looking at the balance sheet, it looks like there's been really no progress on the debt. In fact, maybe it's the cost of inventories or stuff, but it looks like debt actually increased from the December to the March quarter end. Could you talk about that for a second?
Timothy McLevish: Well, seasonally first quarter is usually a higher working capital quarter. If you looked at it historically, you'll see that our cash position in the first quarter usually is negative seasonally. This quarter, that was exacerbated a little bit with the Easter shift. So we were assembling inventories for the Easter selling season that sat there. A lot it sat there at the end of the first quarter. The year-end kind of runoff in FX and as the balance sheet was translated to U.S. dollars also pushed it up a little bit. And further, the higher input costs reflected higher inventories. So consequently, yes, the working capital was higher, which ultimately resulted in lower cash flows, and that's about, I think, it was a little over $1 billion higher than we would've anticipated. Also note that we made a $500 million pension contribution in January this year. So the combination of higher working capital and that pension contribution are in the net debt levels. But we do anticipate getting back on track or staying or remaining on track and bring the debt levels down to the levels we have identified consistent with our ratings targets by the year end.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: And then I guess, Irene, it looks as if over the last 4 quarters, that U.S. Snack operating profits, excluding various charges, et cetera, has been down. Is that -- I'm kind of surprised because maybe that's a function of the Gum weakness. But is there anything else going on there? Or has it just become a pretty competitive category whether we look at Gum or Biscuits?
Irene Rosenfeld: No, actually, Eric, I think Gum is a piece of it. But it's really primarily due to the fact that in that business, pricing hasn't yet caught up to rising input costs. We've been very sensitive to making sure that we get the right balance between protecting our shares and our underlying momentum. There's some impact on that business as well from the Easter shift because crackers tends to be more skewed, will be more skewed to the second quarter. But a big part of it is just they haven't fully been able to recover their input cost increases, as well as while we have continued to invest in a number of our core brands. And that's part of the reason that we're seeing very strong top line performance from a number of the Power brands. But that will equalize over time.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: It looks as if, in the first quarter, if I read the table correctly, your Cadbury was $0.03 dilutive and yet you're saying that it's going to be accretive for the year even though the sales are not where you want them to be. So can you kind of bridge those 2? And is it more of a cost savings story now, at least for the moment? Is that how the accretion is going to ramp up so significantly here?
Timothy McLevish: Well, Eric, I'll answer, I believe, the first part of it. The first quarter, actually we didn't give you quite enough information to determine the accretion dilution in the first quarter. There's pieces of it that are dealt with from last year. In fact, Cadbury was modestly dilutive, not the $0.03, but probably close to $0.02 dilutive in the first quarter. But that's right on track with what we expect to be for accretive this year. A lot of the increase is going to be the synergies. We've said that we'd be at 70% run rate of the 750 by year end, coming out of 25% last year. We added, I think, another 7% or 8% in the first quarter. So we're right on track on generating synergies, and although revenues in some of the Cadbury categories were a bit soft, we would anticipate that pick up in the back half of the year.
Irene Rosenfeld: I would say, to correct the assumption, we feel quite good about the aggregate revenue so we're not concerned about that at all.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I wanted to ask you, if I could, in relation to pricing versus cost inflation. So in this quarter, was that a drag on the gross margin?
Timothy McLevish: Actually, pricing was, overall, for Kraft was modestly ahead of the cost environment.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then I would ask, I guess, really from a broader standpoint, but Europe in general has been a difficult area to price in. This quarter, it did show some good pricing on your part, but I would suspect just given some of the categories, you need more. Are those price increases in place already and they'll start phasing in? Or is there more pricing still to take in Europe? And just if you could talk generally about the environment there if we're trying to get pricing realization?
Irene Rosenfeld: Chris, we have taken pricing. It is playing through, and you are likely to see another round of pricing in response to some of the significant spikes in our input cost. But we feel pretty good about the way our volumes have held up so far. We've got good programming in place. We've used a number of promotional tactics to try to leverage our scale. So for example, the Delicious Difference days that we run in France with Carrefour has been a nice way of us helping to bridge the consumer as we've raised prices in a number of our core categories. But we feel pretty confident that we will be able to protect our margins. Not actually -- assuming our dollar margins, but there'll be a bit of a denominator effect as we significantly increase prices. But we feel pretty confident that we can protect our profit dollars in Europe as well as elsewhere.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: First, it would be just you'd talk about how you're pretty happy with the progress in market shares and despite, obviously, the pricing in the tough environment. Maybe, however, you want to sort of define because I know there are different ways that you kind of track it internally. But is there a way to give us a sense, overall, of how that is tracking relative to what we've seen the past couple quarters?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I certainly -- as we look around the world, our market shares in our core categories are holding their own despite the fact that in many of our categories, we were the first out in terms of pricing. I know there's always been a great deal of interest in North America, and we feel very good about how the focused strategy that Tony laid out is playing out behind our top 20 brands. And we've stepped up marketing investments, our shares are improving, and I guess, what's most telling is our account shares are quite significantly up versus prior years despite the fact that we have an Easter shift. So we feel very good about the extent to which our shares have held up around the world in the face of pricing. It certainly is reflective of the investments that we've made in our core equities as well as in our innovation pipeline.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Tim, you said inflation was 7% to 8% in the quarter. Is that still the estimation for the full year at this stage?
Timothy McLevish: Yes, that's correct.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: And then last one, you've said that foreign exchange was, as of the last call, going to be relatively neutral impact on the year. How does that shape up for you now?
David Brearton: Andrew, it's Dave. Currency on the quarter was about in line, frankly, with last year. We have a pretty broad basket of currencies. So the implications of any currency moves kind of gets muted somewhat. If I was honest looking at the currencies where they sit today, it would reflect an upside versus the guidance we've given today. But as you probably saw in the markets today, they move a lot in any given day, and I think it would be a bit early for us to bet on that and build that in. So we've looked at first quarter and said it's about flat to a year ago. And the guidance at this stage reflects how we were thinking of it back then. If there's any upside, if these rates hold longer, we'll come back to you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: I wanted to know regarding inflation, we're getting a much higher number for inflation for Kraft, but we're using a lot of spot markets. And I was wondering if you feel like your hedging has helped you quite a bit this year. Do you feel like you're beating those spot markets? And then secondly, there has been management turnover at the Cadbury side. A couple other key people have left. And I was wondering, Irene, if you can comment on why these people are leaving and what kind of bench you have to backfill.
Timothy McLevish: I can start with the commodities, and Irene will talk about management. I think our commodity cost increases are actually quite consistent with what you're seeing from other companies. They're going to be the high single digits. We have a pretty wide business across multiple geographies, so I think it would be hard, I think, for you to do model that precisely. But we're looking at high single-digit increases. We are pricing. We priced in the first quarter to cover that, and we believe we'll be pricing to cover those as the year unfolds. So we don't see any major issues on commodities. We just need to keep in front of it. We need to use the end-to-end cost management to make sure we have money to invest in the brands and innovations, which then would allow us to do that pricing. So I think we're pretty comfortable with the high single-digit numbers that we've given.
Irene Rosenfeld: With respect to some of the management changes, there's no question I'm sorry to see some of our talent leave, but I feel that we've got a very strong pipeline. We've made great progress since I first laid out the rewiring strategy at CAGNY in 2007. We've got a nice pipeline for most of our key positions, and it enabled us to make some very quick announcements in the wake of the departure in Snacks, Jim Chambers' departure. For example, we've got Mark Clouse stepping in to run our Snacks business. Mark was the status architect of our global biscuit strategy, and he is well prepared to lead that important business. In turn, we backfilled Mark as the leader of our global biscuit category, with Lorna Davis, who is the General Manager of our China business. She actually came from the LU business initially. And she was the person, with our team, who grew our China business from $50 million to over at $500 million business over the last couple of years. So I feel very good about Lorna's experience in biscuit and her capability to add value in leading our global biscuit team. And then in turn, we backfilled Lorna Davis with Shawn Warren, who has been the architect in our Asia Pacific region of the Oreo growth that I alluded to in my remarks. And so we feel very good about the pipeline, and I think you see it playing out in these most recent announcement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Can I ask about the distribution trends on some of your new products in North America? You obviously, had a lot -- I guess, for the first time in several years, you've got a decent lineup of new products, and those are ramping up. Have you got further benefits to come from additional distribution gains in the second quarter? Or is that largely now behind us from Q4, Q1?
Irene Rosenfeld: No, I think we have benefits will come, yes, from distribution, although I feel actually quite good about the speed with which we got a number of these innovations to market. I think our innovation pipeline is one of the strongest we've had, possibly ever, but certainly in recent memory. And the focus on fewer, bigger, faster has really played out nicely. And so we're seeing very early wins on a number of the new items. But we do have some incremental distribution opportunity. But also for most of these products, the marketing support will just begin to kick in, in the second quarter. And so of course, we'll expect to see some pick up in velocities as well. So we feel quite good about the innovation pipeline in the U.S., as well as elsewhere in the world, and I think it's going to be an important contributor to our performance this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: First, Tim, just want to wish you good luck, and there's been a lot of kind of moving parts in the time that you've had this job, and you've been very helpful in helping us sort of keep up with it. So I want to thank you for that, and wish you good luck in the future.
Timothy McLevish: Thank you, Brian.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just a couple of questions. First, in terms of the advertising and consumer spend in the quarter, looking at the first quarter, assuming that it was running ahead of plan, did you actually end up spending more in A&C in the quarter than you had originally anticipated?
Timothy McLevish: Yes, well, modestly more than we had in our annual plan, but it was up about 14% from prior year. Most of them -- a large part of that was fully planned.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then in the full year guidance as well, has that got a higher degree of A&C spending in it than you originally planned?
Timothy McLevish: Not at this stage, Bryan. It's more or less in line with the guidance that we give you at the start of the year. It's more a question the overspend in quarter 1 was just a bit of phasing, but right now, we're still on track.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then just in terms of a clarification on the organic sales growth guidance for the year, the calendar shift, I'm assuming that pulls out the extra week. Is that also normalized for some of the calendar, I guess, the calendarization changes in lieu from last year?
Timothy McLevish: Yes. Yes, the quarter -- the organic revenue growth of 4 plus percent that we gave excludes any calendar changes either this year or last year. So we've tried to keep it as clean as we can, and we'll do that going forward just to make it clearer for people how we're doing on our business.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then finally, just in terms of sort of how we're looking at phasing out the balance of the year. Some of, I guess, there's some tailwinds -- the second quarter will get some benefits for Easter. But it sounds like you're still going to be putting pricing in to cover inflation, so sort of the net benefit of that doesn't really kick in fully until the second half of the year. So as we're just trying to phase the rest of the year, could you just talk a little -- give us a little bit of color in terms of just how to think about the EPS growth or profit growth as it phases out through the balance of the year?
David Brearton: Sure. We don't normally issue quarterly guidance so I won't give you formal guidance. But I will say a couple of things. Firstly, you're right. Organic revenue growth in quarter 2 will benefit from the Easter shift. So we'll get the tailwind from the 1.5 points we talked about this quarter. But on the EPS side, I think Tim said in our last earnings call that we would have more normal seasonality of our EPS this year. Last year was a bit of an anomaly. Sort of if you look back over time, we've traditionally delivered a little less than half of our earnings in the first half, around 48% and about 52% from the back half, just because of the seasonality of some of our products. This year, we would expect to be in line with that historical trend. Whereas last year, for a lot of reasons, it was the reverse. We actually had a higher profit delivery in the first half last year than we did this year. So in terms of comparisons, our comparisons are going to be tougher in the first half than the back half. It's not because of anything this year, it's not because of pressures we're seeing. We're actually quite comfortable that 2011 will be a good earnings profile across the year. We're just comparing against an unusual 2010.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Irene, just in terms of pricing to inflation in developing markets, has it become more difficult to take price increases that cover or even more than cover inflation this year than maybe it's been the case last year or the year before?
Irene Rosenfeld: I think we're seeing some sensitivity, and so there's no question that it is a little bit more difficult. But as you can see from our results, about half and half of revenue was about half and half vol/mix and pricing. And so we've been able to get to those price increases through, again, because of the investments that we've made in our core franchises.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Did you -- maybe I missed it, but did you gave an organic sales number for Cadbury in the quarter?
Irene Rosenfeld: No, we're not. At this point, the business is fully integrated. So we gave the organic number for the entire company.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And there are no comments you want to make under other than the Gum comments that you made earlier?
Irene Rosenfeld: No, I think it's been in line with our expectations as I've said. There's nothing more to issue.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Last quarter, you brought back out the U.S. revenue metric that was gaining share, and it was a very impressive number. Do you have that number for this quarter as well?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, as I mentioned earlier, we feel very good about the fact that we're holding our growing share in the majority of our business despite the fact that we did take pricing and weve seen a shift in Easter. So we're certainly way up in where we would hope to be. And as I mentioned on a volume basis, we feel very good that we're in the 80% range. We feel quite good about that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry Bivens from JP Morgan.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I just have 2, I think, relatively quick things. Irene, this kind of gets back to Alexia's question on distribution. At least in the syndicated data, it seems to be roughly equal with last year. I would've probably expected it to be up a little, but it kind of gets back to Wal-Mart in a way. So Action Alley hasn't really come back like we might have thought a year ago or so. Do you think that's a fair statement?
Irene Rosenfeld: It's come back. I would say that we certainly are seeing better trends. It's not quite yet where we'd like it to be, but we certainly are -- we did not find that we lost a lot of distribution as part of their change in strategy. So you wouldn't have expected that as an impact on our distribution numbers. But we are -- the numbers that we look at, we are gaining distribution in aggregates, partly related to the fact that we've got some very strong new products as I mentioned earlier.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just in terms of the revenue synergies, I was certainly surprised to see how well Oreo is doing over in India. Are there -- I believe you set a goal for $1 billion, if I'm remembering correctly, I don't have that in front of me. But could you just talk for a minute about how the revenue synergies part of the Cadbury acquisition is going?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, we feel good, Terry. We set a target -- you're right, we set a target of about $1 billion, and we think we're on track to deliver that. We said about half a point of our growth in 2011 would come from our revenue synergies. But I think there's a whole host of examples. Certainly, India is one good example where we've been able to put both Oreo and Tang through the chocolate distribution network to terrific results. In Brazil, we're currently expanding our base legacy Kraft products into almost 700,000 outlets, up from less than 300,000. So we're seeing some -- and that's been an important contributor to our high double-digit growth in Brazil. Mexico, I talked about the fact that we've been able to put Oreo that was only in about the 100,000 outlets into Cadbury's 380,000 outlets that they had with the Gum business. Russia, we're seeing some opportunities to be able to put the total portfolio together, and even just some simple merchandising ideas. There was some small retail refrigerators that Cadbury used in India for their Chocolate business that we've now been able to take to use in Cheese in markets like Indonesia and for chocolate in markets like Brazil. So there's a whole host of examples, but as we shared with you most of the $1 billion of revenue synergies will come in 2012, 2013.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Can you actually talk about the progress you're making in the alternative channels? I think, historically, most companies say they add about 2 percentage points on top of major channels. Is that still the case? Or is there a slowdown in the channels? And can you talk about the distribution between the different alternative channels?
Irene Rosenfeld: No, we're having terrific performance in the alternative channels in mid- to high-teens growth rates and draw the mass in dollar. So we feel very, very good, particularly now with the stronger portfolio. We have a wider range of offerings for a number of these channels, and that's playing out quite well for us. It's an important part of our growth, and we like it a lot because typically, there's a lot less competition there, and we like the margins.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And then the second question I had is you talked about a couple of points around certain Power brands. Can you kind of round it out a little bit with a couple more comments about other Power brands that you didn't actually talk about in your notes? Just kind of seeing how everything else did.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I think we gave you, by geography. As we told in North America, our Power brands grew about 4%, and, in fact, if you look at our top 20 brands, 15 of the top 20 grew more than 5%. So we feel very good about the performance in North America. As we talked about in Europe, we grew an aggregate 4%. Our Power brands grew over 6%. And in Developing Markets where we grew almost 10%, our Power brands grew 16%. And behind there, we've given you a couple of numbers. We talked about Oreo up 56%. I talked about Cadbury Dairy Milk up almost 20%. So we've got a number of very good stories behind each of those aggregate numbers, but it would be a little bit lengthy to go into all of them. I think we've given you a pretty good flavor for them.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Are there any ones that we should see that might be more advertising or new price innovation that might not have performed yet that might be coming online? I guess, that's really what I'm trying to get at.
Irene Rosenfeld: I think certainly products like meals are just getting started. It's a beverage. We served it to you at CAGNY. It's a water enhancer, and people are just beginning to get it into their hands. We have high hopes for it. We're just getting started. But we've got a pretty good pipeline. Certainly as I mentioned, our innovations are out in the market for the most part, but they're just beginning to get consumer support. So we do expect that the performance of those products will accelerate as we move along. Tim mentioned the products in Europe. In the U.K., our Millicano coffee product, we have great hopes for that one, and it's off to a good start. Our chocolate Philadelphia with Milka is off to a very good start. We're actually selling more than we can make. So I think if we go around the world, we feel very good about the pipeline, and we do feel very good about the marketing support behind the pipeline. But I'll tell you, when I look at businesses like Tang, it took us 50 years to build Tang to a $500 million business, and in the last 3 years, we've essentially doubled that. And Tang is almost $1 billion brand in Developing Markets. So we've talked about brands like Oreo that are quite mature that are growing like teenagers. Many of these establish brands are responding quite well to the marketing support and to the innovation and the marketing as well as some of the new products that I talked about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler for with CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I guess my question really is about what are you seeing in the competitive set? Irene, you talked about your performance on a volume basis if we sort of account for the Easter shift which was fairly solid given the pricing that you've put into place. Are you seeing your competitors' price behind you now? And is it your expectation that continue to see the sort of volume traction? Could you just talk a little bit? Particularly in categories where you do have a significant private-label competition.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I do feel that -- we've been able to take pricing, our shares are holding up well. As we've said, we have found, in most of our categories, that we have priced earlier than many of our competitors. And the reality, though, is as costs are going up for everyone and so we would expect over time that we will see prices increase across the board for our customers, as well as for our branded competitors.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And are you seeing that on the shelf now or do you think there's still a lag between -- because if you go back all the way to the third quarter of 2010 is when you really started to take the pricing. It seems to me that we should've seen from your other competitors pricing behind you. So I guess...
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, most of our categories -- given the extreme spike that we have seen in input cost, it is almost impossible not to price them. We're seeing that playing out. Some people, some businesses have done it at different rates than others. We're starting to see it play out in the marketplace, but as Dave said, it's one of the reasons that we are cautious about our guidance because we feel very good about where we are so far, but we do need to continue to see this play out. But I would say, in general, we are finding that our elasticities are holding up better than we might have thought.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Are there any particular categories you would highlight where you think there needs to be further pricing? I know it's broad-based commodity inflation, but particularly thinking of things like the meat category, dairy?
Irene Rosenfeld: No, I'm not going to get into any specifics. But I think you can see where the largest spikes have been.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: A question about capital allocation and just kind of your thought about your portfolio. So on capital allocation size, we're seeing share count creep up a little bit as options get diluted. You're going to end this year with roughly 3x leveraged financing costs are pretty attractive. You get got potential proceeds from Starbucks. So can you just give us perspective on when you would feel comfortable maybe buying back stock? And then on the portfolio side, it looks like we're seeing increased deal activity in this space. So any thoughts in terms of the looking at your broader portfolio, how you could participate and looking at maybe some of the brands or non-core products that you could potentially sell?
David Brearton: Yes, I think right now, we're pretty focused on getting to the leverage targets that we've laid out through both EBITDA growth as well as the natural maturity of our existing debt. When we get to that point, we will obviously, consider all options, but that will be a discussion with our Board so I don't think we could go into that here. In terms of M&A, we never comment on M&A. So sorry, we won't be able to do that here, but we're pretty happy with the portfolio we've got right now. And our focus is really on driving top-tier growth, top line and bottom line with the portfolio we have today.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And your earlier comment about just focusing on debt reduction and getting to the leverage target, how has that focus changed if you did get sizable proceeds from Starbucks?
David Brearton: At this point, I don't want to get into a hypothetical discussion on any Starbucks proceeds. We need to let the process play though.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I wanted to just circle back to the discussion earlier about kind of the phasing of the year in terms of quarters. I think your comments implied maybe a mid-$0.50 type of number for the second quarter, which would put a pretty strong onus on the back half in terms of the year-over-year growth perspective to get to the numbers on a full year basis, kind of something in the range of 20% to 25% in the back half. And I guess, I know Q4, you had some margin pressure, but that doesn't hasn't strike me as having been anything so unique about last year from a comparison standpoint to cause such a big growth rate this year. So just hoping you could help me understand that a little better.
David Brearton: This year is going to be pretty normal. So I would not get hung up on the growth rate versus last year. Last year was the anomaly. So this year, we will have an earnings profile across the quarters. It's going to be pretty much in line with prior years with, as I said, 48% in the first half and roughly 52% in the second half would be our normal historical level. And there's some things that you just have to keep in mind as we go into quarter 2. There's the Easter shift, just that normal distribution. And as well we're going to see a mark-to-market reverse out. The mathematical calculation of what that means to growth in the back half, again, I think I would look at that as part of an ongoing historical profile rather than versus last year. We had an unusually high earnings level in the first half last year, and equally an unusually lower earnings level in the back half. So yes, it will mathematically look like a big step up, but we're pretty comfortable with the profile this year is more normal and it will reflect our ongoing business profile.
Timothy McLevish: The profile last year was $54.46 and the normalized is more $48.52. So we're expecting to revert back to kind of normal.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then one follow-up, if I could, just on the coffee change with Starbucks. It looks like there was an $87 million kind of divestiture in the quarter. And I guess, you only didn't have that business for 1 month out of the quarter and $87 million seems like a high number for 1 month. Am I missing something there?
David Brearton: I think the number you're looking on the chart was actually the take-out Starbucks revenue out of both years. So the $87 million was actually taking out January and February.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Serotta with Wells Fargo.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Could you touch upon the U.S. Grocery segment? It seems that you had really some of the largest volume declines there. Was that a segment where competitors were late to follow?
Irene Rosenfeld: Actually, the biggest impact on our Grocery segment is Easter. That is, of all of our businesses, we've got a lot of products in there that are very sensitive to Easter; Macaroni & Cheese, and soaked up a number of our products. Our Jell-O business, Cool Whip business, all of those are highly sensitive to Easter, and that was the major driver of the net revenue decline. I'm quite comfortable that we will see, over the first half, positive organic growth in that business unit.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then did you give what the target is for A&C increase for this year?
Irene Rosenfeld: No, as we've said, we have a longer-term target of getting ourselves in the 8% to 9% range. And I think we're well on track to continue to make good progress.
Timothy McLevish: I think we can end it there. I appreciate everybody listening today. And for those of you who need to ask questions, Mike Mitchell will be available to take your calls. And for the analysts who have further follow-ups, Dexter Congbalay and myself will be available. Thanks very much, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-10 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Christopher Jakubik -  Timothy McLevish - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Kraft Foods Fourth Quarter 2010 and Year End Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour including remarks by Kraft management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Chris Jakubik, Vice President, Investor Relations for Kraft. Please go ahead, sir.
Christopher Jakubik: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and Tim McLevish, our Chief Financial Officer. Earlier today, we put out our earnings release. The release along with today's slides are available on our website, kraftfoodscompany.com.  As you know, during this call we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. So please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. Let me now turn it over to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Chris, and good afternoon. Tim and I will start today with the highlights of our fourth quarter results. I'll then provide our 2011 outlook, and we'll take your questions. Our Q4 results reflected a strong finish to 2010. From a total company perspective, we delivered high-quality top and bottom line results in a more difficult environment than any of us had anticipated. We delivered a good balance between volume/mix and pricing despite the significant pricing actions taken since August to offset input costs. In fact, in our base business, vol/mix drove more that 2/3 of our top line growth in both the fourth quarter and for the full year. At the same time, we continued to invest behind our Power Brands.  Advertising and consumer spending in the quarter on our base business was in line with very strong levels in Q4 2009 and up double digit for the full year. And finally, we realized significant benefits for productivity improvements and overhead cost savings. Our Q4 momentum was broad-based, with contributions from every geography. In Developing Markets, we once again delivered double-digit revenue growth. Asia Pacific and Latin America led the region, while the trend in our CEEMA business improved with high single-digit growth. In Europe, we delivered another quarter of solid revenue gains with growth in each of our key categories. In addition, despite sharply higher input costs, Europe continued to expand operating margin. We were especially pleased that North America had a strong finish to the year, with revenue improving sequentially. In fact, top line growth was the strongest we've seen in some time. This was driven by significantly better volumes versus the prior year, as we stepped up merchandising activity and introduced several new marketing campaigns.  Of course, one of our key goals in 2010 was the integration of Cadbury, and I'm pleased to report that it's progressing well. In fact, it's running ahead of our investment case. That said, in the fourth quarter and for the full year, Cadbury revenue growth was somewhat below our expectations.  In addition to the inventory destocking we told you about several months ago, the Gum and Candy categories were disproportionally hurt by the weak consumer environment in a number of major markets. Chocolate, however, was ahead of plan, fueled by increased marketing support. Looking ahead, the inventory destocking is behind us. We'll build on our strong market shares, and we're investing in marketing and innovation to reinvigorate growth in the Gum and Candy categories. On the bottom line, the earnings dilution from the acquisition was $0.11, approximately $0.05 better than our expectations. This was driven by a combination of earlier delivery of cost synergies, as well as lower interest expense and share dilution.  What's more, we significantly increased advertising and marketing support in key markets, which drove market share growth in all categories, including Gum and Candy. More importantly, we now expect the Cadbury acquisition will turn earnings accretive in 2011. That is accretive to operating EPS, not just to cash EPS, as we had previously guided. In terms of the balance sheet, our focus on working capital has already begun to pay dividends. Cash generated from the Cadbury business more than doubled versus the 2010 plan and was well in excess of their historical levels. This was a key contributor to the lower leverage on our year-end balance sheet. The infusion of Cadbury talent into our organization is also going well. I'm really pleased with the retention of top talent. And as I've noted before, about a third of our top 400 executives came to us from Cadbury. I'm very proud of how well our people have come together as a team with a shared commitment to a performance-driven, values-led company. Finally, a quick update on the Cadbury cost synergies. As I said earlier, we're running ahead of plan. In 2010, we realized about 25% of the $750 million in targeted cost synergies. That's better than our earlier estimate of 15%, and we remain on track to deliver about 70% of our synergies in 2011. On the cost side, we've spent about 40% of the estimated $1.5 billion in integration program costs. That's somewhat lower than our prior estimate of 50%, but that's mainly due to timing.  Let me now turn it over to Tim to discuss our fourth quarter results in more detail.
Timothy McLevish: Thanks, Irene, and good afternoon. Let me start by saying that we're quite encouraged by what we saw in our fourth quarter performance. As I'll outline over the next few minutes, our results were in line with our expectations. We posted stronger operating gains from our base business, offset by rapidly rising input costs and a persistently weak consumer environment in many markets. Now let me provide some details, starting with our top line. Organic net revenue for the combined business grew 5.7%, as focused investments drove continued strong growth in our Power Brands in every region. In fact, these brands collectively grew 8% in the fourth quarter.  In the Kraft base business, organic revenues increased 6.5%, driven by 4.6 points from vol/mix and 1.9 points from pricing. The strong vol/mix gains are encouraging, as we raised prices in many categories to offset sharply higher input costs.  In the Cadbury business, organic revenues rose 2.2%, which was clearly lower than we would expect on an ongoing basis. Growth was tempered again this quarter by our decision to normalize trade inventories in certain markets. This reduced Cadbury's overall top line growth by about 60 basis points.  In addition, the Gum and Candy categories were soft. This was a result of economic conditions leading to weaker consumption by teens who are the heaviest consumers. As Irene said, we have solid plans in place for 2011 to reinvigorate consumption in these important categories. Turning to profit, our operating income margin, excluding acquisition and integration program costs, was 11.6%. In our Kraft base business, operating income margin fell slightly to 11.1%. There were several factors at work here. On the positive side, we posted strong gains from our productivity programs, and we have significantly lower overhead costs versus the prior year.  Offsetting these, we continued to increase investment behind our brands, but the biggest factor in the fourth quarter was the rapid escalation of input costs. This tempered both gross margin and OI margins in every region during the quarter. To give you some perspective, let's look at the trend in year-over-year changes for our Kraft base business. As you can see on Slide 8 in both the fourth quarter 2009 and first quarter 2010, these costs were favorable year-over-year. During these quarters, we benefited from the carryover effect of 2009 pricing actions. Pricing caught up with input cost levels, and hence, our gross margins were stronger in those quarters. In fact, our gross margins in Q4 2009 were the highest they have been since the first quarter of 2004.  During the second quarter of 2010, the year-over-year effect of input costs was roughly flat, but the trend has continued to deteriorate since then. As we told you in our Q3 call, we had already started to take pricing across several categories. And we knew that margins would be under pressure in the near term. But even those actions were insufficient, as input costs continued to increase sharply during the fourth quarter. In fact, Q4 input costs in our base business were up nearly $0.5 billion, and our margin suffered accordingly.  Our current expectation is that input costs will remain high throughout 2011. As a result, we're now in the process of implementing further pricing actions to reflect these higher input cost levels. We expect that pricing will continue to lag input costs in the first half of the year. This will pressure gross margins. However, they should recover in the back half of the year, as prices and costs become better aligned. Turning to EPS, let me walk you through the bridge for the quarter. Let's start with Q4 of 2009 when we earned $0.48, $0.04 of that came from the divested Pizza business. We also spent $0.03 on Cadbury acquisition-related costs and financing fees. So from a year-ago base of $0.47, our operating EPS was essentially flat at $0.46 and in line with our expectations.  Our Kraft base business had another strong quarter, delivering $0.06 of operating gain versus the prior year. This was offset by a combination of losses on some small divestitures, unfavorable FX and asset impairments. Cadbury operating earnings contributed $0.15 to EPS, that's a little ahead of expectations mainly from the early delivery of cost synergies.  Below the line, interest in shares were higher due to funding the Cadbury acquisition. This was offset, in part, from the proceeds from the Pizza sale. Interest expense also came in higher, due to costs related to the early retirement of debt. This was offset by the benefits of a lower-than-anticipated tax rate. For the full year, I'd like to highlight two key points. First, improved vol/mix, productivity and overhead savings drove $.22 of operating gains in our Kraft base business, and we did this while continuing to increase investments in our Power Brands across the portfolio. Second, we delivered on our commitments to earn at least $2 of operating EPS this year, and we did so in a high quality manner.  I'll take a few minutes now to share highlights of our business results by geography. In North America, we made good progress within a weak consumer environment. On a combined basis, organic net revenues grew 3.3%, up from 1% in the third quarter. In addition, top line growth was broad-based, with revenue increasing in all business units but one. In fact, we grew share in more than half the businesses in Q4.  We continued to invest behind our Power Brands, and they responded by growing 5%. There were many stars in the quarter. Here are just a view that grew mid-single to low double digits: Oreo, Ritz , Wheat Thins, Maxwell House, Planters and Macaroni & Cheese.  In the Kraft base business, organic revenues grew 4.1%, which was the best top line performance in more than two years. Higher merchandising and the successful multibrand Huddle to Fight Hunger campaign fueled vol/mix gains of 2.4 percentage points.  Pricing, net of promotion, drove an additional 1.7 points of growth. Cadbury organic net revenues, however, were disappointing, declining 6.1% in the quarter. This reflected two headwinds: Difficult comparisons in Gum against major Trident and Stride product launches in the prior year quarter, and tough comparisons with last year's strong shipments of Halls due to the H1N1 flu season. Both of these were anticipated in our plan. In addition, there was heavy promotional spending and a major new product launch by a gum competitor in 2010. Looking ahead, we expect the business to regain momentum in Q1, with the launch of Trident Vitality and Strides SPARK, as well as continued strong growth in Dentyne. Now let's look at profitability. On a combined basis, our operating income margin in North America was 14.2%. Our Cadbury business posted strong operating income margin of 22.8%, driven by productivity gains and improved product mix. In our Kraft base business, OI margin declined to 13.5%. This was largely driven by timing. First, the increase in input costs outpaced pricing and productivity gains. And second, our merchandising and promotional programming was significantly more skewed to the fourth quarter this year versus the prior year. Looking forward, in the face of substantial input cost inflation, we're in the process of implementing another round of price increases in our North American portfolio. While this will pressure margins in the near term, we'll use a combination of pricing, productivity and overhead savings to improve margins for the full year. In Europe, combined organic revenues increased 1.6%, fueled by our Power Brands, which collectively grew 6% across the region. In our Kraft base business, momentum continued as organic revenues grew 2.2%, overall, driven by two points from vol/mix gains. Moreover, revenue growth was broad-based with increases in each of our key categories.  Chocolate grew low-single digits, driven by strong in-store marketing activities, promotional programs and new products. Toblerone and Milka each delivered high single-digit growth. Our Biscuit business grew, driven by the strength of our Power Brands, including double-digit gains by both Oreo and Belvita. Strong momentum in the chocobakery platform also drove vol/mix gains.  Weak economic conditions, particularly in Benelux and Southern Europe, and lower pricing partially offset these gains. Coffee grew low single digits, driven by pricing in response to higher input costs. On-demand market expansion and more brewer sales drove mid-teens growth in Tassimo. Cheese grew high single digits, primarily reflecting a successful marketing campaign and new product launches of Philadelphia. In our Cadbury business, organic net revenues were essentially flat. Solid growth in the U.K. was offset by weak gum and candy markets in Southern Europe. Operating income margins in Europe rose to 11.1% on a combined basis. This reflected productivity, overhead savings and improved product mix.  In our Kraft base business, OI margin improved by 160 basis points to 9.8%, while our Cadbury business also reported solid OI margin of 14.5% in the quarter. In Europe, as in North America, input costs are rising significantly, and we're pricing accordingly. In fact, we've already implemented or announced price increases in the large majority of our European portfolio. That said, in the fourth quarter, the contribution from pricing trailed input cost inflation, and we're in the process of implementing another round of price increases. Turning now to developing markets, combined organic net revenue increased 13.6%, fueled by 18% growth in our Power Brands. This was very strong growth even after adjusting for accounting calendar changes that added 3.7 percentage points. Increased market investments drove growth of 17.3% in the Kraft base business and strong share gains in priority markets and key categories.  In Latin America, organic revenues rose by more than 20%, propelled by strong gains in Brazil and the Andean countries. Power Brands grew more than 25%, led by Oreo, Club Social, Lacta and Tang.  In Asia Pacific, organic revenues grew 30% due to strong vol/mix gains in China, Indonesia and the Philippines. Power Brands, collectively, grew more than 50%, led by Oreo, Tiger Biskuat and Tang. And in CEEMA, key markets are improving, although market conditions remain weak. This region delivered organic revenue growth in the high single digits, led by gains in Ukraine, Russia and the Middle East. Power Brands collectively grew 8%, led by Tang and Milka.  In our Cadbury business, organic revenues rose a solid 6.7%, including a negative impact of 1.4 percentage points from normalizing trade inventories. Growth came from gains across all categories. Our operating income margin in developing markets was 12.6%. In our Kraft base business, profit margins rose to 11.9%, while OI margins in our Cadbury business were also strong at 13.9%. Overall, overhead leverage and pricing offset sharply higher input costs. Finally, I'd like to update you on our deleveraging plan, which is firmly on track. Over the past 12 months, our net debt has decreased by about $4 billion to $26.2 billion. A key enabler of this has been strong free cash flow from operations. Adjusting for the sale of the Pizza business, we generated about $3.3 billion in free cash flow. This reflected solid progress in working capital efficiency in the Kraft base business and a significant reduction in working capital in the Cadbury business. As a result, we've been able to take several important actions this year to reduce debt.  As we intended at the time of the deal, we paid back the acquisition bridge loan with proceeds from the sale of the North American Pizza business. We settled the $500 million August maturity with cash from operations, and we repurchased $1.5 billion in debt with cash from operations and short-term commercial paper.  Looking forward, we're on track to achieve a debt-to-EBITDA ratio approaching 3x within the next 12 months. With that, I'd like to turn the call back to Irene, who will discuss our outlook for 2011.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Tim. As you've seen, we delivered solid financial results in 2010, and we entered 2011 with broad-based momentum for three key reasons. First, we're firmly committed to continuing to invest behind our Power Brands, our innovation pipeline and revenue synergies from the Cadbury integration. These investments are critical to protecting our share and delivering long-term growth. In fact, we've just begun to scratch the surface on the approximately $1 billion in revenue synergies enabled by Cadbury. As expected, these synergies were modest in 2010, but they'll ramp up over the next three years.  Second, our Developing Market business continues to generate strong double-digit growth, and as a result of the Cadbury acquisition, it's an even greater part of our portfolio. So we're well-positioned to continue to capitalize on our larger footprint in this fast growing region. Third, we have strong cost savings programs. On our base business, productivity and overhead efficiencies will drive significant gains. These savings, along with the Cadbury synergies, will expand operating margin. At the same time, the operating environment continues to be challenging. Unemployment rates remain high. Consumer confidence is weak, and government austerity programs are planned in some markets. In the face of this consumer weakness, input costs continue to rise, and that will require additional pricing. That said, we remain cautiously optimistic, cautious about what we can't control, but optimistic about what we can. Cautious about the consumer environment, but highly optimistic about Kraft's market position and strong momentum.  Specifically, in 2011, we expect to deliver organic net revenue growth of more than 5% or approximately 4%, excluding the year-over-year impact of calendar changes. However, we're taking a more measured view at this time of the drivers of this growth, namely more pricing and less vol/mix. On the bottom line, we're targeting operating EPS growth of 11% to 13%. This guidance is higher than our long-term goal of 9% to 11%, but slightly less bullish than our previous target, reflecting our more conservative view of vol/mix. In sum, our business fundamentals are strong, with share gains across most categories and most markets.  Focused investments behind Power Brands in key categories are driving solid, sustainable growth. Cadbury is on track to be accretive in year 2. And in a challenging consumer environment, we're confident in our ability to deliver strong financial results in the top tier of our peer group.  Now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: First, I take it that, Tim, you're not going to frame the cost inflation for 2011? I know it's been a bit of a moving target, but you did give some numbers for 2010 in hindsight, can you better frame and see the percentages or dollars you expect in the coming year?
Timothy McLevish: Well, I'm not going to give specific numbers, Chris. But as we said, we saw probably close to $0.5 billion worth of escalation in the fourth quarter this year, and that wasn't fully reflected to the current prices as we closed out January. So we expect considerable additional in 2011. I would expect to see that input costs are up high single digits relative to 2010 in '11.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I realize there can always be a bit of a lag between pricing and cost inflation, and that's our job, to try and figure that out, but I guess, just looking ahead, you have a lot of price increases already in place. It sounds like you have more coming. Can you talk about maybe the percentage of the portfolio that's been priced or where we should expect to see even more pricing than what you've already put in place?
Timothy McLevish: I think we priced the better part of -- the large majority of the portfolio in Europe and well in excess of 50% in North America.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: I guess, first, a quick one is, I saw that the contribution of price mix this quarter decelerated from the third quarter. Even though I know you've been kind of taking pricing as the quarter went on, was that just the merchandising that was part of that in the fourth quarter?
Irene Rosenfeld: Actually, Andrew, it's mostly a function of timing versus the prior year. If you recall, Q4 2009 was rather light in terms of merchandising and promotion. As you recall, we had some challenges with one of our key customers. Q4 2010 was much heavier. We had some shift of programming from Q3 to Q4. And then of course, we had the return of our support year-over-year from one of our key customers. So the combination of those two led to somewhat of the deceleration that you see.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: And then I guess what I really like is if you could maybe compare and contrast a bit your efforts on managing the cost environment sort of this time around versus when you had to do it in 2008? I guess, we'd have weaker consumer I think, but you've invested a lot in your brands over the last couple of years. Are they in a better position in -- I guess, can you price more, less or the same of your cost increases you're facing versus '08? Or in other words, does more of your productivity in Cadbury saves sort of this time around need to be used to offset costs or less of them relative to last time?
Irene Rosenfeld: I actually think we're in a stronger position to be able to price. I do think it's a weaker environment then, a weaker consumer environment, particularly, in a number of the developed markets around the world. But I think we are in a much stronger position. Certainly, the fact of the investments that we've made in our brand franchises put us in a much, much stronger position. And it really makes our brands traffic builders for most of our retail partners. And so it's a key benefit for us to be able to work with them to be able to develop programming together that can help us to not only continue to grow our brands in our category, but also to be able to drive traffic through their stores. So in that sense, I think we're in a much stronger position to be able to talk about pricing. That said, we're not blindly pricing. We are certainly looking to bridge the price value impact of the pricing actions that we're taking. We have programs like we described, the Huddle up for Hunger (sic) [Huddle to Fight Hunger] program that really allowed us to get strong merchandising support and offer consumer value for a very important cause, in that case, hunger. We're looking at packaging options on a number of our businesses that will help us to somewhat mitigate the impact of the pricing action. But net-net, I think it's a weaker environment, overall, but I think our portfolio is in a much stronger position than it was before at that time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: On the last call, there were two issues that came up from my perspective. One was you just started to take pricing at the time the competition hadn't really priced yet, and you lost a little share. And then it didn't seem like private label had matched yet either, so I'd love an update there, either sequentially from 3Q to 4Q or how you feel so far in 2011? Then the second issue which had to do with sort of your revenue expectations for the fourth quarter, and I guess it does have an impact for 2011 was one of your largest customers. There was an issue about how fast they were kind of going to get things going again with a particular part of their store, and I'm just curious where we are there as well?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. Well, again, we took the pricing that we talked to you about in the third quarter. And as we told you at that time, we expected to see some dislocation between the pricing and the costs. And because we are the leaders in the vast majority of our categories, we found that we were leading pricing in most of those categories. But the reality is, we continue to see costs going up for everyone, and we expect that over the course of time, these price gaps will narrow. But we did not see any significant change in the fourth quarter in our price gaps versus key competition. So I feel very good about the strength of our brands and our ability to deliver value even in the face of a challenging economic environment. With respect to our key customer, our business is certainly improving. We feel very good about the performance, in general, and versus our competition. But I would tell you, it's still not where we needed to be, and we continue to work with them on marketing and merchandising ideas that would make sense for both of us. As an example, we're going to be running a Meal Solutions program in about two weeks that helps to drive traffic through their stores, enables them to merchandise a number of their center of aisle items. And so, I think it's coming back. We feel very good about the performance in the fourth quarter. We were up in the high single digits. But we still have, we believe, there's room for continued growth as we work together to not only deal with the consumer environment, but to help to drive store traffic.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Tim, on the cost inflation for 2011, just how much of it is locked in and how much of it isn't?
Timothy McLevish: Well if you know, we don't really talk about our hedge positions. But on balance, our policy is hedge until we can price and on balance there's -- there's typically about a quarter's worth of hedge positions. Now that varies across geography, because there are different dynamics with respect to the ability price. It also depends a fair amount on the commodity category. For instance, there's not a very deep market in Cheese, and therefore, we tend to be a little less hedged on Cheese. Meats, we tend to be a little bit shorter on. Some of the problem that we had in the fourth quarter is, some of the key ones that have less hedge positions ran up considerably in the quarter. But our hedged position is about typical what it usually is on an ongoing basis.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then, Irene, the organic sales growth was very good in the fourth quarter, and that was with the consumer weakness and with the pricing that you began to take to try to catch up with the inflation. So I guess, one, would you agree with that? Were the elasticities better than you thought and does that give you some more confidence in terms of pricing? And then, if you could just some color in terms of maybe Europe, U.S. and developing markets in terms of the ability to price there and what some of the dynamics are?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. We were very pleased with our fourth quarter results for a whole bunch of reasons. The aggregate results, we felt very good about. I feel particularly good about the composition of the revenue drivers. As we said, about 70% came from vol/mix, about 30% from pricing, so we feel very good about that balance. And as we look at what the drivers of that were, it was, again, I think, good management of our brands. And we talked a lot about our continued investment in the face of some of the economic challenges in a number of markets. We had a number of very strong programs, for example, in North America in the fourth quarter. We talked about this Huddle to Fight Hunger. We had new advertising on a number of our key franchises, Planters, Ritz, Triscuit, Chips Ahoy!, Mac & Cheese, a number of our Power Brands that really served us very, very well. And we have a nice roster of new products that we started to introduce in the fourth quarter, things like Oscar Mayer Carving Board, and we had some good new biscuit alternatives. So in general, we feel good about our ability, and that's really why I gave the answer I did to Andrew earlier, we feel good about our ability to take price in the face of some of these challenging economic conditions. As we think about Europe, I feel very good about the continued top line momentum, again, in the face of some of the challenging economic situation. And as you saw, we had some disproportionate results depending upon the various countries. But overall, we had a good balance of vol/mix and pricing. We've got broad-based business momentum. In our developing markets, we feel very good about our ability to continue to grow our Power Brands with the investments and despite the inflation. And so, overall, we feel quite good about the performance in the quarter, and we believe it bodes well for the momentum into 2011.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens of JPMorgan.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Tim, just on the North American unit, did you quantify how much -- I see the operating earnings were down there. Did I miss how much they were actually down? Can we get some measure on that?
Timothy McLevish: Yes, the earnings are down about $100 million versus last year in North America. I'll give you a rough rundown of that. We had favorable vol/mix of about -- contributed about $30 million to $35 million. We were unfavorable on the price-cost relationship to the tune of about $175 million. So our gross margins were depressed by the net of that. We spent a little bit more on A&C, as we continued to invest in our brands, but as I mentioned, we managed the overhead and it contributed about $50 million of favorability. So North America cost us about $0.04 in the quarter year-on-year.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And Irene, for you, clearly, it is a challenging year and, certainly, commodities have jumped ahead of where many people thought they would be. But in terms of the earnings guidance, as you indicated, it is short of kind of a more bullish posture. You attributed that, I guess, to the vol/mix, first of all. But if I could explore that just a little bit more, how about marketing? Where do you think marketing should be this year? Might you ramp that up? And perhaps, the commodity element out of it as well? I'm just trying to get a better sense of the caution there, I guess.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, I feel very good about our 2011 programming, and I think you'll have an opportunity to get a lot more visibility today at CAGNY. But as I look across our innovation pipeline, it's a strong pipeline. We've got strong support behind our items, and I think that'll be an important driver. We've got some good momentum on our Power Brands, as we've said, and I really feel quite confident. As I said, the impact of lesser contributions from vol/mix will have some impact on our earnings, but I feel quite confident that we have a number of levers that are going to enable us to deliver the guidance that we've laid out. We started off with the fact that Cadbury turns accretive in 2011. We will have lower interest expense from the retirement of our debt, and we've got very strong cost savings program that began to kick in, in the fourth quarter that will continue into 2011, coming from both procurement and as well as overhead efficiencies that should help us to drive the business. So I feel quite comfortable with the guidance that we're giving. That said, obviously, Easter is going to be in the second quarter this year, and so it'll make the comps difficult in the first quarter. But I'm quite comfortable by the first half, we will be on the trend that we've laid out.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow of Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: Just a couple of numbers on the guidance, Tim, I have you finishing the year with a 27% tax rate. Is the guidance for a higher tax rate in 2011? And then secondly, I have interest expense down about $100 million for 2011, am I pretty close on those two things?
Timothy McLevish: Tax rate, yes, Rob. We ended this year at 27.3%. You remember, we benefited by a change in the U.K. tax rate, and we had a settlement earlier in the year over the significant period of time back in 2002 to 2004 timeframe, and that drove our rate down. Next year, we would expect it to be right around 30%. And your number on interest is probably pretty close.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: And also on Starbucks, are you guiding to significantly lower earnings in this? Is that part of your guidance here on Starbucks? Because you're not shipping it anymore. And when will we -- and obviously you can't figure out when the proceeds are coming, but how are you going to treat that? Will it be discontinued at some point?
Timothy McLevish: Well, to start out, we still are shipping. We still have the business. Starbucks has notified us of their intent to take it back March 1. But as of right now, we're still fully shipping. We lost the first round of a preliminary injunction, but we have appealed that, and that will still be played out. We've asked for accelerated treatment so we will know before March 1, as to whether we will be granted that. We have not reflected any change to our guidance with any assumption that Starbucks businesses is willing to go away.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: So this guidance assumes a full year of Starbucks sales?
Timothy McLevish: Yes, it does.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: Isn't that a little aggressive, Tim?
Timothy McLevish: I mean quite frankly, at this point, nothing has really happened. We still have a contract with Starbucks. And I mean, they have notified their intent, and we would argue that we still have a contract in place. So at this point, I think it would be prudent to assume that they were going to continue. Should that change, certainly you'll know about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Diane Geissler of CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I just have a question on your top line guidance and if you've covered this, my apologies. But the 4% top line growth, you had two quarters now where you've had some pricing. Do you have a break on what your expectations are for 2011 on vol/mix versus pricing within the 4%?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, as we said, Diane, we exited this year about 2/3, about 70%, 30%. It will be likely the reverse, as we look at the environment in 2007 (sic) [2011]. So we expect about 2/3 of it coming from pricing, about 1/3 that will come from vol/mix.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: But you do expect volume growth in 2011?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, we do, and we believe we've got some very strong programming, as well as some very strong brands around the world, and we believe that, that together with our innovation pipeline and the revenue synergies that we will realize from the continued integration of Cadbury will drive that vol/mix performance.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And then I guess, just a follow-on question which touches on that topic. If you look at, in particular, some of these emerging markets where food inflation has been running at rates higher than the U.S. and other developed markets, what is the risk to your emerging market strategy, if there's some kind of continued government intervention to put the brake on growth there? I mean, is that something that concerns you? They'll just keep raising rates in China until growth slows and you have demand destruction? Is that something that concerns you?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I think we've done our best to take into account what we can see on the horizon. We certainly are working with the relevant governments around the world to ensure that we can adequately distribute our products at a fair price. But we have been quite pleased with the performance in our developing markets, and we are counting on continued contribution from that, as we look forward. We are taking a fairly conservative view in the revenue guidance that we had given. We've taken a fairly conservative view on all of our markets around the world. We've given out long-term targets for each of the key regions. We're expecting performance probably at the lower end of those ranges in each of the geographies, including our developing markets for that reason.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Can you remind me what your guidance is for the emerging market growth?
Irene Rosenfeld: 10 to 12 is the number that we had laid out there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research: A quick question on the U.S. Coffee business, we've seen, I guess, one of the major players step up its promotional activity quite substantially in the last month or so. Are you worried about the competitive dynamics in there? And clearly, volume growth is going to be important to you.
Irene Rosenfeld: Actually, I feel quite good about the performance of our Coffee business, both in the quarter and on the year. We gained share in mainstream. I think we're making excellent progress in improving margins in that business. So we feel quite good about the health of the business, and I think we've got a good set of planned stage for 2011.
Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research: And then on the U.K. Gum business, it looks as though from our consumer takeaway data or so, that's come down quite a bit right now right now. I'm assuming that U.K. Chocolate is quite strong, but has there been a change of strategy about the U.K. Gum business at the moment or is it just slower paces of new product introduction?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, I mean it's a relatively smaller business relative to most of our businesses in the key markets. The big strength of the U.K. this year, as you said, was Gum (sic) [Chocolate]. But a lot of that has to do with some of the overall economic factors. A lot of our strength in the U.K. has do with the strength of Chocolate. But we need to continue to take some actions to stimulate Gum in a number of key markets, but we did suffer some share erosion in the U.K.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: I wanted to explore the gross margin just a little bit further in the United States, or I suppose, North America. Tim, when you talked about this, I think in some answers to some prior questions, you mentioned the fact that certain elements, cheese and in certain meats that you just weren't able to hedge. Are those two segments, does that really account for the bulk of why fourth quarter deviated from your expectations and the margin came in lower?
Timothy McLevish: Yes, the three commodities that really ran up quite a lot in the quarter were Cheese, Meat and Coffee. And particularly, the first two. I mean, Cheese, we typically are much shorter on the hedges, just because of the availability of the hedge market. And again, Meat tends to be a pretty quick pass-through, but the quick pace that which it ran up, just left us always behind. So between Cheese and Meat, they were the big piece of the gross margin issue.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: In the past, we've noticed that the Oscar Mayer business really is a tremendous operation for you, in that you can pass prices through. Would it stand to reason then that the difficulty in the fourth quarter doesn't translate into the first quarter that by the time or really now, we should see full pass-through of the higher meat prices? Is that a fair statement?
Timothy McLevish: Yes, I would normally expect, unless we continue to see escalation. I mean we are caught up with the pricing, but if meat prices continue, they're a bit bouncy out there now. But if they continue back up, it would put us needing to price more.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: One final question on pricing in North America, just Biscuits, can you talk about your announced pricing actions, thus far, on the Biscuit operations?
Irene Rosenfeld: We don't want to get into specific categories, as you might imagine, David. But once again, we have taken a number of steps on our Biscuit business as well as a number of our other key franchises to address the price value and to ensure that we have the brand strength to be able to address the current commodity environment. We've got some innovative ideas like a fresh stack packaging format for Ritz, and Premium, for example, that allows us to sell fresher but smaller packages to help the out of pocket. We've gone some family sizes of Oreos and Chips Ahoy! So we're taking a number of actions in that business, as well as across the portfolio to help bridge the challenging price value environment. But we had a solid quarter in Biscuit, and I think we've got some good momentum on that business coming into the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Dickerson of Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I guess, I know you said before that your plan for fiscal year '11 was to spend back or I guess, in general, was to spend back about 25% of the cost savings in marketing. Has that changed?
Timothy McLevish: No, that's right. The synergies that we generate in 2011, we expect to spend back about 25%. That's correct. That has not changed.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: If we saw 25% of the cost synergies then coming through in fiscal '10, there really shouldn't be any net negative effect for fiscal '11. It's just a matter of timing, that's still flowing through into '11.
Timothy McLevish: Yes, that's correct. Our synergies will step up a little bit in '11 relative to '10. We're at 25% rate in 2010, and we expect to be at 70% in '11. If you were to quantify it, it's probably about $0.12 of growth synergies year-on-year improvement.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: And then maybe just a little bit more of a strategic question, just kind of what's happening in the marketplace with respect to retailers. I know, obviously, you just said before that, as you kind of increase your pricing, and you have more power within the stores, especially with Cadbury now that you want to partner with a retailer to help drive traffic. I mean, there are a lot of food companies who are saying this. I'm just curious, do you think that you may have any type of additional competitive advantage just because of the level of marketing that you expect to put behind your products in 2011 relative to competition?
Irene Rosenfeld: I believe so. I think, as we look at category after category, and the impact of our categories have on driving traffic, actually, in all of our markets around the world, I think it gives us a very strong position to have a conversation. Of course, you can imagine the retailers are no happier about driving costs than we are. But I think the opportunity for us, because we have a broad portfolio, we have very, very strong iconic brands for the consumer. It gives us the opportunity to have discussions with them about snacking solutions, about meal solutions, about Huddle for Hunger programs and those sorts of things, and I feel very good about continuing to leverage capabilities in the U.S. Our sales capabilities like wall-to-wall, which enable us then to merchandise a number of those products in stores. So I think we are bringing to our retailers preferred consumer brands. We have shown our ability to be able to help drive the category and drive traffic as a result of our marketing of those brands, and I think that will continue to be a strength of our selling force in the partnership.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Let's just assume, this is kind of a follow-up to Rob's question earlier, let's just assume that you do lose Starbucks. I think you've mentioned before that there is an agreement there, as long as you have Starbucks, you can't operate with any other global partner. If you were to lose Starbucks, would there be a different growth strategy that may potentially already kind of be in the works?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, Coffee is a $5 billion business for us globally. It's a core category of ours, and we are committed to it. Certainly, in the U.S., we continued to make significant investments in the business. As I mentioned a moment ago, we've seen good progress on our mainstream Coffee Business. We had a very strong year, and we remain committed to competing in the Premium segment. So clearly, we will continue to compete in the Premium segment, but we're not at liberty to discuss that any further as we sit here today.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: First, a quick follow-up on that Starbucks thing. If that happens, I would guess maybe $0.04 of earnings loss for the year if it happens March 1? I mean, can you give a sense of how much it could mean?
Timothy McLevish: Yes, there's a number of variables that will depend upon how it plays out. There is the direct loss of income. There is, with the proceeds that we've received and the timing thereof, and it would be dependent upon our alternative premium strategy. So Starbucks, that business today for us, your number is probably a little bit low in terms of the earnings of that business historically, but it's very dependent upon all of those factors.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: And just a separate question on the Gum category, I think your language was that there is cyclical weakness that has hit that category globally? I would have thought that there's some element of the category cycling a pretty robust period of innovation. Some have described it as historically so. And then a majority of the issue is that, and you're coming back and somewhat almost passively acknowledging that, that was the issue by saying you're coming back here in first quarter with some more energy behind the category that suggests that this is going to be a better year and not just subject to some macro conditions. I know it's probably tough to tease it all out, but what are your thoughts about hope from improvement this year?
Irene Rosenfeld: We are quite confident that we will see improvement in 2011. There's no question that Gum was hurt disproportionately, as I mentioned from the macroeconomic environment. It seems sort of a funny phenomenon, because it's a little pack of gum. But the facts are teenagers are the main users, and a lot of our sales come in convenience stores. And so it was hurt disproportionately, and particularly in markets like Southern Europe. It was a big factor in our results there. In addition, as you could imagine, there's a fair amount of spending came out of the category in the last 18 months or so, given some of the M&A activity. Cadbury, in the heat of battle, had pulled back. We talked a lot about that actually at that time. And so, we've been in the process of restoring the spending as well as ensuring that we have a strong innovation pipeline. And on both of those counts, I feel quite good about the program that we have in 2011. We've seen terrific results in a number of markets, even in Q4, as we started to reinvest behind the business in markets like Japan, where we were up double digits in the fourth quarter; markets like Brazil, where we had very strong performance; and even markets like South Africa, that were up double digits; and even markets like Russia, where we were still down, we were able to change the trend as a result of the investments. I feel quite confident that our investment in the category, together with what is a stronger pipeline at the start of the year, we've got Trident Vitality coming out. We've got Strides SPARK coming out, as well as we've got continued strength on brands like Dentyne in the U.S. and Clorets in Japan. So that's the reason we feel quite optimistic about the prospects in 2011, and we continue to see strong, long-term potential in the Gum and Candy categories.
Operator: The next question comes from Eric Serotta of Wells Fargo.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I wanted to touched briefly on the year-on-year comparison for the first quarter. You commented that gross margins would be under pressure in the first half, and you also commented on the Easter shift. I just want to make sure everyone is modeling this correctly. Are you expecting your earnings to be up or down or flat, as you look at the first quarter and the first half?
Timothy McLevish: Yes, we would expect that year-on-year, remember we had a pretty strong quarter first quarter of last year, relatively, both the Easter shift and the margin pressures in the strong quarter last year. We'd expect probably EPS to be down a couple of cents. As we get that to the half and Easter normalizes, and we start to pick up a little margin, we would expect probably to be on a cent-per-share basis, about similar to what it was the first half.
Christopher Jakubik: So Eric, if I can kind of build on that, if you think about the earning seasonality across the quarters, 2010 was quite a bit different in that a large portion of our earnings and earnings growth was in the first half of the year as opposed to the second half of the year. As you roll forward, keep in mind, on Q1, not only do you have the Easter shift, but you're going to have the full impact of the interest and shares outstanding from the Cadbury deal impact Q1 as well. So you kind of put it all together, you'll probably see a much more normalized distribution of earnings across quarters this year. But because of the comparison, you may see we'll be down couple of pennies in the first quarter, but then you build from there.
Timothy McLevish: In terms of the quarterly distribution, go back to kind of historical norms in that 2010 was the anomaly.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And it looks like you're reaching your deleveraging targets ahead of what we had anticipated, and I think ahead of your schedules as well. About getting to approximately 3x debt-to-EBITDA ratio a year from now, could you talk a bit about uses of cash once you get to that point? And are acquisitions potentially on the table? I know that back in September, Irene, you made the comment that large acquisitions were not on the table for the foreseeable future, given the Cadbury integration and the balance sheet. Could that perhaps have changed with the better-than-expected progress on both of those fronts?
Timothy McLevish: I'll repeat that. We're very pleased with our cash flow from 2010 and optimistic about 2011. We were very disciplined within the Kraft base business and frankly saw a bigger opportunity than, perhaps, what we had initially anticipated at Cadbury, as we bring particularly their working capital back into line. So we had a very strong cash-generation year. It enabled us to deleverage a bit ahead of the schedule. So we're continued to be pleased with that. We had said that we would be approaching the 3x number, which is the number we kind of target to support our credit rating in the next 12 or so months. We may be a little bit ahead of that, perhaps. And we'll evaluate at that time, the use of cash. I would say, we still, while we're making very good progress on the integration, as Irene laid out in her presentation, but there's still a lot of work to be done. That's our primary focus. So exploring acquisitions right now is probably not the top of our priority list. And we'll explore share repurchases and dividends when we get our ratios in line.
Christopher Jakubik: Operator, if we could have one more question. That would be great.
Operator: Your final question comes from Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: First, in terms of your 2011 revenue growth guidance, is there any revenue synergy numbers that you're assuming?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, as I mentioned, we're going to start ramping those synergies up. It's probably about 0.5 point in 2011, Judy.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then for earnings guidance, the 11% to 13%, I've got a little bit of a currency benefit in our model. Is there any currency impact that you're building in there?
Timothy McLevish: We're not anticipating any currency benefit in 2011.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then the extra week that you're benefiting from a sales perspective in 2011, is there any profit impact?
Timothy McLevish: No, we would expect that any profit that we generate, we would be spending back and investing in the future.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the floor back over to Mr. Jakubik for any closing remarks.
Christopher Jakubik: Thanks very much, everybody, for joining us. If any of the analysts have follow up questions, myself and Dexter Convoy [ph] will be around to take them. And for anybody from the media who has additional questions, Mike Mitchell will be available to take them. So thanks, everybody, and have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Christopher Jakubik - Timothy McLevish - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets Corporation
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Kraft Foods Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Kraft's management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Chris Jakubik, Vice President, Investor Relations for Kraft. Please go ahead, sir.
Christopher Jakubik: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and Tim McLevish, our Chief Financial Officer. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release. The release, along with today's slides, are available on our website, kraftfoodscompany.com. As you know, during this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. So please refer to the cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks will also include non-GAAP financial measures. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our news release and at the back of the slide presentation. So, let me now turn it over to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Chris, and good afternoon. First off, we had another good quarter in a challenging environment. Every geography delivered solid results. In North America, we posted sequential improvement in top line performance despite weak consumer demand and less merchandising activity than the prior year. In Europe, we delivered another quarter of solid revenue growth despite soft categories. We also continued to grow our margins and have sustained them in the low teens. In Developing Markets, further investment in our Power Brands and in priority markets again drove strong revenue growth in Asia Pacific and Latin America. Second, as we told you in August, we plan to reinvest our first half earnings upside to build a stronger foundation for future growth. And that's exactly what we did. We continued to increase our investments in advertising, including a double-digit increase in North America. This ensures that our brands are as strong as possible as the economy improves. We also normalized Cadbury's trade inventories in certain developing markets. And as expected, this tempered our top line growth. So overall, the third quarter played out essentially as we planned. A notable exception was at input costs, including dairy, coffee and cocoa, rose much more than we had expected. To offset these higher costs, we began to price in several categories and in several markets. This affected our results in two ways: Our top line growth was driven more by price and by vol/mix and there was some pressure on gross margins because price realization trailed the increase in input costs. The gross margin pressure we experienced in Q3 should ease, as price levels better align with input costs. The key take away is that the underlying momentum of our business remains strong. We're taking the necessary pricing actions despite a difficult consumer environment, as a testament to our strength in brand equities. And we continued to increase our advertising investments. This will further build our brands, stimulate our categories and position us well as the economy recovers. Let me now turn it over to Tim to discuss our third quarter results in more detail.
Timothy McLevish: Thanks, Irene, and Good afternoon. As Irene just mentioned, we're pleased with our third quarter results. They came in largely in line with our expectations. Now, let me provide some details. I'll start by discussing our top line, where pricing was the primary driver of organic revenue growth as we move quickly to offset higher input costs. Organic net revenues for the combined business grew 2.1% as focused investments drove continued growth in our Power Brands. In the Kraft base business, organic revenues increased 2.5%, including 2.3 points from pricing. In fact, net pricing was up in every one of our business units. In the Cadbury business, organic revenue growth was essentially flat, but in line with our expectations. This is due in part to our decision to normalize trade inventories in certain markets. Doing so reduced Cadbury's top line growth by about two points and reduced our combined revenue growth by approximately 1/2 of a percentage point. As you know, we're also comparing against the hard push by Cadbury in the second half of last year. Now turning to profit, on a combined basis, our operating income margin, excluding acquisition and integration costs, was 13.6%. In our Kraft base business, operating income margin fell by 50 basis points to 13.9%. This was entirely due to our stepped up advertising investment, which lowered margins by about 100 basis points. At the same time, we continue to make excellent progress in productivity and in reducing overhead costs. For the Cadbury business, margins were 12.4% in the quarter. This reflected stepped-up marketing investment and the impact of the trade inventory reductions we've already mentioned. Overall, we continue to demonstrate strong underlying momentum but clearly, there's more opportunity ahead. Turning to EPS, two key drivers affected the comparison of third quarter earnings year-on-year: A lower tax rate in 2009; and as we pointed out in August, we began to reinvest the $0.10 of earnings upside from the first half. Let me walk you through the bridge. Starting with Q3 of 2009, we earned $0.55, with $0.03 of that coming from the divested Pizza business. We also spent $0.01 on acquisition-related costs last year. So from a year ago base of $0.53, our operating EPS declined to $0.47. Our Kraft base business delivered $0.01 of operating gains, while covering approximately $0.05 from significantly increased advertising investments. Cadbury contributed $0.12 of operating earnings in the quarter and higher interest expense and the change in shares outstanding lowered EPS by $0.11. So as you can see, the decline in operating EPS can be accounted for by $0.06 of higher year-on-year taxes. This year-on-year increase in taxes was a function of timing, with greater benefits from discreet items in the prior year quarter. Below the operating EPS line, we incurred a net impact of $0.04 from integration program and acquisition-related costs, resulting in our reported EPS of $0.43. On a year-to-date basis, improved vol/mix, productivity and overhead cost savings have resulted in strong gains in operating earnings. We've done this while continuing to invest in our brands. And through the first nine months, we've earned $1.56, leaving us well-positioned to deliver our target of at least $2 for the year. I'll take a few minutes now to share highlights of our business results by geography. In North America, we continued to make progress in a very difficult environment. We delivered sequential improvement in top line growth. On a combined basis, organic net revenues were up 1% compared with a decline of 1.3% in the second quarter of this year. We continued to invest more behind our Power Brands and they responded by growing 3% in the quarter. Chips Ahoy!, Belvita and Kraft's Mac and Cheese, for example, grew double digits; while Ritz, Starbucks and Oscar Mayer Deli Fresh grew high single digits. This solid progress, however, was partially offset by three things: First, soft categories and less merchandising especially in our Snacks business; second, tough comps, particularly in our Cadbury business. While Stride and Dentyne Gum delivered strong growth, we were up against last year's highly successful launch of Trident Layers, as well as strong shipments of Halls, as customers stocked up in anticipation of an H1N1 flu season. And third, while pricing in response to higher input cost was a key driver of our top line growth, we did see some pressure in vol/mix. However, as we looked forward, we have solid programming in place and we anticipate more merchandising activity. Therefore, we expect further sequential improvement in organic growth across our North American portfolio in the fourth quarter. Now let's look at profitability. On a combined basis, our operating income margin in North America was 17.3%. In our Kraft base business, OI margin declined to 16.9%. This is due primarily to a double-digit increase in advertising. These brand building investments were funded by continuing benefits from productivity and overhead cost reductions. While input costs spiked in the quarter, we moved quickly to price accordingly. In fact, we've implemented or announced price increases in about 40% of our North American portfolio. However, price realization will lag higher input costs at least in the short term. Our Cadbury business posted strong operating income margins of 22.9%. Productivity gains and improved product mix were partially offset by higher spending behind new products. In Europe, combined organic revenues increased 1.1%, fueled by our Power Brands, which collectively grew 3%. Across our Kraft base business, organic revenues grew 1.7% as vol/mix gains resulted from increased focus and marketing support. The results were mixed across categories. Coffee and Cheese both grew mid-single digits. Jacobs, Hardwire, Kenco and Tassimo drove solid vol/mix gains in coffee and new product launches and a successful marketing campaign produced continued growth in PHILADELPHIA Cream Cheese. Chocolate revenues were flat. Continued strength of Freia and Marabou in Scandinavia was offset by weak category performance in other parts of Europe. In biscuits, revenues declined slightly. Strong growth in Power Brands, including Oreo and Belvita was offset by the timing of promotional activity and weak category performance. In our Cadbury business, organic net revenues declined by 0.4%. Soft markets in Continental Europe, especially in gum, offset solid growth in Britain and Ireland. Despite this, Cadbury brands are holding or gaining share across Europe. Operating income margins in Europe rose to 12.4% on a combined basis. In our Kraft base business, OI margins improved by 140 basis points to 11.6%. This reflected continued productivity gains and lower overheads. Advertising spending for the quarter was down in this region due to the timing of programming. I would note, however, that it's up on a year-to-date basis. In addition, we shifted some A&C spending from the base Kraft business to Cadbury. Our Cadbury business also made a solid profit contribution in the quarter. Product mix improved and we continued to realize the benefits of supply chain efficiencies. As in North America, input costs are rising significantly and we're pricing accordingly. In fact, we've taken pricing or announced price increases on more than half of our European portfolio. Turning now to Developing Markets, combined organic net revenue increased 4.8%. This was fueled by the continuing strength of our Power Brands, which were up 12%. This drove double-digit growth in both Asia Pacific and Latin America. In contrast to North America and Europe, however, we're seeing a sequentially smaller contribution from pricing in this region because inflation is now lower in many countries. In our Kraft base business, organic revenues grew 7.4%. Specifically, in Asia Pacific, China and Indonesia led the way. And Power Brands grew more than 30% propelled by Tang powdered beverage and Oreo cookies. And in Latin America, Power Brands grew 18% led by Oreo and Club Social biscuits and Lacta chocolate. These gains were partially offset by weak economic conditions and category trends in CEEMA. Despite this, we improved market shares in most markets. In our Cadbury business, organic revenues rose just 0.7%. This was expected as our actions to normalize trade inventories reduced Cadbury's growth by about four percentage points. Cadbury growth was also tempered by weakness in the gum category due to weak economic conditions. Our operating income margin in developing markets was 12.7%. Our base business profit margins declined to 13.1% as we stepped up advertising investments across the region. These investments more than offset gains in vol/mix and overhead leverage. Profit performance in our Cadbury business also reflected incremental advertising, as well as the impact of normalizing trade inventories. So in sum, we delivered solid top and bottom line performance in every geography behind our Power Brands. Now, I'd like to turn the call back to Irene, who will discuss our outlook and provide an update on the Cadbury operation.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Tim. As we move to the fourth quarter, despite the economic challenges, we anticipate a sequential increase in top line growth and we're well-positioned to deliver combined organic revenue growth of 3% to 4% for the full year. This is a solid base from which we'll generate top-tier growth in 2011 and beyond. As we've said, pricing will contribute more to our revenue growth than we anticipated at the start of the year. To backstop the pricing, we have solid Q4 programming in place, particularly in North America and Europe, which will accelerate growth and deliver our revenue guidance for the year. On the bottom line, as Tim said, we expect to deliver operating EPS of at least $2. At the same time, we'll fund increased A&C from about 7.5% last year to about 8% of net revenues in 2010. Turning to the Cadbury integration, it continues to proceed smoothly. We are on track to generate cost synergies of at least $750 million in annual savings, about 15% of which will come this year. We're also on track to greatly improve our earnings growth trajectory. We're integrating Cadbury and driving the substantial savings and growth opportunities now available to us. As a result, our combined operating EPS by 2012 will surpass considerably what we could have achieved on our own. And we remain confident in our ability to deliver significantly higher long-term earnings growth of 9% to 11%. So to sum up, our fly wheel is turning and we're benefiting from a virtuous cycle of growth and focused reinvestment. We're setting growth objectives off a solid base. We're managing input costs by maintaining strong brand equities and pricing accordingly. We're driving gains in volume and mix through focused investments in Power Brands and key markets. We're driving productivity and reducing overhead cost to expand margins. And we're reinvesting a portion of our earnings upside to further strengthen our brands and lay an even stronger foundation for top-tier performance in 2011. Now, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: If I could just ask a question around the input environment as well as the pricing environment. I guess, as we think back to the last time all this took place, prices went up and if I remember correctly, there was a lot of volume mix and share issues in the heritage Kraft business. And it looked like that's starting a little bit here. How confident are you really that you can shore that up so quickly?
Timothy McLevish: Vincent, there's no question there was rapid acceleration of many or most of our input costs, starting late in the second quarter and into the third quarter. One fundamental difference between last time that's happened and this time is that our brands are much stronger than they were last time. At last time, we were a bit reluctant because of the relatively weak brand equities to price aggressively. We've come out of the chute and quickly responded with pricing. We're entering that into a generally weak consumer environment but so far, we're quite pleased with the reaction from our customers, direct customers, retail partners and the consumer responses has been okay as well.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: On the adapter pricing in Cheese, is that still the plan? And then also obviously, I think, the other thing that's different from this time versus last time is there's a lot more promotional spending going on and are you seeing your competitors act rationally from a promotional spending perspective as you take pricing? Are they following you? Is private label following you?
Irene Rosenfeld: We feel very good that our adaptive pricing is working. I think it's particularly important in an environment of volatile commodity costs. And so being able to price closer to the market I think is serving us well and I think we feel better about our Cheese business than we have in a long time. So we feel pretty good about that. Generally speaking, we have price, as Tim said, we moved rather quickly to be able to address the escalating input costs. We haven't, generally speaking, we have not yet seen much from our competition and I think that's one of the reasons that our volume mix in the quarter was a little bit softer. But the reality is, costs are going up for everyone and we would expect that price gaps will narrow as the quarter progresses, as the fourth quarter progresses.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Irene, a couple of things. One, on some of the pricing moves you're taking, you mentioned quite a bit of pricing on some of the pass-through categories that are larger for you, weather it be coffee, cheese and what have you. Have you taken any pricing actions or even prospectively taken some that may not have flowed through results yet in some of the sort of core, non pass-through sort of categories, whether that be biscuits or dressings, things of that nature?
Irene Rosenfeld: The answer is yes. I mean, we've priced pretty broadly across our categories and it's a combination of what you would call pass-through and others, not all of which has flowed through the P&L at this point. But as you can see in the contribution of pricing to our vol/mix performance to our revenue performance in the quarter, you can see the impact of much of the pricing so far.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: In light of that, as you think out to the fourth quarter and more importantly really in 2011, the ongoing algorithm to get to sort of your organic top line growth rate is typically I think you say 2/3 volume and the third sort of price mix. And I assume a more normalized sort of environment. Is that still the case do you think for the fourth quarter or next year or should we really expect in light of some of the pricing moves that you've taken and are going to take that, that kind of turns on its head a little bit and becomes maybe it's 2/3 price, 1/3 volume. How should we think about that?
Irene Rosenfeld: I think the dislocation was particularly acute in this quarter so I think without a doubt, we certainly stand behind the belief that the long-term profile will be an equal mix, a balanced mix of vol/mix and pricing. I think you'll start to see some of that play through in the fourth quarter and certainly into 2011.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: The fact that it was more acute this quarter, particularly with all the brand spending that you've done over the last three years, I guess, were you surprised that the brands didn't maybe, particularly in North America hold up somewhat better on the volume side with some of this pricing or was it really just that you led in a lot of areas and the hope and expectation is that clearly given the pressure everyone is facing, you're going to see everyone else kind of come on board and ultimately volume looks a little bit less sort of down less significantly?
Irene Rosenfeld: No. I think as we said earlier, we moved a little more quickly than others in the market and as we saw input costs going up but the reality is those costs are going up for everyone and so we would expect to see a narrowing of those gaps over the coming weeks and months and I think that will be beneficial to our vol/mix in many categories.
Timothy McLevish: I'd also point out that in the third quarter, we had difficult comps from last year. As I commented, we were comping against the Trident Layers launch. The strong Halls season with the H1N1 build in the retail trade. As we go into the fourth quarter and I'm sorry, the third quarter also was late in the quarter we kind of lapped the merchandising issue that we've talked about for the last several quarters at one of our major retail customers. So going to the fourth quarter, we will have much better comps and therefore, the year-on-year improvement in vol/mix we would expect to see.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: These headlines seem to be streaming across as we speak is just this decision I guess, by Starbucks to end the retail distribution in coffee, with Kraft. Perhaps you can just fill us in a little bit on how significant that is, maybe what led to that and sort of what the broader context of that is?
Timothy McLevish: I'll start by giving a little context. We've had a strong partnership with Starbucks for the retail distribution of the Starbucks and Seattle's Best coffee for the last 12 years since about 1998. We've built that business along with Starbucks from a small $50 million compounded annual growth rate on top line of in excess of 20% per year. Today, it's around a $500 million business. We think both parties have been well served by our partnership. Starbucks is, as you perhaps know, in recent times has expressed their desire to control their strategic brands. And we have had some discussions in recent weeks to that effect. They have not officially or formally announced their intent to dismantle the agreement. But we have had some discussions. The effect that -- as we get in, we can't just point or speculate exactly how that may happen or when that might happen. But again, we respect their decision to consider ending the agreements and we'll inform you as more developments come to pass.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: I think they're, I guess, talking about it on their conference call I think perhaps as we speak, and that's where this is all coming from. And to the extent that does happen, is that sort of inclusive in the way you're thinking about 2011 from a top and bottom line perspective? Or would that meaningfully change the algorithm?
Timothy McLevish: Andrew, it's really premature. We again, we have not been in formal conversations again with a deep and broad partnership over the years. We have regular discussions on a variety of topics. We know that this has been on their minds but we haven't entered into any specific conversations about the when, the why or the how. So it will be premature to speculate as to the impact it may have.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow of Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: I have a follow up on the Starbucks question, most licensing agreements I would imagine, it's within the power of the licensor to decide whether or not the contract can be broken. I think General Mills has that in yogurt. Is this a different type of contract? I guess, does Starbucks always have the right to exit this contract or do you have any kind of recourse?
Timothy McLevish: Well, we really don't want to get into the specifics of the contractual relationship we have with them. It is a perpetual agreement and they do preserve some rights. But again, until we get into specific conversations with them, we would prefer to reserve comment.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: For next year, midteens EPS growth would be kind of the most robust EPS growth that Kraft has delivered. And I'm just wondering, given what you've seen this year in the environment, consumer environment and also the fact that North America, it seems pretty clear and I listened to Tony Vernon very carefully that it's pretty early culturally at North America. They're not totally staffed the way they want to be yet, maybe the marketing ideas aren't all there yet. Is it too soon to grow at this pace, 15% EPS given that maybe that half of the business is still kind of in the early stages of a cultural turnaround?
Irene Rosenfeld: Rob, I would say we still stand behind our commitment to midteens growth in 2010 on top of this year's earnings of at least $2. The reality is, we have a lot of good stuff going on in the portfolio. There were some anomalies in our 2010 numbers that we've talked about and as we begin to restore some of our merchandising support, as we find ourselves ideally in a more stable commodity environment, I think there's a number of things together with the very significant cost focused programs that we've been involved in over the last couple of years in procurement, in manufacturing, in distribution, together with the synergies that come from the combination with Cadbury. So I would say as we look at the overall profile, the growth profile of the portfolio from a category standpoint, from a geographic footprint standpoint, together with the opportunities on the cost side, we feel quite comfortable with the forecast that we've laid out.
Timothy McLevish: I'll just elaborate on Irene's comment here. She picked up on the synergies, but you may recall the phasing of synergies. We've said that in 2011 we expect to realize 70% of $750 million of synergy on top of the 15% this year. So you can see the -- you can calculate the year-on-year difference will be a significant contributor to that growth in 2011.
Irene Rosenfeld: I think the last point I'd make is obvious, it should be clear to you we are doing everything we need to, to protect the business in the short term as well as stage it for the longer term. I want to underscore the fact that the investments that we have made and we are planning to continue to make are designed to ensure that this business is well-positioned for long-term growth. And so I feel very good about the profile of the portfolio, as well as the investments that we have made and will continue to make over the course of 2011.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens of JPMorgan.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I guess, if Rob is after conviction, I suppose I'm after a little bit more comfort for the fourth quarter. Because frankly, the organic growth rate came in a little bit lighter than I was expecting. Irene, what could you give us to give us a little bit more comfort around a better organic growth rate in the fourth quarter to get to your stated 3% to 4%?
Irene Rosenfeld: That's a good question, Terry. I would tell just to do the math, to deliver 3% to 4% for the year, given our year-to-date performance, we have to do at least 4% in the fourth quarter. I am quite confident that we will do that. I feel very good about our Q4 program. Tim talked about a number of the programs and I'm pretty comfortable that we should end up somewhere in the middle of that range. Obviously, exactly where we end up has a lot to do with how well the consumer responds to our programming, as well as the customer execution of our merchandising activities. But that's how you should feel quite comfortable, as we do, that we are clearly going to deliver the 3% to 4% ranges that we've targeted.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Kind of the same kind of the same thing applied to Europe. The growth rates there were a bit slower than I expected. Were they slower than you expected or had you expected a little bit of that deceleration from what we saw in Q2?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. We actually -- the European performance was very much in line with our expectations. I think they're going to have a very strong year and we feel very good about their performance, not only on the top line but we are very comfortably in the 12% double-digit margin range and they continue to make excellent progress on their margin expansion. So I think that business has good underlying momentum. Without a doubt, some geographic challenges given the economic situation but I think they've done an excellent job of managing through it.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Our guys at [indiscernible] now are beginning to get worried with grain prices going up and they had forecasted dropping milk and cheese prices next year. If we get into a bad situation there, is there anything you can do to kind of protect yourself ahead of time if cheese prices get a little wacky in 2011?
Timothy McLevish: Well, you know, most of our input costs, our major commodity input cost, we have a very active hedging program. As a major player in this industry, we have a pretty robust kind of a forecasting group that stays apprised of all of the developments and crop cycles and those sorts of things. So we have some visibility into what an expectation is directionally and we have a very active hedging program. But the most important thing is I mean, the hedging is only there until we're able to price. And so our expectation is with continued investment, the continued strength in brand equities, that we'll be able to price to offset any future changes in input costs.
Operator: Your next question comes from Diane Geissler of CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I just wanted to ask about your goal that you stated at your Analyst Day, the $1 billion in revenue synergies. It sounds like from your commentary today that you feel like you've cleaned up the issue with regard to some of the excess inventory in the channel in the Developing Markets. Could you just talk about your expectations for the $1 billion over the next three years, how you expect that to flow and even if you can give us some guidance on maybe through 2011, is that more back end loaded? Could you just talk about that a little?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. First of all, what we've laid out there was about $1 billion of revenue synergies that we think about half of that would come from route to market putting, legacy Kraft products to the Cadbury infrastructure and vice versa. About a third of it comes from brand extension, simply taking some of the ideas on Cadbury, bringing it to Kraft products and vice versa. And the rest of it comes from bringing products like dairy milk to new markets that they are distributed in today. The opportunity though -- first of all, the profit benefit of that will come a little bit later because most of those opportunities will require some investment. So when we talk about the $750 million of synergy, that is in cost synergy. We've not made a lot of assumptions in the near term of profit coming off of the revenue. But the top line benefit will come, at the very least, in late 2011 into 2012 and beyond. So it's going to take us a while to get some of those opportunities jump started to complete our integration et cetera.
Timothy McLevish: So you'll begin seeing next year the benefits on the top line but you won't see any bottom line benefits playing out until probably 2012, 2013. What profits we do generate next year will just plow into building the next year's worth of top line growth.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: What I'm hearing, I just want to clarify, is more of a benefit towards the back end of 2011 and that's really contingent upon contingent integration of the two entities in the first half of 2011?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. But again, I think it's back half into 2012. We really -- the real benefit from revenue synergies will really start to impact our top line more meaningfully beginning in 2012.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I guess to hit the 5% revenue target you have for 2011, it's really the base business itself?
Timothy McLevish: Base business and we will pick up some of the revenue synergies in the back half of the year as Irene just mentioned. The other thing I think that's important to point out is as you know, every seven years or so in this industry, there is a 53rd week. And so 2011 represents that year that we will have a 53rd week. If you do the simple arithmetic, it would suggest you have about 2%. The reality of it is you're adding a couple of, you're adding a week of the year between Christmas and New Year but we would expect that it's a 1% or 1.5% worth of benefits associated with the kind of calendar change in the associated 53rd week.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Can you help me with the tax rate for 2010, what are your expectations there?
Timothy McLevish: Yes. I mean, it's pretty consistent. Earlier in the year, we started out with an expectation that was going to be a little bit above 30% in the second quarter, with some discreet items, some settlements and some audits and so forth. We dropped that a little bit below 30% and we don't have an update. We would still expect it to be, the rate this quarter benefited by some discrete items but that's reflected in our under 30% tax rate expectation for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: A couple of points of clarification. First, Tim, on I guess, just your response to Diane's question just now. Does at least 5% organic revenue growth next year include the 53rd week? Or is that excluding the 53rd week?
Timothy McLevish: No, it's including the 53rd week. We will pick up a point or a point and a half. We've got some 53rd week and some other miscellaneous calendar changes and that would represent somewhere between 1% and 1.5%. That's included in our 5% plus.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: So then it would be on an equal week basis, it would be 3.5% to 4% organic growth?
Timothy McLevish: That would be fair, yes.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then in the quarter, two items, there was a reversal I think of an accrual, a $9 million reversal of a restructuring accrual and also, looks like -- were pension expenses also higher in the quarter? Can you just kind of talk through that and also whether or not there will be more of that in the fourth quarter?
Timothy McLevish: The pension expenses were no higher in the third quarter than in prior quarters. Typically, we'll determine the pension expense for the year based upon the assets and liabilities positioned at this kind of rate, et cetera, the end of the prior year. So there wouldn't be any changes in the course of the year. There were some miscellaneous cleanups of accruals and so forth that happened in the quarter that oftentimes do but it's nothing material to worry about.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Feeney of Janney.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I just wanted to dig in a little bit on -- for next year, maybe this is a nitpicky question for Tim, but it seems like the -- what would Kraft base businesses trends have been on a two-year basis, reflected in that guidance? Because I see $750 million in cost synergies and I guess, I don't see a lot of other sort of earnings growth for the base business relative to that plan. Could you kind of talk a little bit about that? What roughly would that have been?
Timothy McLevish: Well, I think I'm picking up on the answer to your question. The $750 million of cost synergies we've identified relative to the Cadbury integration, we've said that 15% of that or so we would realize this year. We're tracking on that or ahead of that. We said that we would, in 2011, be at a 70% run rate. The differential would be 55%. So you're talking about say, $400 million worth of year-on-year increase attributable to the synergies. That's probably half of the growth that we're expecting to see based upon our midteens growth. So the rest of it is base business growth.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Actually, let me be a little bit more clear. You did $2.02 in fiscal '09 before acquiring Cadbury. So if you took out $0.05 for the Pizza business, that would get you to $1.97. $750 million on a tax adjusted basis, I'm getting to something like, in aggregate, about $0.26 and if you do what you just said you're going to do, you're going to be doing about $2.30 to $2.40-ish so that would give me like $0.10 of EPS growth on a two year basis for the base business. Is that about right?
Timothy McLevish: You're taking it back to 2009, '09 to '10 to '11. I mean, there's a variety -- we've kind of walked through a bridge earlier in the year when we set out the guidance of 2009 to 2010 and we kind of showed how we kind of went from $2 to remain at $2 for the year with a variety of factors, including a fair amount of investment back with some of the synergies and building on some of the brand investments.
Christopher Jakubik: Jon, I think in terms of how you're doing your math, I think you're dropping 100% of the synergies. What we've said when we laid out the kind of the program, we said that you've got integration synergy of $750 million but we also said at the same time, we'd probably reinvest about 25% of that back into the business. So I think you've got to be a little careful in terms of how you're doing your math and how you're doing your attribution.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: That makes sense. I guess the one follow-up I then have is as far as the -- what kind of signposts would you say like six months out from now? Because I certainly get how you get to the numbers and I understand it's been a surprising cost push environment but would you expect with the stronger brand to brand investments you're making, where would that return on that investment sort of manifest itself? Would you expect to have like 2% or 3% volume by mid-next year or what would you point to, to say that here's where we're getting the real return on that increase in advertising spending?
Irene Rosenfeld: I think what you should look for is sequential improvement in top line, which as we've suggested to you, you would begin to see this year in the North America, which has been one of our challenges. You are seeing that in the third quarter and it will continue into the fourth quarter. And you'll also see a better combination and contribution of pricing and vol/mix to revenue growth. And so as we've said, as we get into a more normalized environment and we get most of the pricing behind us, we should see a better balance between pricing and vol/mix. And those would be the signposts I'd look for together with continued progress on margins for all the reasons that we've laid out.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi Investments.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: I want to focus on pricing, specifically on coffee, but this has nothing to do with Starbucks. Coffee has hit a 13-year high and you and your competitors have all announced price increases. How are consumers responding to the August price hikes? And then I would note that recent Nielsen data was showing that volumes were slowing year on year even before the price hike. So assuming that they're fully implemented, are you actually seeing material volume degradation? Or do you expect to?
Irene Rosenfeld: I think most of our coffee franchises actually did quite well in the quarter. So we did see one of our businesses, our Maxwell House business, we shifted some of our promotional timing and so you'd see that would've had some impact on our third quarter results. That will come back in the fourth quarter. There's no question as we take pricing, there is a consumer response. It takes a while to adjust to the new price levels. But we see nothing in the marketplace that would suggest that it's going to be an issue for us as we go forward.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: And Irene, just a follow-up, coffee is a tough category for me to look at because there's somewhat of an addiction to the product, first off. And secondly, I think consumers might be somewhat trained to having very volatile prices. So I was just looking for any color on the elasticities that you expect. And then the 13-year high stuff just caused me to be a little bit worried.
Timothy McLevish: I think over time that you have seen a fair amount of volatility and it is pretty much as a pass-through category and the consumers I think are conditioned to that volatility in price. So I think there is pretty good price elasticity.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: You really don't sound too worried about that one. Can you make one comment on the rate of inflation for 2011? What is your expectation at this point?
Timothy McLevish: Yes, we're not going to provide specific guidance on inflation at this point. We believe the nature of our business and the strengthening of our brand. We're able to respond to economic environments and cost environments and we feel pretty comfortable with that.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Will you do so in the fourth quarter conference call?
Timothy McLevish: When we give 2011 guidance, we'll give you specifics on our expectations for Kraft but we really don't forecast GDPs, inflation rates, et cetera.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Aaron of RBC Capital.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: I just wanted to ask a follow up on the pricing environment in the third quarter. I'm just trying to understand what really changed so quickly in terms of the pricing for the quarter? I understand that the commodity has obviously moved quickly but you kind of indicated last quarter that you felt compelled to get maybe more aggressive in the quarter to defend share in response to what some of your competitors were doing. So it is not entirely intuitive to me why you would be moving actually faster than your peers seem to be.
Irene Rosenfeld: I guess, I would like to distinguish Ed between list pricing changes and promotional changes. We were very clear in our second quarter call and I would say we remain committed to the fact that we are making significant investments in the equity of our brands and we are not inclined to play around with short-term promotional pricing that doesn't really have a benefit for the long-term health of the business. So we still feel that way. The reality is, in many cases, we were looking at costs that were up 20% and 30% versus the prior year and they're just significant and we feel if we intend to continue to make the necessary investments in supporting our brand and introducing new products, we need to make sure that we're able to cover those costs.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And just on the 2011 outlook, I guess, I'm accustomed to thinking about organic growth as excluding any differences in the number of weeks. Is there a fundamental reason why you wouldn't be comfortable with the 5% plus organic growth number on a kind of a comparable weak basis next year in line with your stated algorithm?
Timothy McLevish: Yes, I think with the recent integration of that, we feel very strongly that on a going forward basis, when we build our markets and so forth with the Cadbury and we get the full integration down and so forth, that our portfolio will come in. The five plus with the fragility of the consumer, with the high inflation we just talked about, with still a pretty early integration of the Cadbury. We're not quite ready to step up to the full five plus percent that we expect the portfolio to deliver on a going forward basis. But again, we get the benefit of an extra shortened week in 2011. So that 5% plus including that extra week is the right growth for us.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: The first one, in relation to your sales growth targets for this year, you have a range of 3% to 4%. You've talked about the recovery at Wal-Mart, at one of your key customers. I just want to get maybe an update on how that's going, whether it's actionality or your merchandising efforts there overall. To me, in walking the stores, it sure looks like you've picked up there quite a bit in terms of activity.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, we certainly feel that in a number of their stores, we are beginning to see some of the merchandising come back. We've been working very actively with Wal-Mart to put back merchandising, particularly on products like our Snacks products and some of our Grocery products that are particularly sensitive to the merchandising support. And as a result, we do expect to see sequential improvement in the fourth quarter versus the growth in the third quarter. The reality though is given the speed with which some of this is being executed and some of what's going on in the economic environment, I think the reality is that we're unlikely to see the full impact of those changes until next year.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Is it still a swing factor for your revenue growth this year?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, it is.
Timothy McLevish: It's kind of the difference when Irene pointed out kind of somewhere in the mid-threes or the middle part of that range. That was kind of the swing factor to determine where in that range.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then do you still have further inventory change to make at Cadbury? Those are all complete as of this quarter?
Timothy McLevish: We have a little bit more to go in the fourth quarter. We're 2/3 to 3/4 finished with it but the other 25%, 30% will come in the fourth quarter, then we'll be finished.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: On Cadbury, it's surprising to see it as a drag to your revenue or a slower revenue growth versus base Kraft. I know there are some reasons for that. I guess, what I'm trying to understand that going forward, is it innovation, is it marketing? What are the things that are going to help you drive stronger revenue growth at Cadbury?
Irene Rosenfeld: Let me say first of all, we continue to feel terrific about the Cadbury acquisition. It will have and is already having the transformational impact on our portfolio that we had hoped it would have. If you recall, their plan was front half loaded, reflecting a number of factors. The first is as Tim referenced, a number of the new product launches, Trident Layers, the reality of having a very strong set of shipments in advance of the flu season. And there was a fairly significant push that they made in the second half of 2009. So we had expected to see a stronger performance from the business front half versus back half. And then on top of it, we have to choose to normalize some of the inventories as we've described. The business is delivering exactly as we had expected. We've got some issues here and there. Gum is a little bit weaker in a number of markets in the world, but that is being offset by some chocolate strength in a number of markets in the world. So net-net, we feel very good about the acquisition and about the integration and I think some of what we're seeing in the third quarter and the back half of the year was to be expected.
Operator: The next question comes from Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Irene, the last time that the food manufacturers took up price being, you did see the element of consumers trading down to private-labels and as you think about the fragility of the consumers as you called out, this time around, I'm wondering what you think about sort of the potential for trading down as the prices go up at the consumer level?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I think the consumer is clearly sensitive to value. And I think the first point I would make is there's so much focus on price. What we are seeing in so many of our categories, it's much more about value and we have spent a lot of our investment money ensuring that our brands, that we have good, healthy brand equity and investing in our new product pipeline. And I think we are well-positioned to be able to support the higher levels of pricing. Without a doubt, there will be some pressure on our franchises but I think we are well-positioned and what we continue to see is that it is the third and fourth brands in the category that are being most impacted by the private label performance, not so much our brands and I think we will see that in the coming months.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Tim, I know you're not giving us the inflation number for next year but can you give us some perspective on your view of sort of what you think gross margins would do next year in terms of being flat, up or down? And then maybe more specifically, the phasing of gross margin. Because it sounds like you'll take pricing, but you may not catch up the cost until maybe the back half of next year. So are we looking at first half margins down and then picking up next year in the back half or how we should think about that?
Timothy McLevish: Well, we've given guidance for OI margins, that we will be midteens beginning 2011. That reflects continued growth of our margins. It's driven by cost productivity, overhead reductions, procurement efficiencies, et cetera, as well as the leverage from volume growth. I mean, my expectation is, I mean, we can't predict precisely what's another one to go out there and predict what's going to happen with input costs and so forth. But they are at a pretty high level. We are pricing to compensate for those currently. That will play out over the course of the fourth quarter and probably into the first quarter. So I would expect those to be covered. So I would expect a reasonably balanced over the course of the year, margin, maybe it will progressively improve some over the course of the year, just the normal seasonality, as well as allowing our productivity and overhead reductions to kick in. But from a gross margin standpoint, I would expect it to be pretty balanced over the year.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then the midteens earnings growth target for 2011 is on a currency neutral basis?
Timothy McLevish: I mean, it reflects kind of the current exchange rates as they exist today. If there is material change to that, we'll have to discuss it. But I thought I think we're able to manage that. Quite frankly, we have a very complex portfolio of currencies. So we are less impacted by just a decline in the value of the dollar or an appreciation of the dollar because we have a lot of our input costs. I mean, our manufacturing is usually in the local countries. We sourced some of our costs by virtue of sourcing of cocoa as denominated in pounds and coffee in dollars, et cetera. So we have a pretty balanced -- so we don't get as impacted by FX as one might assume.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So do you mean that at spot rates, there's pretty much neutral impact on 2011 from currency?
Timothy McLevish: Yes, I would say our midteens would reflect kind of currency exchange rates. On balance, this year, despite a fair amount of volatility in the value of the dollar and cross currencies, we have had $0.01 or $0.02 maybe of favorability for the year.
Operator: Your final question comes from Eric Serotta of Wells Fargo.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: First, if we could just beat the horse dead in terms of pricing and elasticity, it seems to me that the 3% pricing in North America with the 2% volume trade-off was actually pretty good. It seems only going back a quarter or so that food companies were showing pricing down a couple of percentage points and volume down a couple of percentage points. Is that how you're looking at it or is this largely in line with your elasticity models?
Irene Rosenfeld: No, in fact, that's one of the reasons we feel quite good about the health of our brands. I'd also tell you certainly from a vol/mix standpoint, we had some tough comps a year ago. So I really think that as a result of all the investments that we have made in our brands over these last couple of years, it's playing through as in our ability to take pricing when we need to in response to rising cost, as well as our ability to continue to support the brand. So we were actually pleased with the sequential performance. We are not yet where we need to be in North America but I think we've been clear about what we see as the challenges and what we're doing about them.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: On a different subject, on Slide #6, it looks like Cadbury was actually about $0.01 accretive to EPS in the quarter and a couple of pennies dilutive for the year to date. I believe last quarter, you reiterated that Cadbury would be about $0.16 dilutive for the full year. Is Cadbury coming in much stronger than that? Or are you sticking by that $0.16 dilutive number because it doesn't really seem to make sense with your performance year-to-date.
Timothy McLevish: Cadbury is coming in about as expected and the dilution we would expect to be, about $0.16 for the year. What you're missing, and I apologize that by virtue of the proximity of the interest in the shares increase relative to the Cadbury operating income would seem to imply that they're directly related. But you may recall that we had the proceeds from the Pizza business that we said was going to benefit us by about $0.09. That is manifested in the shares outstanding dilution piece of it. And so consequently, you have to offset that element of it on the -- when you take your $0.12 and your $0.06 and your $0.05, you have to reflect that the shares would be the better part of $0.09 impact that. Actually on a year-to-date basis, Cadbury is $0.10 or $0.11 dilutive on the way to the $0.16 as we originally laid out.
Operator: This concludes the allotted time for today's question-and-answer session. I will now turn the floor back over to Mr. Chris Jakubik for any closing remarks.
Christopher Jakubik: Thanks, everybody for joining us today. For anybody who has further questions, Mike Mitchell will be around to take your questions from the media. And Dexter Condole [ph] and I will be around to take any follow-up questions from the analysts and investors. So thanks again for joining us, and we'll speak to you soon.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Christopher Jakubik -  Timothy McLevish - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Eric Larson - Soleil Securities Group, Inc. Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets Corporation
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Kraft Foods' Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Kraft's management and the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Chris Jakubik, Vice President, Investor Relations for Kraft. Please go ahead, sir.
Christopher Jakubik: Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us on our conference call. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and Tim McLevish, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release was sent out earlier today and is available on our website, kraftfoodscompany.com. We've also made available on our website a set of slides that we will refer to during our prepared remarks.  As you know, during this call we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today, so they contain an element of uncertainty. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. So please refer to the cautionary statement and risk factors contained in the company's 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more detailed explanation of the inherent limitations in such forward-looking statements.  Also, some of today's prepared remarks will include non-GAAP financial measures. And you can find the GAAP- to non-GAAP reconciliations within our news release. We'll start today with Irene, who will provide a brief overview. Then Tim will present highlights from our second quarter results. Irene will then conclude with an update on the Cadbury integration and discuss our outlook for the year. Following that, we'll take your questions. So I'll now turn it over to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Chris, and good afternoon. As you've heard from so many companies, the global economy is tough. And the consumer environment continues to be weak in many markets. Nonetheless, we reported strong second quarter earnings. Our bottom line was high quality, driven by gross margin expansion from volume/mix and productivity as well as overhead savings. Our top line performance, however, was mixed, primarily due to softness in the United States. Our U.S. top line continued to be affected by two things: greatly reduced merchandising support from a key customer, which we foreshadowed in the first quarter; and a significant step-up in promotional activity in a few categories.  We have solid plans in place to address these issues. And that will result in sequential improvement in top line results in the second half. However, I'm very pleased with the ongoing strength in Europe and developing markets. We expect our earnings momentum to continue in the second half. This momentum will enable us to invest in the business, while still delivering at least $2 in operating EPS. These incremental investments will restore growth in North America and fuel top line momentum internationally.  Let me now turn it over to Tim to discuss the second quarter results in more detail.
Timothy McLevish: Thanks, Irene, and good afternoon. Let me start by discussing our top line, which as Irene mentioned, was a somewhat mixed performance from our perspective. Organic net revenue growth of the combined business was 2.2%. The Kraft Foods base business grew 2%. Continued focus on investments in priority brands, categories and markets drove 2.2 points of all mixed gains, while pricing was slightly negative.  In Europe and developing markets, we delivered strong volume/mix, but in the U.S, we continue to have headwinds, including a weak consumer environment, significantly lower merchandising levels and aggressive promotional activity in a few categories, mainly within our Cheese, Grocery and Snacks businesses. There were some bright spots, however. Investments in priority brands drove solid growth in our Beverage, Convenient Meals and Canadian businesses.  Our growth model leverages volume/mix as a key driver in expanding margins over time. This next slide shows the increased contribution of volume/mix to the Kraft Foods base business over the past five quarters. Our Q2 vol/mix was somewhat below Q1, but we're not satisfied with that performance. But at the same time, I'd make three observations that make us optimistic about the future: First, our brand equity investments in quality, marketing and innovation continued to drive meaningful gains versus last year. This came despite a very difficult environment in many markets. Second, we feel good about the expanding geographic footprint of our portfolio over the past several years even before the Cadbury acquisition. In fact, through the first six months of the year, the strength of our international operations drove overall vol/mix gain of 2.6 points, despite a vol/mix decline of 30 basis points in North America. And third, the majority of our key North American programs are back half-weighted. So even though we expect economic conditions to remain challenging, we're confident in our ability to continue to drive vol/mix gains for the remainder of the year.  Picking back up on Q2 revenue growth. Our Cadbury business reported organic growth of 3.3%. It was driven by very strong Gum performance in the Americas, fueled by the success of new products. Chocolate gains in the U.K. and India also contributed to the growth. Top line growth was tempered two factors: a negative impact of about 0.5 percentage point from the shift of Easter-related shipments into the first quarter, and weak economic conditions affecting the Gum category in several markets including southern Europe, Japan and South Africa.  Turning to profit. On a combined basis, our operating income margin, excluding acquisition integration costs, was 15.2%. In our Kraft Foods base business, volume growth and improved product mix contributed 70 basis points of margin improvement. In addition, our productivity- and overhead cost savings initiatives are starting to contribute in a more significant way. Despite rising costs, we delivered gross margin gains in all geographic regions. This enabled a double-digit increase in A&C. And as a result of this virtuous circle, our base Kraft operating income margin rose by 110 basis points to 16%. Our Cadbury business also made a solid contribution to profit in the quarter. Product mix, productivity gains and the timing of marketing spending drove the improvement.  Turning to EPS, our second quarter earnings reflect continued financial momentum as we integrate Cadbury. Starting at the top, we earned $0.56 in Q2 of 2009 with $0.03 of that coming from the divested Pizza business. So from a year ago base of $0.53, our operating EPS was up more than 13% to $0.60. This was primarily driven by $0.08 of operating gains from the Kraft base business. The $0.11 of operating earnings from Cadbury were offset by $0.14 of higher interest expense and the change in shares outstanding primarily related to the acquisition.  I'd also note that certain discrete tax items, including the settlement of audits, benefited operating EPS this quarter by $0.03 on a year-over-year basis. Below the operating EPS line, we incurred $0.06 of integration costs and $0.01 in acquisition-related costs, resulting in our reported EPS of $0.53.  On a year-to-date basis, earnings are also running ahead of expectations. For the first half, we generated $0.16 of operating gains from the Kraft Foods base business. That's roughly 17 percentage points of EPS growth from base operations. So we've had a very strong start to the year on the earnings front. Given that strength, we've made the strategic decision to reinvest the upside this year. This will ensure that we're doing the right things to strengthen our business in this difficult market and to stage the business for faster growth in the future. As a result, even though the first half came in stronger than expected, we're holding our full-year operating EPS guidance to at least $2.  I'll take a few minutes now to share highlights of our business results by geography. At Kraft Foods North America, organic net revenues on a combined basis fell by 1.3%. Our base business results came in weaker than expected, declining by 1.9%. So what happened? Our performance was driven by four factors: a continued weak consumer environment; lower sales growth at a key U.S. customer due to changes in their merchandising that affected us disproportionately; aggressive promotional activity in a few U.S. categories, especially Biscuits, Cheese and Salad Dressings; and about a 50 basis point impact from the Easter shift.  Despite these headwinds, we've continued to invest in brand-building activities. In fact, several of our key brands posted revenue growth behind great new advertising. For sample, Capri Sun and Kool-Aid ready to drink beverages and Maxwell House coffee were up double digit. And Oscar Mayer Bacon and Hotdogs, Kraft Mac and Cheese and Planters Nuts posted strong growth. And as we look ahead, we expect solid growth behind key programming initiatives and improved merchandising support in the second half of the year.  In our Cadbury business, we produced strong growth of 7.5%. This was a driven by the success of several Gum products including Trident Layers, Stride Shift and Dentyne Pure. Now in light of that excellent performance, I'd be remiss if I didn't mention that we will lap the highly successful launch of Trident Layers beginning in Q3.  Now let's look at profitability. In our base business, OI margin improved by 70 basis points to 19.1%. This reflected strong productivity gains, but they were partially offset by incremental investments at A&C and, to a lesser extent, the impact of lower volume. Our Cadbury business also posted solid profit performance. It delivered productivity gains and improved product mix that was partially offset by higher spending behind new products. As a result, our operating income margin for the combined company in North America grew to 19.4%.  In Europe, combined organic net revenues increased 3.9%. In our base business, organic revenues grew 5.2%. Included in this number was a 2.5 point benefit from harmonizing the accounting calendar in some of our European Biscuit operations as we completed the integration of the LU Biscuit business. This is partially offset by 70 basis points from the Easter shift. Adjusting for these small impacts, the revenue in our base business was still strong and exceeded expectations. Our priority brands collectively grew 8% as increased focus and marketing support drove volume and mix gains.  What's more? The strong performance was broad-based with growth in every category. Chocolate grew behind strength in Milka, Toblerone, Freia and Marabou, and we also posted share gains in several key markets including Germany and France. Coffee grew behind the Jacobs in Germany and a double-digit increase in Tassimo.  Cheese grew behind the continuing success of new packaging and marketing of Philadelphia. It was up strongly in key markets such as the U.K. and Italy. And Biscuits grew double digits behind the successful launch of Cote d'Or in Belgium and Oreo in France. In fact, Oreo grew 45% overall across Europe.  In our Cadbury business, organic net revenues were flat. Modest base growth was offset by a negative impact of about one percentage point due to the Easter shift. We generated solid growth in core markets such as the U.K. and France, but this was offset by a soft consumer environment in southern Europe, particularly in Spain and Greece.  Operating income margin in Europe rose to 13.2% on a combined basis. In our base business, OI margin improved by 220 basis points to 12.2%. This reflected strong volume/mix gains and overhead leverage that was partially offset by the effect of lower price levels and an increase in advertising. Our Cadbury business also made a solid profit contribution in the quarter. Product mix improved and we began to realize the benefits of supply chain efficiencies.  Turning now to developing markets, where combined organic net revenue increased 8.1%. In our base business, organic revenues grew again at a double-digit rate of 10.4%. The driver was volume/mix gains as we continued to invest in priority brands across the region. Plus a roughly one half point benefit from an accounting calendar change for certain operations in Asia-Pacific. Collectively, our priority brands grew more than 17%. Specifically, in Asia-Pacific priority brands grew nearly 30%, lead by Tang powdered beverages and Oreo cookies. In China, for example, Oreo grew by more than 70%. In Latin America, priority brands grew nearly 20%. They were again led by Oreo and Tang, plus strong gains from Lacta chocolate. And in CEEMA, despite a very weak consumer environment, priority brands grew 9% led by Jacobs coffee.  Organic revenues in our Cadbury business grew 4% in developing markets. New products and improved distribution drove high single-digit growth in Latin America. We also generated double-digit chocolate gains in India. Growth was tempered, however, by weak Gum category trends in Mexico, Japan and South Africa. Our operating income margin in developing markets was about 14%. Our base business profit margins improved by 50 basis points. This was driven primarily by strong gains in vol/mix and overhead leverage.  Margin upside was dampened somewhat by higher input costs and a double-digit increase in A&C. Profit performance in our Cadbury business was also solid. It reflected a better alignment of pricing and costs, as well as improved product mix. Now I'd like to turn the call back to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Tim. As we look back over a very eventful first half of 2010, we're beginning to realize the benefits of several things. Our improved portfolio mix, our broader geographic footprint, our significant brand investments and our cost savings initiatives. This is creating a virtuous circle that will enable us to accelerate volume and mix gains, leverage our scale and drive down overhead costs, and generate additional earnings that can be reinvested in the business.  Our businesses in Europe and developing markets delivered exceptional performance through the first six months of the year. We posted both strong vol/mix and market share gains. In North America, despite some headwinds, our investments generated solid base consumption growth for a number of our priority brands. And across the portfolio, volume/mix gains and cost savings expanded both gross- and operating margins. This in turn is enabling incremental investments behind our priority brands around the world.  On the bottom-line, operating EPS rose 18%, driven by strong operating gains in the Kraft Foods base business.  Turning to Cadbury, the integration continues to progress extremely well. The acquisition has provided a great infusion of new talent. In fact as we've named the business unit-, country- and functional leaders around the world, about a third of our four hundred most senior leaders come from Cadbury. We've also made excellent progress in identifying synergies. We now expect to deliver greater cost savings and to do so even faster than we had originally planned. Specifically, we expect to generate at least $750 million in annual savings. And we'll deliver about 15% of the savings in 2010 versus a prior estimate of 10%. The total cost to generate these savings will be slightly higher, about $1.5 billion versus our prior estimate of $1.3 billion. But the pacing of costs should be about the same. Although there have been very few surprises during the integration, there are two areas worth mentioning.  First, we've seen some baseline weakness in a few core markets as the businesses were pushed hard in the heat of battle last year. We anticipated this and had begun to reinvest in these markets. We expect they will begin to recover as we exit the year. Second, we discovered that Cadbury distributors carried fairly high trade inventories in a few markets. We intend to normalize those levels. This will result in lower revenue growth in the second half of the year, but it will provide us with a more efficient supply chain going forward and stage the business for future growth.  Turning now to our 2010 outlook. In terms of organic revenue growth, we've adjusted our target to 3% to 4% growth from at least 4%. This reflects the slower than anticipated start in the first half, the impact of aggressive promotional activity and the normalizing of Cadbury trade inventory in select markets.  Where we ultimately fall within that range will depend on the consumer environment globally, as well as whether or not merchandising changes are implemented by a key U.S. customer. If these mutually beneficial merchandising opportunities occur, we'll be higher in the range. If not, we'll be lower. Regardless, our objective is to build a solid revenue base from which we will generate profitable top-tier growth. On the bottom line, as we've said, we expect to deliver operating EPS of at least $2.00, while funding the initiatives we've mentioned. This will enable us to build an even stronger foundation for 2011.  So to sum up, we've continued to make progress toward our goal of building a global powerhouse. Our integration is on track and we 're delivering greater synergies faster than expected. We're beginning to reap the benefits of a more diverse global portfolio. We're delivering strong, high-quality base business earnings growth, and most importantly, we're reinvesting our upside this year to further strengthen our brands and lay the foundation for top-tier performance in 2011. We'd now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I guess the first, and one that is on top of mind I think for a lot of investors these days is the promotional environment, which obviously came through in your U.S. results. I just had a question in relation to, you talked about some plans for the second half of the year. Does that entail being more promotional? Is that kind of what your goal is? I guess I'd be also curious, how much was promotion up in the quarter in North America for you as well?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well first of all, Chris, our focus has been and will continue to be on advertising and marketing investments that will build our brands for the long term. That will remain unchanged. We still expect our second half revenue growth to be volume/mix-driven with very little contribution, if any, from pricing.  We'll remain disciplined as we move forward here, but I will say that as category leader, we will not continue to tolerate share gains being driven by aggressive promotional pricing. So you will see some increase in our promotional spending in select U.S. categories in the second half. But that is reflected in our guidance, and as I said, we expect that our second half revenue will be primarily driven by vol/mix. With respect to the question about the contribution, as you saw, pricing contributed very little to our overall performance in aggregate or in North America. Our results were primarily driven by vol/mix.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then I guess in relation to that, I was surprised by the gross margin strength in the quarter. Is that the vol/mix that's driving that? Or were there cost savings coming through? Maybe perhaps you can give a little more detail around that?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, it's actually both of them, Chris. It's a combination of the focus on vol/mix, particularly our focus on priority brands, which around the world tend to have higher margins, as well as cost savings. And those will continue to be key drivers of our margins going forward.
Timothy McLevish: I'd like to take all the credit, Chris, for the significant increase. You need to recognize that Cadbury brings in a starting point of a higher gross margin than traditional Kraft is, so when you look at almost 200 basis points of improvement, a lot of that is driven by the mix of Cadbury coming in. Still very solid from the Kraft standpoint. We increased 60 or so basis points in the base business but we were aided by the Cadbury integration.
Operator: Next question comes from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research: Can I ask about the acceleration in organic sales growth that you're expecting to see in the second half? I think you alluded to a couple of factors there, primarily the step-up in new product launches or merchandising activity and marketing spending in the second half. Could you talk a little bit about how much the consumer marketing spending is going to increase maybe for the full year. I think it was at around 7% of sales in 2009. Given this step-up in market expanding, how high do you expect it to hit in 2010? And secondly, just in terms of the external environment, you talked about the step-up or the changes in the merchandising activity at the key customer. Are you seeing any improvement in that dynamic that would give you confidence that the second half of the year's going to be a little easier on that front?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, let me answer your first question, on our spending levels. We continue to move our business toward our ultimate endpoint of 8% to 9% of revenue in A&C. We're making very good progress there and as you heard, we made significant investments in the first half of the year, we're up double digits, which takes us to about 7.5% or so of revenue on a base Kraft; the total company's actually closer to 8% because Cadbury comes in at a somewhat higher spending level. And we expect to continue to see that relationship continue in the back half. As we mentioned, we had fairly significant back half loading in our base Kraft programming, or actually in our planned programming, and now that we are now anticipating spending some additional monies in the back half, you will see even more of a contribution on the marketing side. That is what gives us great confidence that we will be able to see sequential improvement in our top line. With respect to the questions as to how our merchandising plan's progressing, we obviously have seen this. Our major U.S. customer has been quite public in suggesting that perhaps they went a little bit too far in a changing their merchandising philosophy. We have a very strong set of consumer programs, plans for the back half of the year, and we will work together to realize those opportunities. And as I said, that in some respects accounts for the range that we've given in our top line guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens of JP Morgan.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Irene, if I can just zero in on the Cheese business for a second. It looks to us like the costs are still reasonably high on a historical basis; they should come down, we think, a little bit in the back half of the year. But I guess the worry there is, do you believe that if they do come down the promotional environment in Cheese will actually accelerate instead of get better? What's your view on that?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well what I'd say, Terry, is we haven't seen a very tight relationship between cost and pricing in the Cheese business and in fact, as we shared with you in the first quarter, we saw a number of our customers very aggressively promoting natural cheese in particular, and that's been a key part of our volume decline in Cheese. I think as we move forward here, we have made some programming changes on our own business that I think we're starting to see pay some dividends and we certainly are starting to see, as you suggest, prices come back up a little bit. So I think we'll see things in better balance in the back half, and we certainly do expect to see sequential improvement in our overall Cheese business as a result. Most of that, though, is about natural cheese. We continued to make good progress in our focus businesses where we make most of our money and we've had successively strong share performance on our cream cheese, our single's business and in Velveeta.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: More broadly, if you look at some of the intense promotion across categories, it does look like as though it's reached the point where it's not really affecting foot traffic that much and maybe some of the retailers are beginning to realize that 'at this point, all I'm doing is taking the profit pool down'? We're hearing also signs that kind of point to that but it seems to be more talk than action at present. Are you getting any, without mentioning a specific retailer, are you getting more signals that maybe as we progress through the year -- and especially now that it looks like commodities might go up a bit -- that there may be possibly some reflation coming as we exit the year and go into next?
Irene Rosenfeld: That's a new term, reflation.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: It's probably not even a word, but I heard it once and it sounded cool.
Irene Rosenfeld: What I think, Terry -- I can't speak for the retailers, what I can tell you -- is we certainly saw more tactical trade-driven activity in the second quarter. We chose not to participate, we chose to invest in our brands because we do believe that is the proper way to stage our brands for the long-term. And I would say that our assessment is pretty much what you just suggested, that it has proven to be the right strategy. We did not see category growth; in fact, many of our categories continued to [indiscernible] (43:43) experience some weakness and it certainly has not appeared to drive traffic, so I am hopeful that everyone is looking at that same profile and will realize that the right way to run these businesses for the long term is by investing in equity spending. But again, we're going to stay on our game.
Operator: Next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: In the first quarter, if I remember it right, in the press release you had a comment about 2011 and expectation for mid-teen EPS growth off if $2.00-plus base and $2.10. I didn't see it in the prepared rumors today so has that changed at all? Is that still your expectation?
Timothy McLevish: Yes, it absolutely is, Brian. We have held our guidance for this year and are unchanged with regard to our expectations from margin and growth in EPS in 2011.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then just a follow-up on the Gum business. Some of the work that we've done suggests that Wrigley has cut investments to help service its debt and its dividends, and it seems like there's an opportunity there. So one is you've got to get into  you've looked at Cadbury's gum business further, is it true? What are your market share trends recently? And then has that adjusted at all, maybe, the way you're thinking about investment and maybe spending more in Gum over the next year or so?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I will say we have certainly seen good share performance on our Gum business around the world. And that is one of those categories that we believe can benefit from increased investment. And so we are making those investments in key markets around the world, and I think it will pay good dividends for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney of Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: First question, Tim, when I think the $160 million out of the income statement for integration costs, I'm assuming that comes from marketing-administration line, not from COGS? Is there some split there?
Timothy McLevish: Large majority of it will come out of the overhead line just because the large majority so far of spending has been head office. We're working our way through the regional offices and down into manufacturing, et cetera, so we'll see some hit the COGS line in the future but the large majority of it will come from overhead currently.
Christopher Jakubik: And John, I could follow up with you after the call on that and get you a bit better breakdown.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: But the big question that I had was, when I think about this environment right now with retailers and consumers, whoever it is driving that, sort of screaming for promotions and value, it seems like Kraft's ability, seemingly unique ability to provide lowest delivered cost given the scale here would be just a huge advantage, and yet when I look at either the level of sort of that overhead line, which I guess in the [ph] fund (47:11) is going to be like in the high 22% or something like that just looking at it, that doesn't compare super-favorably with other companies with much, much lower revenues. I guess my question, Irene, would be, we talked about wall-to-wall maybe a couple years ago and now that you have another big slug of revenues in there, is there like a 2.0 where you can take more costs out and get those numbers down given the scale here?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I will tell you I think, John, we're in the midst of 2.0 coming from two places. First of all, the programming we've got on base Kraft where we are looking at costs across the entire value chain, and in particular, we've laid out for you last September our focus on managing overhead in each of the regions around the world. So we've got zero overhead in North America, negative overhead in Europe and overhead growth at half the rate of revenue in our developing markets. That's obviously beginning to play through very nicely in our base Kraft results. Obviously, the larger overhead you're looking at right now for the combined company has a lot of Cadbury overhead in it and of course, that's a big part of our synergy. So I think you will see that number inherently come down as we deliver against our synergies. But I will tell you, the 2.0 opportunity that you refer too is very much under way and you will continue to see that play through our numbers in both this year and into 2011.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar, Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: A big part of your ability to get to your targeted mid-teen margin structure on the base business by I guess 2011 or so, probably has a lot to do with the improvement in margin structure in Europe where it was really subpar relative to peers, as margins in North America are already pretty good, although obviously there's still some room there. And this is the second quarter in a row where I guess we've seen some very nice base business, gross and margin, operating margin improvement in Europe. So I'm trying to get a sense of your comfort level with the sustainability of that? In other words, is this really now starting to move in Europe for real after obviously a whole bunch of years where that just couldn't get moving in the right direction? And then more importantly, how quickly does that operating margin in Europe get closer to your peer group from the larger European-oriented food companies, where you still have a long way to go there.
Irene Rosenfeld: Andrew, as you rightly say, a big part of the margin improvement that we have committed to for the total company depends upon our improvement in Europe and we are making terrific progress in that regard. As you saw, we're up about 200 basis points on our base Kraft business this quarter. And it's very much for real. I think Mike Clark shared with you and others last Fall, the plan that we've laid out. It's a combination of continuing to push more profitable volume, continuing to make some significant reductions in overhead and we have the benefit of integration both of the LU business, as well as now the Cadbury business as a further opportunity, as well as the broader opportunities that we have across the company in procurement and conversion. So they are very much real margin improvements. I feel very confident that they will continue, and I feel very confident that the targets that we've laid out both for Europe and within the total Kraft portfolio are achievable.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: If we look at the second quarter for Kraft and then, let's call it, for a lot of the calendar second quarter companies that have already reported, as you noted obviously, the promotional environment ramped up fairly substantially, broadly speaking. Is it your sense that we will look back on this second quarter and say, that was really the peak in sort of promotional activity for this group? Not that the second half's going to lighten up dramatically or what have you, but do you think as a group, we moved at least sequentially in the right direction from a promotional standpoint? And if so, why? And is there any evidence yet that would suggest we should be confident that that will happen?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well we sure would like to hope so. I mean, again, as we look at the results of the very significant promoting that we saw certainly in a number of our core categories, it did not really impact store traffic and it certainly did not help category growth. And I think that those results are clear. And so I do think that everybody looking at those results has to come to their own conclusions. Again, our intent is to stay on our game plan, which is to continue to invest in the longer-term brand building activities, but as I said, we will selectively look at some activity in a select number of categories in the U.S. because we're just not going to continue to tolerate share losses due to aggressive promotional activity. But I think it is quite possible that this could be the beginning of an inflection. It could be an infection point.
Operator: Next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: If there's an inflection point on promotional spending and that gets ratcheted down I guess there's sort of a fork in the road in my view. One is that, that means gross price points go higher which means price gaps with private label probably widen and the conversation to date on the call really hasn't included private label, so to what extent are you concerned that if the promotional environment calms down, gross price points go back up, we get back into a situation where private label starts to gain share again at an accelerated pace and that's what we wind up talking about on these calls.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, well let me say first of all, without a doubt private label share has stabilized, that's been true over the last couple of quarters, and in fact in some cases we're seeing it begin to decline. So I don't expect a dramatic change there and I think, again, the investments that we are making in our brand franchises, in our brand equities as well as in our innovation pipeline, are, we believe, the way to set ourselves apart over the long term. And so I think we're going to be well positioned to be able to address our market position in the future as a consequence of that investment.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: So your view would be that private label share gains have decelerated, but this doesn't have to do with branded promotional spending going up, is that correct?
Irene Rosenfeld: I would say that's correct because we basically saw that private label share seems to have a water level, we actually saw it reach that water level a couple of quarters ago, and we haven't seen really much change since that time. But again, our approach to dealing with private label, as well as any of our comp competitors in any of our categories, is to continue to differentiate our brands by investing in equity and investing in the innovation pipeline. And so far, that seems to be serving us well in most markets around the world.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: On input costs, what's your outlook for input cost inflation for the balance of the year? There obviously have been some movements recently in cocoa, and sugar's back up, and multi-grains and so forth? So how should we be thinking about that in terms of your guidance?
Timothy McLevish: Well, the first thing I would say is that, again, with the investment we're making in our brand equities we feel that we can manage any input cost changes within the P&L. We think we have some pricing power as a result. We're holding to our guidance and think that any inflation that we may see going forward is reflected. We have taken some selective actions in a number of categories where we have seen some input cost changes and, again, that's consistent with our approach to managing the business and within the guidance that we've given.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: But you don't have a percentage increase for this year?
Timothy McLevish: I'm not going to offer a percentage now. I mean obviously you see a couple select ones, cocoa and sugar have increased materially. But on the balance, other ones have actually come down. We saw modest increase in the first half of this year, balanced across categories.
Operator: Next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: Irene, can you elaborate a little bit on what you mean by more programming occurring in the second half of the year and how it's kind of back half-weighted? Do you mean specifically that advertising will be higher year-over-year in the second half than it was in the first? Are there more new products and then what kind of products can we look forward to? And then also just merchandising activity, what kind of programs and what kind of customer activity do you have in the back half that you didn't have the prior year?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well actually, Rob, it's all three of those, so our advertising will in fact be higher in the back half. We have planned it that way in our base plan, and certainly a portion of the money that we're reinvesting will be against A&C so you will see advertising even stronger in the back half. We got a fairly robust innovation pipeline that was always back half-loaded. Again, we were concerned about the consumer environment and we chose to keep our powder a little bit dry there and so we have a pretty good roster of new products as we look into the back half and we can talk a little bit about that. And then the third piece is simply that we will lack the merchandising change in the back half of the year as well as, as we've seen, there's been some rethinking of that merchandising strategy. So all of that together is what, first of all, makes our programming back half-weighted, and what gives us great confidence that we will see sequential improvement in the back half of the year.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: A quick follow-up. On Slide 13, this is the only one that kind of stood out for me as being a little off versus expectations, is that Cadbury's growth in developing markets only up 4%, Kraft's base business up 10.4%. Most people think of Cadbury as being very incremental to your business in terms of having developing market exposure. But you mentioned Southeast Europe and Japan as being kind of a drag and those aren't really emerging market kind of markets. So what's going on there? What's the real run rate for developing market growth for that business for Cadbury?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well let me say, first of all, that I expect that as we bring a few companies together we will certainly be stepping up that growth rate as we bring kind of the best of both together. But I would say the profile of the Cadbury business is much more heavily weighted to markets like Australia, New Zealand and Japan. And as we've shared with you, those are markets that happen to be for a number of reasons, primarily macroeconomic, seem to be disproportionally hit by the economic condition. So as a consequence, their growth in those markets was relatively lower.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: First, could you talk about potential margin pressure you might experience, sort of net margin pressure versus what you might have had in the first half of the year. And I mean this in the base business from input costs. Even if it's just timing of pricing versus some of the input cost inflation that we're seeing, one example category that I would worry about would perhaps be chocolate in Europe. Tough market to get pricing, we're seeing the cocoa inflation out there, but any thoughts would be welcome about maybe some timings of net margin pressure.
Timothy McLevish: Well, from an input cost standpoint, as we've said before, we have a pretty active hedging program so we're managing our input costs on a regular basis. And to the extent that we see material again, I believe that we have the pricing power to make sure that we've covered that. So from an input cost standpoint, I don't see a lot of margin pressure. We do, as we've said, plan on spending some additional investment in A&C in the back half of the year and naturally that's going to put some pressure on margins relative to the very strong first half and second quarter. But again, we're going to manage that within our guidance and within the P&L.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: You noted that marketing and innovation helped drive solid base trends in some of your cookies and crackers and beverage brands, and in the past you talked about potentially touching more and more your portfolio of your portfolio with the step-ups. Where do you see Kraft sort of moving, where do you see the ROI from here in terms of incremental spending and perhaps that includes some of the Cadbury brands and regions?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well I think our first priority will be on the brands that we've identified as our priority brands, and we're getting a very good return on those investments both in terms of base marketing investment as well as innovation. I mean I look at markets like our developing markets. As Tim mentioned, we're looking at 30%, 40% growth on Tang and Oreo without doing anything but invest in those base franchises. So we're using a different metric market-by-market with the end result of focusing on profitable volume/mix driven growth, [ph] that's (1:01:31) profitable sustainable growth, and so far we feel quite good about how that's playing out.
Timothy McLevish: We will, as we've targeted a little bit higher A&C as a percentage of revenue, and we will continue to invest until we get to those ranges. Cadbury brings in normally with our categories a little bit higher percentage. The other thing I would point out is we have an Analyst Day coming up in a month are so and we'll be a little bit more clear on our overall strategy and how we manage the strategic brands and the broader portfolio.
Operator: Next question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess a few specific questions on Cadbury. I think if my understanding of the table on Slide 8 is correct, you've had about $0.03 of dilution from the deal so far, Tim, is that right?
Timothy McLevish: Yes, that's correct.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: And you had said last quarter that you had expected the full year to be $0.16 dilutive. Is that $0.16 going up with the inventory cost that you're absorbing, given the levels were too high.
Timothy McLevish: No. Actually, it's really a seasonality timing within the year. In the first half, a number of things happened. First of all, there is naturally within Cadbury -- about 2/3 of their profitability falls in the second half of the year. In the first half, we also stage over the first quarter the share issuance for their business and also the interest on the bonds. So we don't have the full effect from the share dilution in the first half, the second half it about doubles. Interest almost doubles and we did have some additional back-end weighting of A&C investment based in their base plan. So that $0.16 still holds, it was about $0.03 in the first half, about $0.13 in the second half as a result of those factors.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: So does that mean that the inventory that's coming down, are you taking that as a one-time or that's not affecting the full-year dilution because maybe the first half is better?
Timothy McLevish: Yes, to the extent that we take inventory down, it will affect that. That actually would take that $0.16 a little bit higher.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Second, and maybe this follows up on Rob's question, Irene, but it sounds like there's  granted you've only owned it for five or six months, but obviously the deal was partly predicated on Gum and Confection being a very strong category. How much do we need to worry about the fact that the category leader is seemingly struggling? I think you said the EU Kraft business was flat in the quarter. I think you said in the first quarter, the category was actually down. So is there something that we need to worry about in terms of the category not growing as fast as you had hoped when you originally bought it?
Irene Rosenfeld: No. Everything we've seen, Eric, continues to confirm that this business will be transformational for Kraft. I would tell you that there are some markets that we talked about, Southern Europe, South Africa and Japan where we certainly are seeing some of the macroeconomic impact but that's a select number of markets. The bigger issue is just that in the heat of battle, we knew that Cadbury has perhaps pushed some of their businesses. We also understood that we've got a challenging first half-second half comparison when we put the plans together. So we expected to reinvest in those businesses. We already have made a number of investments in Europe, in the U.S. and elsewhere. We now have the earnings flexibility to go beyond that and we are making selected investments in the best opportunities that we see around the world. So we continue to feel terrific about the portfolio, about the opportunity for Gum, and we've certainly -- given that we will continue to invest in the franchises around the world -- I think we will continue to see share gains as a result.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Last question again on the transaction. You raised the cost of it from $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion. Is that all cash? And the savings rate, I guess is now $75 million higher?
Timothy McLevish: That's correct. We went from $675 million to $750 million, and increased $200 million from $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion. The same proportion of cash to essentially write-offs would pertain to that as well. The predominance of it is cash.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: And is the additional spending, the additional cost, is that what gives you the confidence in the extra $75 million? Or are they completely unrelated?
Timothy McLevish: I wouldn't connect them in that fashion, Eric. I mean as we've looked through the program, we carefully built up the details and in the last several months as we've really gotten under the covers and refined all of our analysis, it's not that we necessarily have found new synergies but we've just confirmed what we've seen and as we are finding more there that it's costing us a little bit more to get it.
Operator: Next question comes from Ed Aaron of RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: On the distributor destocking that you talked about, did that start at all in the second quarter or is it entirely back half? And then can you give us a sense of what the magnitude of that might be?
Timothy McLevish: Yes, a little bit of it we did. Again, you may note that in the first quarter, we had believed that we didn't find the higher levels that we anticipated, but when we got particularly into some of the developing market economy, there is a multi-tier distribution network. And as we dug down into the network further, we found that they were higher than we would normally expect. As we're rationalizing that into the Kraft distribution system, we think it's prudent to bring them together; and are bringing them down commensurately. A little bit of it in the second quarter but the large majority of it is still ahead of us in the second half of the year. I would say it's somewhere between $100 million and $150 million is what we would expect.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And Tim, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks that Cadbury margins might have benefited a little bit from low advertising spending? I was a little bit surprised to hear that just given that Cadbury wasn't spending quite as much during the takeover process, and so wondering why this wouldn't have been a quarter where maybe you might have stepped up that level of spending on that business?
Timothy McLevish: That was [ph] win-win (1:08:33) in one market and I mean it was the timing between first half and second half, it's just a matter of how the programming fell.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And then one last one. That accounting calendar shift that you talked about for Biscuits, is there a reversal of that that needs to happen or is that just a one-time deal?
Timothy McLevish: It's a one-time. What actually happened is, LU was reported on a lag basis and as we brought them, as we said, we'd integrate them into the Kraft business and as we've done so, we've put them on concurrent closed schedule. Again, so it's a one-time thing and it's part of our guidance, our expectation for the year when we originally gave guidance.
Operator: Next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: I wanted to start off with just going back to the brand building. So it's great to hear that you're increasing it. If you said this, I apologize, what is the magnitude of the increase and really, I'm just trying to get, what's the change in the guidance from last call to this call?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I think what we've said is we've got some upside as the result of the momentum that we have on the business, and we are planning to make some investments. It's probably about $0.10 and we expect about half of that is going to go toward increased A&C on top of the increases that we already had in the base plan.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: So it's $0.10 of upside that you've had so far and you're saying half of that goes into A&C? And where does the other half go?
Timothy McLevish: The other half is that inventory [indiscernible] (1:10:15) stock in Cadbury that we just talked about. And the other one is anticipating, as Irene mentioned a bit earlier, that we do expect in the second half, we will respond to the promotional activity in select categories particularly across North America. And so we're anticipating some set-aside for that.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Can you comment on what your hedging coverage is for the balance of the year? And then specifically, can you comment on what is what as a percent of COGS just given all the tremendous news flow on wheat in the past few days?
Timothy McLevish: Yes, we don't comment for good reason because we don't want to share with perhaps speculators what we're doing with our hedge positions. So we can't comment. We carry hedge positions on commodities as prudent and as consistent with past practices. And with respect to wheat, it's a very small portion of our total input cost.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: And Tim, I wasn't actually trying to ask what your hedge was on wheat itself. I was just trying to ask, can you tell us if you're 90% hedged for the balance of the year? Kellogg and Mills give metrics like that and I was hoping you might.
Timothy McLevish: Yes, I'll just say we are well hedged for the year. I really don't want to give a specific percentage.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Irene, just coming back to the promotional environment. I think when you were commenting to Andrew, he mentioned that, is this the inflection point? And I thought you said that you thought it was the inflection point. So if it is 
Irene Rosenfeld: Well I think I said I hoped it was an inflection point. I don't know for sure.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: What I want you to tie together for me, what I can't see is that I think you said that you're going to increase your promotions to kind of tactically respond to people who were taken share from you. So it sounds to me like from Kraft's actual actions, promotional activity steps up in the back half. So then why does it sound to you like it's going to die down?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, first of all, what we've been very clear about is that we will respond in selected categories if we need to. I mean we have been very disciplined and we will remain very disciplined as we go forward. So all I'm suggesting is that we are prepared to respond in selected categories. You've seen that we had some softness in a couple of core franchises, our Biscuit business, our Salad Dressing business and our Cheese business, and we will take some selected actions as appropriate. But we will certainly watch the environment. We certainly are looking at input costs as we move forward here. But our primary focus will remain on investing in longer-term brand-building, because that's what will pay the dividends for us going forward.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Tim, what's the tax rate guidance for the year? And that's it for me.
Timothy McLevish: I expect it to be modestly under 30%. We were a little bit above 30% anticipated as the result of the discrete item that we recorded in the second quarter of this year. It'll drop it a little bit below 30%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Can you just tell me about the progress, at least anecdotally, if you've made any progress on the revenue synergies?
Irene Rosenfeld: It's premature to talk about that today, Ken. That will be one of the subjects we'll talk about at our Investor Day. We certainly are actively involved in beginning to identify the areas of opportunity and figuring out which ones we want to go after, first, second and third. But one of the reasons that I feel really good about having the flexibility to reinvest in our franchise is because we see all kinds of opportunities and we'll be in a position to be able to capitalize on some of them sooner than we had anticipated. But as we've said before, the real impact of revenue synergies will not begin to hit until next year.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: But the investors out there I think tend to want to invest beyond also this year as well. That's why I was just trying to get into the strategy beyond this year. So we look forward, definitely, to hearing what you guys have to say at the Investor Day for sure. The other question I had was, in terms of the cost savings -- so the outperformance in the quarter, it didn't have to do with the increase in the cost savings from the integration or it did? I just didn't understand that.
Timothy McLevish: We had about a penny of benefit for our cost synergies coming in a little bit higher than expected.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So I guess my real question on this is, the incremental savings that you're finding, how do you expect to spend that? Or does that give you more comfort in being able to deliver your 2011 and beyond expectations? I was just trying to figure out what your doing with that money.
Timothy McLevish: Well, first, we've got about a dime in total between tax and favorable operations and the little bit of the synergies, there's about a dime, and as Irene mentioned, the large majority of that we would expect to spend back in the second half, about half of it in kind of A&C and then probably half of the remainder in responding promotional activity and then that trade destocking. So that's kind of how we think about that in the second half of the year. On an ongoing basis, we have said that probably 2/3 to 75%, we would expect to drop to the bottom line and the remainder there would be some spending back from synergies.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So going from $675 million to $750 million, 2/3 of that would drop to the bottom line?
Timothy McLevish: That's correct.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So that gives you a little bit more comfort in how you can get your longer term targets? Is that not a fair way of looking at it?
Timothy McLevish: That's correct.
Operator: Your final question comes from Eric Larson of Soleil Securities.
Eric Larson - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: Given integration issues, one never always knows exactly what you see when you get in, and obviously, you disclosed, I think this quarter was the first time you talked about some higher inventory levels of Cadbury at the distributor level. Are there any other potential surprises? I think that at one time we heard that there may be some pension issues with Cadbury, might require some cash payments. Are there any other hidden issues that need to be addressed that could either be both dilutive to earnings and/or cash in the next 18 months?
Timothy McLevish: I means we've had the business for about six months now. We've taken a pretty good look under the covers and we think, I mean we thought after the first quarter that we had viewed the inventory levels. And we found that there's a little bit more learning in the second quarter. However, with six months under our belt and we are fully in control in managing aspects of the business at this point, we think that we have a pretty good handle on where there might be any pockets of weakness, et cetera. And again, as Irene said, we're very pleased with the business. With respect to pension funding, I mean, we had been aware prior to the transaction that they have an under-funded pension plan and we are working with the trustees of the plan to address that issue. It may result in some cash payments but that's within our plans.
Eric Larson - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: And did you quantify what the impact in the sales growth rate might be in the second half with Cadbury and the de-inventorying strategies that you're putting into place right now?
Timothy McLevish: Well, if you think about it, I kind of gave an indication $100 million to $150 million, the impact on full-year growth would be somewhere between 20 and 30 basis points.
Eric Larson - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: It hasn't been a huge concern of mine. Currency was a positive for you a little bit in the second quarter. The only thing that's hurting you right now is really the euro and pound sterling. In how you've guided for your second half, will currency be, let's say, just a modest headwind for you as you go forward?
Timothy McLevish: That's right. We've picked up about $0.03 in the first half in favorable currency from a earnings standpoint. Sitting where the currencies are today, it's probably second half looking at a penny, a penny of headwind.
Operator: This concludes the question and answer session of today's call. I will now turn the conference back over to Mr. Chris Jakubik for any closing remarks.
Christopher Jakubik: All right. Thanks, Paula, and thanks everyone for joining us today. For those folks in the media who have additional questions, Mike Mitchell will be around to answer those for you. And for any of the analysts who have further questions, both myself and Dexter Convoy will be around today, tomorrow, et cetera, to answer any questions you have. Thanks very much and have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-07 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Christopher Jakubik -  Timothy McLevish - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Diane Geissler - Calyon Securities (USA) Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse First Boston, Inc. Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets Corporation David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Kraft Foods First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Kraft's management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Chris Jakubik, Vice President Investor Relations for Kraft.
Christopher Jakubik: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us on our conference call. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and Tim McLevish, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release has been out earlier today and is available on our Web site, www.kraftfoodscompany.com. We've also made available on our Web site a set of slides that we will refer to during our prepared remarks.  As you know, during this call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today so they contain an element of uncertainty. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties so please refer to the cautionary statement and risk factors contained in the company's 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more detailed explanation of the inherent limitations in such forward-looking statements.  Also, some of today's prepared remarks will include non-GAAP financial measures. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our news release. So with that out of the way, I'll hand it off to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Chris, and good afternoon. We'd like to cover three things today. First, I'll provide a progress report for our integration with Cadbury, which is off to an excellent start. Then Tim will provide highlights from our first quarter results released earlier today. And finally, we'll discuss our earnings guidance for 2010. So let's begin.  As I discussed in February at CAGNY, our turnaround over the past three years revitalized our base business and positioned us for future growth, with a more effective organizational structure, with stronger brand equities and with a streamlined cost base. Having positioned our base business to deliver consistent growth in line with peer averages, we then set our sights on top-tier performance on both the top and bottom lines.  Combining with Cadbury was one of the best ways for us to get there. The new Kraft Foods will drive accelerated organic revenue growth through focused investments and higher growth, higher margin categories, higher growth developing markets and higher growth trade channels. We'll not only fund these investments but we'll also expand our profit margins. We'll accomplish this by reducing costs as we leverage our scale: our global scale in areas like procurement and overheads and our local scale in every major geography, as we take advantage of existing infrastructures to drive profitable volume growth. And by focusing our investments, we'll further enhance our margins by improving our portfolio mix. That's our formula for delivering sustainable top-tier growth.  So hows it going so far? As you know, it's been about 90 days since we came together with Cadbury. I'm delighted to report that our integration plans are progressing well. In terms of people, we quickly named the executive leadership team within our original 45-day target. I'm especially pleased that among these leaders, all 10 of Cadbury's top line managers and both of their global category managers are part of our new organization. In fact, about a third of our top 50 leaders are from Cadbury. At this point, almost all business unit, country and functional leaders have been named, literally hundreds of positions. In addition, we're making good progress in determining the right mix of office locations and R&D centers around the world.  On the business front, we've confirmed our synergy targets. And we're consolidating both companies' legacy cost-saving plans with the synergy programs. Based on these consolidated plans, we're developing new annual targets and three-year strategic plans for each business unit and each corporate function. In these initial days, we've done a lot of work getting the right people in the right jobs and aligning our cost-savings targets.  But I want to emphasize cost savings are not the big story here. This combination is about growth. And over the next few weeks and months, you'll begin to see more evidence of how our integration plans are laying a solid foundation for the future. Most important while all this work is going on, our businesses have continued to perform well. You've seen our press release and you'll hear more from Tim shortly. But we're quite pleased with our first quarter results, both for the Kraft Foods base business and for the Cadbury business. Everything we've seen so far has only reinforced our decision to acquire Cadbury.  On the top line, our portfolio is now more heavily weighted towards faster-growing categories, geographies and trade channels. And we're developing a full pipeline of revenue synergies around the world. As a result, I remain confident that over the long term, this portfolio can deliver at least 5% organic revenue growth with about 2/3 of this growth coming from volume/mix. We expect organic revenue growth to accelerate over the next few years. In 2010, were targeting our combined organic net revenue growth to be at least 4%, as we integrate Cadbury, set a solid revenue base and begin to plant seeds for future growth. This will consist of approximately 4% organic net revenue growth for Kraft Foods base business and about 5% from Cadbury.  In 2011 as the integration progresses and we begin to benefit from revenue synergies, we expect combined organic growth of at least 5%, in line with our long-term target. In fact, we've already begun to make investments to realize that growth. As a first step, we're restoring and in some cases accelerating advertising and consumer investments in Cadbury's businesses, particularly gum. And worldwide, we're ramping up our management of global categories beginning with chocolate, biscuits and gum, taking the best practices for both companies.  Turning now to the bottom line, we have a strong pipeline of cost-savings initiatives to fund our investments and accelerate margin expansion. We're continuing to execute our existing programs, including Cadbury's Vision into Action and initiatives on the Kraft Foods base business in procurement, manufacturing and overhead that we shared with you last September. In fact, we've discovered that the focus areas and programs of the two companies are highly complementary. For instance, from an end-to-end productivity perspective in procurement, both companies expect to deliver savings by trimming their supplier lists and developing strategic partnerships. In manufacturing at our legacy Kraft plants, we're making good progress in using lean manufacturing and Six Sigma Tools to remove bottlenecks, reduce waste, optimize labor and streamline inventories. We'll soon begin rolling out these programs to Cadbury plants as well.  In terms of overhead, both companies were already targeting zero overhead growth. Together, we'll continue to pursue those aggressive goals in each region. In North America, we're planning zero overhead growth before integration synergies. In Europe where we still have a high absolute level of overheads, we'll continue to target negative overhead growth. And in developing markets where we foresee a double-digit increase in revenue, we're targeting overhead growth at half that rate. We'll spend between $200 million and $250 million to capture these savings. But as we've committed, these expenses will be considered an ongoing cost of doing business and will be included in operating earnings.  In addition to our base programs, we continue to target pretax cost savings of at least $675 million from integration. The savings will come from three areas: operational synergies of $300 million, as a result of further efficiencies and economies of scale in procurement, manufacturing, supply-chain and R&D; general and administrative synergies of $250 million; and marketing, media and selling synergies of $125 million.  In terms of the flow of costs and benefits, we expect to spend approximately $1.3 billion to deliver the savings, with about half the spending occurring in 2010. We expect the savings to ramp up beginning next year with more than 90% benefiting our 2012 earnings. In fact, we expect to exit 2012 with a run rate of at least $675 million in savings.  Each of these targets has a detailed plan behind it and a member of our Executive team responsible for delivering it. At the same time, as I said earlier, we're consolidating our legacy cost-saving plans with the synergy programs. And so the best way to track our progress in the integration will be by monitoring the operating margin of the combined company.  Going forward, the formula is simple. We're focusing on brand investments to drive volume growth and improve our portfolio mix. We're driving productivity savings by taking advantage of our scale in procurement and manufacturing. We'll leverage our overhead costs to fuel further margin expansion. And we'll reinvest a portion of these savings to drive future growth. Its a virtuous cycle. We'll simultaneously fund investments in quality, marketing and innovation for top line growth, while delivering healthy, sustainable bottom line margins. Weve set our sights for mid-teens margins by 2011 and a long-term operating profit margin in the mid- to high teens as the integration is completed.  In sum, our combination with Cadbury greatly improves our overall profile and positions us for sustainable profitable growth in the top tier of our industry. We'll drive high quality organic revenue growth and execute a strong pipeline of cost savings initiatives. At the same time, we'll increase investments in our brands, in our sales capabilities and in R&D. This will enable us to deliver the long-term targets we laid out several months ago: organic revenue growth of at least 5%, profit margins in the mid- to high teens and EPS growth of 9% to 11%.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Tim, who will take you through our first quarter results and earnings guidance.
Timothy McLevish: Thanks, Irene, and good afternoon. As Irene indicated earlier, our first quarter showed continued improvement both sequentially and compared with last year. And we're encouraged by the solid performance posted by the Cadbury business in February and March. On the top line, organic net revenue growth of the combined business was 3.9%. We grew 3.3% in our base business behind focused investments in our priority brands, categories and markets. This reflected the flow-through of the stepped-up advertising investment we made in the fourth quarter of last year. Our Cadbury business reported strong organic growth of 8.2% in the February/March period. New product introductions drove strong gum performance in the Americas. And we realized solid chocolate gains in the U.K. and in Asia.  Overall, a solid contribution from both the existing and new parts of our portfolio. In fact, our vol/mix performance was up sharply from a year ago and has improved sequentially over the last several quarters. More important, our momentum is broad-based, with each region making good progress in what remains a difficult environment.  In addition, our key consumer sectors are performing well on a global basis. As you can see, confectionery, snacks and beverages are driving our growth around the world. We are getting great traction in the priority brands that will drive our future top line growth. For example, we're seeing 30% growth from Tang in developing markets, strong performance of Milka and Cadbury in Europe and ongoing success of Oreo in North America and the rest of the world.  Moving to the profit line, operating income margin for the combined company excluding acquisition integration costs, rose 13.3% in the first quarter. Vol/mix and productivity improvement drove the upside. For our base business, OI margin rose by 40 basis points to 13.5%. This reflected a 170 basis points of upside from operations, driven by vol/mix gains and productivity improvements. But this is partially offset by a negative impact of 130 basis points, due to a change in unrealized gains and losses from hedging activity versus the prior year. Much of this change in unrealized gains and losses reflects the approximately $87 million benefit that we recorded in the first quarter of 2009.  Our Cadbury business also made a solid profit contribution in February and March. It was driven by good revenue growth and also benefited from the timing of advertising and new product launches. Let me also point out that we continue to expand our OI margin, even while we're integrating the Cadbury business.  Turning to the EPS line, our first quarter earnings per share demonstrated that our financial momentum has continued during the integration. Starting at the top, we earned $0.45 in Q1 of 2009. $0.04 of that was attributable to the operating income of the pizza business. From a base of $0.41 in earnings from continuing operations, our operating EPS was up nearly 20% to $0.49 a share. This is primarily driven by $0.08 of operating gains from the Kraft Foods base business and $0.07 of additional operating earnings from Cadbury.  The key offsets to this growth came from the change in unrealized hedging gains and losses, which had a negative impact of $0.05, as well as the additional interest from debt and dilution from shares issued for the Cadbury acquisition. Below the operating EPS line, we incurred about $0.02 of initial integration costs and about $0.24 in acquisition-related costs and financing fees. We also recognized a onetime adjustment to our deferred taxes related to the recently enacted U.S. health care legislation.  In addition, the combination of a onetime gain on the sale and two months of earnings from the pizza business mounted to $1.01 in EPS in the quarter. As a result, our reported EPS was $1.16.  Before we get into our earnings guidance, I'll take a few minutes to share some highlights of our business results by geography. North America organic net revenues grew by 1.3%. Our base business organic growth was 1.1%, driven by vol/mix growth of 1.5%. That's lower than our long-term targets. Consumer weakness remains a factor, as you have no doubt heard from other companies. Our growth was also tempered by weakness in natural cheese and a significant decline in merchandising at a key customer that impacted us disproportionately. This was most pronounced in our Snacks and Grocery businesses.  Despite that, we're driving strong growth in several priority brands such as Oreo, Philadelphia and Oscar Mayer, with focused investments in marketing and innovation. In fact, we drove consumption growth in approximately 80% of our base business in the U.S. Our Cadbury business, we posted growth of 6.4% in February/March reflecting successful new gum products.  Going forward, we expect the second quarter will continue to be challenging. But the second half will be better, as we lap the merchandising change and continue to benefit from further investments and brand equity. While this means North America will likely be below trend for the full year, this has been built into our guidance.  In terms of profitability, our operating income margin in North America grew to 17.4%. In our base business, OI margin improved by 180 basis points, reflecting productivity savings and vol/mix gains, partially offset by incremental investments in A&C. Our Cadbury business also posted solid profit performance due to favorable product costs, overhead cost savings and a benefit from the timing of marketing spend.  In Europe, combined organic net revenues increased 3.1%. In our base business, organic revenues grew by 2.5%. Vol/mix contributed 4.8 points of growth, with gains across all categories, aided in part by earlier shipments of Easter products.  Pricing was down 2.3 points, as we better aligned pricing with product costs. It's important to note that in 2009, we were diligent in our efforts to price the higher input costs, increase our brand building activities and prune less profitable business. Today, we're seeing the benefits to our top line growth. For instance, in the face of a difficult economic environment, revenues rose in chocolate, coffee and cheese due to new products and increased brand support. And despite some supply problems related to a collapsed roof at a warehouse in France, our performance in biscuits was solid.  Organic net revenues from our Cadbury business grew 5.3%. This reflected double-digit growth of Dairy Milk in Britain and Ireland, as well as a favorable impact from the Easter shift. Operating income margin in Europe rose to 11.6% on a combined basis. Our base business, OI margin improved by 300 basis points, reflecting strong vol/mix gains and increasing investment in advertising. Our Cadbury business also made a solid contribution in the February/March period, reflecting strong vol/mix.  Turning now to developing markets, combined organic net revenue increased 10.8%. On our base business, organic revenues rose 10.7%, driven by 5.9 percentage points from vol/mix gains and 4.8 points from pricing. Collectively, our priority brands grew approximately 19%, as investments made in the fourth quarter of last year paid dividends.  In Asia-Pacific, priority brands grew 30%, led by Oreo and Tang. In Latin America, priority brands grew 22%, led also by Tang. However in CEEMA [Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East And Africa] weak economic conditions and poor category trends tempered growth. But we did gain share in most key markets and priority brands also grew double-digits led by Jacobs. Organic revenues in our Cadbury business grew over 11%, reflecting strength in Latin America and Asia.  New products and improved distribution of gum led to double-digit growth in Latin America. And gains in India and Australia drove growth in chocolate. Our OM margin in developing markets was 13.2%. Strong net revenue growth drove a 120-basis-point improvement in the profit margin of our base business. However, this margin upside was tempered by investments in marketing. Profit performance in our Cadbury business in February/March reflected better alignment of pricing and costs, as well as improved product mix in Latin America and Asia. Overall, the collective performance of our base business in the first quarter was strong and demonstrated solid momentum in every geography as we began the process of integrating Cadbury.  Now I'll turn to our earnings guidance. But before we get into the numbers, I think it's instructive to review the key elements of our 2010 earnings profile: First, for our base business, we are targeting the high-end of our 7% to 9% EPS growth objective. And we expect to deliver against this target. Second, we began consolidating Cadbury's results on February 2. So our full year results will reflect 11 months of earnings, as well as all of the related transaction costs and impacts of asset step-ups.  And the sale of our pizza business closed on March 1. As weve stated before, this will reduce our operating earnings this year. But as you saw in our first quarter results, we recognized a onetime gain on the sale as well as some earnings for the months of January and February.  With those facts as a foundation, let me walk you through the buildup of our 2010 EPS guidance. We start with the fact that 2009 diluted EPS was $2.03. Base Kraft growth should deliver at least $0.18 of additional EPS. We then adjust for the $0.05 impact of the pizza divestiture. This reflects $0.14 of lost operating earnings, including the impact of retained allocated overheads plus a $0.09 benefit to reflect the use of the proceeds. This gets us to EPS from Kraft Foods base business of at least $2.16 for the year, consistent with our previous target.  Next, let's look at the impact of the Cadbury acquisition. Obviously, our P&L will benefit from the additional income generated by the Cadbury business. But in 2010, this will be offset by three things: cost of financing; incremental amortization and depreciation from asset write-ups; and investments in marketing, as we restore our brand support to appropriate levels. All in, the impact of the Cadbury acquisition will reduce our earnings by about $0.16 this year. As a result, we're targeting operating EPS of at least $2. Of course, we'll work hard to deliver additional upside to these numbers, but given the broad range of growth opportunities, our preference would be to spend back any upside this year to stage the business for faster growth in the future.  Below the operating EPS line will be several onetime costs associated with the acquisition and integration of Cadbury, as well as a deferred tax charge related to the recent changes in U.S. health care legislation. In total, we expect those to be around $0.60 per share. Finally, discontinued operations reflects the earnings of the pizza business through March 1 as well as a onetime gain on the sale. Combined, this will result in about $0.95 of additional EPS in 2010.  I would point out that the $1.01 reported in disc ops in Q1 will amount to approximately $0.95 for the full year, due to a difference in average shares outstanding for the respective periods. This gets us to at least $2.35 per diluted share on a reported GAAP basis.  That's the complete picture for our 2010 earnings guidance. There are a lot of moving parts, but our underlying plans have not changed. And we're even more confident today about our ability to deliver them. While 2010 is an unusual year, 2011 will better reflect the benefits of our transformation and our true earnings power. Our 2011 profile is consistent with the target we've given over the past several months: EPS growth is 7% to 9% for the base business and approximately $0.05 accretion from the Cadbury acquisition on a cash EPS basis.  So in light of all the moving pieces in 2010 base, we've set a target of mid-teens growth of operating EPS for 2011. That's mid-teens growth of at least $2 of operating EPS we expect this year. Keep in mind, that's higher than our long-term target of 9% to 11%. This reflects the step-up in savings from integration synergies.  The next slide puts our prospects into a broader perspective. While our base business was poised to deliver sustainable growth in the 7% to 9% range, the acquisition of Cadbury significantly improves our earnings trajectory. As we integrate Cadbury and drive the substantial synergies and growth opportunities now available to us, our combined operating EPS in 2012 will be greater than we could have achieved on our own. Our long-term earnings trajectory is significantly better. Bottom line, the addition of Cadbury will accelerate our long-term earnings growth.  With that, I'll hand it back to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Tim. Before taking your questions, I'd like to take a moment to reflect on our first three months together with Cadbury, as we proceed on our journey to build a global powerhouse. As I said at the outset today, our integration is progressing extremely well. Inevitably though, this process leads to some redundancies. But running an efficient enterprise is necessary to remain competitive for the long term. That philosophy has been part of both companies' cultures. In fact, a long-term leader of Cadbury once put it this way, What destroys jobs certainly and permanently is the failure to remain competitive. The company's prime responsibility to everyone who has a stake in it is to retain its competitive edge, even if this means a reduction in jobs in the short run. That statement is as true today as it was when it was written. We're making the tough choices now that are necessary for long-term success.  I know that there are some concerns about our ability to maintain base business momentum while integrating Cadbury. But I suggest that our strong first quarter results clearly demonstrate that we can, in fact, walk and chew Trident at the same time. That's a real testament to the commitment and capabilities of our people. And I thank them for all they're doing to lay the foundation for top-tier performance.  Now, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: My first question would be that regarding the base Cadbury business. Is there any degree of  well I should say this is really, I guess, a general question for Kraft too, but we heard a lot about incremental marketing and advertising for the business. I guess my first question for base Kraft would be that should be up a lot the way you were talking, I guess, for your business. And the second question would be relative to Cadbury, is there any kind of catch-up or kind of increased investment you want to do now that you own the business?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, Chris, we're continuing to make significant investments in the base Kraft business, as part of our overall effort to restore and continue to build our brand equities. And I think we're seeing the fruits of those labors around the world. With respect to Cadbury, there have been no surprises. The underlying health of the business is quite good, as you can see in the results that we just reported. We do understand though that they made some significant reductions. We had anticipated this in marketing and certainly in the back half of the year as they headed into their defense. And so it was our intention. And we are beginning to execute the increased investment in those businesses and, as I mentioned, particularly gum.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: My second question just related to productivity savings, I guess in relation to input cost inflation for the year, kind of looking at the gross margin. How do you think those are going to try -- I guess the question for Tim, savings coming through at a stronger rate this year. But can you talk about input cost inflation for the year as well?
Timothy McLevish: Yes, I mean there's also all of the input. [Indiscernible] you've seen cocoa and some sugar is higher than normal. We do have a hedge position, both in our base business and in Cadbury. We aren't going to disclose specifics about that, but we're hedged as we'd normally expect. We would anticipate if the prices stay at current levels or perhaps go higher, there would be some pricing later in the year. From productivity -- we're expecting for the most part that our pricing will cover the input costs. There may be a little contribution from productivity to buffer some of the ups and downs over time. But on balance, we'd expect pricing to cover input cost inflation. And the majority of the productivity will cover some inflation of manufacturing costs. But the majority of it will expand the gross margin.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar, Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: First, I just want to make sure I have the guidance straight. The mid-teens EPS guidance for 2011, is that, I guess, on a cash basis? Or is that including or excluding the non-cash amortization?
Irene Rosenfeld: It is on a GAAP basis, well, GAAP-adjusted for the integration costs. But it is after the effect of the additional amortization and depreciation.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Got it, because you have the $2, at least, number for 2010. You grow it at that base, I think you set it the upper end of 7% to 9%. And then you add $0.05. Did I get that straight?
Timothy McLevish: That's correct.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Alright, I think, maybe I'm doing this wrong, but that gets me to maybe sort of 11% or 12% growth. So is that where the, I guess, at least $2 comes into play to get to mid-teens?
Timothy McLevish: There's two ways to go about it. We kind of reconcile it from the past information we've provided. Take the Kraft base for 2010. And to that, grow it 7% to 9% consistent with what weve said. Add $0.05 worth of accretion for Cadbury. And then from that, you need to reduce the effect of the incremental amortization and depreciation. That will get you to the same as about the mid-teens growth from the base $2.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: So it is inclusive of the amortization, as you said?
Timothy McLevish: It is, that's correct.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Second thing would be, I don't think the concept of sort of market share came up over the course of the prepared remarks. And I don't know whether that was purposeful. Is that a metric? I know it's not ideal in the way you put it together. Is that something that you're sort of moving away from in some way? Or did it not necessarily warrant a lot of commentary? And if not, I'm curious as to why.
Irene Rosenfeld: As we said at CAGNY, we continue to trend in the right direction. And if we look at the metric, it would still be north of 50%. The reality is as you said -- and we'll talk more about this as we present our strategic plan in the fall -- it's a less relevant metric today given the portfolio. Three years ago, when we laid this out as a metric, North America was 60% of our revenue, and we had a lot of things that needed to be fixed, particularly in the United States. And so using an aggregate metric like that was a good surrogate for the overall health of the business. Increasingly as our portfolio is more global and very much outside the U.S., we're doing very well there, and we need to figure out a shorthand way to give you some better visibility there. And even within the U.S., things have changed quite a bit. If you look at the portfolio, we've exited pizza. We've added gum and candy. We've got much more business in non-measured channels. And also as we look at the number of our franchises, take Mac & Cheese, for example. Whereas once upon a time, we were focused on growing share, we're now bumping up to some high 70s and 80s shares. And so our focus in that category, for example, is category growth. So all in all, we continue to perform directionally well on the metric. We do think though that as we start to look now at this combined portfolio and its overall profile, that we will want to talk to you about some perhaps better and more useful performance metrics.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: The operating margin in the E.U., I think it was 10.6%, which certainly I think that's as high as we've seen it in a bunch of years. Is the improvement there more structural in nature? In other words, does that represent a reasonably good base that you're going to kind of work from and improve from, from here? Or were there things in there that were more one-off?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, very definitely, it's the beginning of a structural change. If you recall in the fall, the Back to School Conference, Mike Clarke shared with you the plans that he had laid out for E.C., E.U. in terms of restoring the margin profile. And we're about executing that. He's got a lot of things that are working well. And at the same time, I'm particularly pleased that he was able to begin to restore top line growth as well. So the performance of the E.U. is very much on track. I think weve clearly got more work to do, as we make our way toward the margin targets that we've laid out. And I certainly think the combination of the base Kraft Foods business together with Cadbury will help to accelerate that even further.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Aaron of RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: I wanted to ask about the synergy ramp. For 2011, it actually looks a bit stronger than we were expecting. So if you do get 70% of the synergies by next year, it would actually seem that maybe a mid-teens earnings growth rate would be a bit conservative. Should we interpret from that, that maybe you're just going to step-up the marketing investments next year to offset some of those gains?
Timothy McLevish: Yes, you saw the chart. We would expect the ramp-up. We're going aggressively after synergies. We'll benefit by a little bit of it this year, but a big chunk will come in next year. There will be a component, as we've said, that we would like to invest with the newer better portfolio. We have lots of good opportunities to invest for good return and continue to strengthen our business and our brands. And so we would expect that we would invest some of that back. I would think on balance to think probably three-quarters of it, we would let drop to the bottom line. But probably a quarter of it, we would look to reinvest.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Just as a follow-up, there was some confusion when you filed your 8-K a week or two ago about the pension expense that might come over from the Cadbury side. Can you just give us a sense of how much that might add?
Timothy McLevish: We're working with the trustees of the UK pension plan and the Irish pension plan to determine how we may have to fund it. The expense base that was reflected, we've put pro forma numbers that -- we've put them together according to GAAP. But they, in some cases, really were not very helpful in anticipating what the future is going to bring. You saw probably $190 million worth of pension costs. And that was based upon asset values at the end of 2008. And it was higher than we would expect to have on a going-forward basis. And you also saw a fair amount of Vision into Action costs that then reflected in there. So I would use caution in trying to extrapolate off of the pro forma numbers reflected in that 8-K.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: The pricing trajectory from here, I think we came in at sort of slightly positive pricing this quarter. Is the expectation that going forward, that's going to remain fairly flat? Or do you expect it to trend upwards or downwards from here?
Irene Rosenfeld: We'd say certainly in the short term given the economic conditions around the world, that we'd expect pricing to play a relatively smaller part in our overall revenue growth. Certainly over a long-term basis as weve said, we expect the bulk of the revenue to be fueled by volume/mix. The pricing should contribute as well. But in the near-term, we're expecting a modest contribution from pricing.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: And then on the cheese business, which has obviously been struggling on volumes for quite some time now, are you rethinking the adaptive pricing model in there at all? It seems as though the pricing trends, I guess, have driven people down into the private label area? Or was it more that you were cutting back on product range in the natural cheese area? Maybe you could just give us a little bit of color commentary on how you're thinking about that part of the business?
Irene Rosenfeld: If we step back a little bit, Alexia, if you recall two years ago, we set out two priorities on cheese. One was to get the focus and the investment and the resources refocused on our advantage categories. And we've certainly done that. And were seeing good performance on slices, on cream cheese and Velveeta. And we then said we wanted to see less volatility in the earnings on natural cheese. And we wanted to move to more of an adaptive pricing model and price closer to market. We continue to believe that, that is the right way to manage the business. That said, it worked exceptionally well when prices were going up. As prices have come down, were seeing a number of retailers use natural cheese as a loss leader and so we've had a fairly significant hit to our business. But the good news is that our profits have been relatively stable which was the intention behind that tactic. So the good news is we have better profit performance. The bad news is that natural cheese is in the short-term, in the near-term, a drag on our top line. But most importantly, it's manageable within the total portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Banc of America - Merrill Lynch.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: First, on your outlook for organic growth for Cadbury for this year, I think you said in the prepared remarks, 5% for the year. But it was up 8% in the first quarter or so. Can you just talk a little bit about why it slows sequentially?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. You know if you think about it, Bryan, and you look at the comps over the course of the year, there was a fairly significant change in trajectory from the first half to the second half. And so that just reflects the reality that the front half, we're looking at a comp year ago of about 4%. The back half was up about 6%. The other reality is the first half, and the first quarter in particular, benefits from the Easter shift into the first quarter. So it's aided to some extent by the holiday shift. So for both of those reasons, we feel very good about the performance in the first quarter. We feel good about the momentum on the business. But it's a little bit overstated relative to what we would expect for the full year. And we feel pretty good that the 5% number on the full year is a good one.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then, Tim, what was the adjustment for just the financing fee for the quarter, the deal financing fees? I guess what I'm trying to get at is it looks like on the acquisition adjustments on a pretax basis, were lower than on a post-tax basis?
Timothy McLevish: No. We had to capitalize, and GAAP requires us to capitalize advisor fees. There's a big piece of it, and theres a small piece of it where we don't benefit from a tax standpoint, on some of the integration costs as well. So you're seeing the non-deductibility of some of the acquisition-related costs, particularly of that piece.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then the taxes -- if we look at the tax rate that would apply to the $0.49 operating EPS for the quarter. That tax rate looks like it's lower than it would normally be. What was that tax rate?
Timothy McLevish: It's modestly under 30%. We would expect the full year rate on that comparable line in the P&L to be a little bit above 30%. But it's right in that range. So it's pretty normal.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just one last thing, just getting back to the guidance. So it's at least $2 this year. And I guess the midpoint of that range, the mid-teens next year, is $2.30. Is that currency-neutral? Or is that making some accounting for what would happen with currencies?
Timothy McLevish: Within that, were not anticipating currency gains nor losses from current levels. We have a broad portfolio, different currencies to which we're exposed. You saw that we took about $0.03 worth of benefit in the first quarter of this year. But our full year guidance reflects kind of the current currency balance that we see. So we're not anticipating any material plus or minus for currency in 2010. And I would say we extrapolated that into our guidance or target for 2011.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens of J.P. Morgan.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Question on the revenue synergies part. Obviously, you weren't quite as specific there as you were on the cost savings. Could you give us a little more color, Irene, on what you see on that front?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, Terry, the reason we haven't said a lot about revenue synergies at this point is first of all, our first focus is really to get this fundamental integration underway. There's nothing significant baked into our 2010 growth target. But we do, as I said, have robust plans in place in every market. We're actually in the process of vetting those right now and starting to prioritize them. And you will begin to see top line impact from those revenue synergies probably beginning in 2011. We're obviously going to go after some of the quicker wins as is appropriate. But most of the significant benefit to the bottom line will come after 2011, as we make the investments necessary to realize those synergies.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And just to be clear, does that guidance for 2011 include any revenue synergies?
Timothy McLevish: We've given guidance kind of on the bottom line, as Irene just mentioned. We would expect that the cost associated with getting the revenue synergies will kind of neutralize the bottom line impact from the benefit we will receive from the incremental revenue.
Irene Rosenfeld: But the 5%-plus target that I laid out in my remarks, Terry, assumes some revenue synergy in 2011 on the top line, some benefit from it on the top line, but not on the bottom line as I said.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: You called out in the North American results, obviously, there was a merchandising shift at the ever-popular key U.S. retailer. Our information is that, that has resumed; Action Alley, I think, is back five out of the seven days I think. Is that consistent with what you understand? And if so, shouldn't that be a nice lift to our second half or a lift to some degree given that it was absent to a great degree last year?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, without a doubt certainly, as we lap the change in philosophy in the back half of the year, that will be helpful but I would tell you, what we are seeing so far is what I would call Action Alley White. I think were still working through the impact. And importantly, the implications of the change in philosophy. In the face of that though, we continue to invest in our brands. They continue to strengthen. They are must-have brands in our core categories and that ultimately will be what will drive our performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse First Boston, Inc.: Some investors that I talked to about the integration of Cadbury were concerned about integrating the systems and getting quick visibility into the numbers on revenues and costs since Cadbury is so spread out across many different businesses and different countries. Can you tell me what it was like rolling up the numbers during the quarter and whether it's going to get easier as the year goes on? What did you learn during that roll-up?
Timothy McLevish: Clearly, we'll get better. I mean we feel very confident in the numbers as weve rolled them up. The approach we took for the first full half of this year is that we consolidated Cadbury up as they historically have and then we consolidated Kraft up as we historically have and then brought them together. We'll do that for also the second quarter. In the second half of the year, we will begin to consolidate at the regional level as we put the organization in place and assign responsibilities to the leader of the respective geography. So I think we have a good plan laid out. As you know, Cadbury has been largely on SAP system. We have largely an SAP system around the globe and so it will be an easier transition/integration of the systems than would be if we had on disparate systems. We also use Hyberian financial manager consolidation tool to help consolidate from the SAP the various SAP instances around the world so it went reasonably well. I mean we felt very good about the process here. It was well laid out and we'll get progressively better over the course of the year. You may note that some of the detailed information like some of the vol/mix, pricing, et cetera, we don't have as much detail on the Cadbury side as we do on the Kraft side but that will progressively get better over the course of the year.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse First Boston, Inc.: And then also, in your guidance, you say Cadbury is going to grow around 5% this year. Do you have a sense of operating income growth for Cadbury this year? If you strip out some of these acquisition-related costs and the integration costs, is it going to have to grow operating income up 10% or something? Or is it a little bit less because of the marketing investment?
Timothy McLevish: Well, I mean were looking at it as integrated within the consolidated portfolio and as reflected in the guidance weve provided. We'd be reluctant to give too much more specific information on that. You saw some growth in the first couple of months that were consolidated this year. We will step up as we've said. The Cadbury, as a standalone, lightened up on a little bit of their brand building in the second half of this year. We plan to restore. That will put a little pressure. But by the second half of the year, we will have the Cadbury pretty deeply embedded within the Kraft organization that will be very hard to pull it out to identify it. The discrete changes in their earnings levels.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse First Boston, Inc.: Tim, are you guys saying that second quarter EPS, is that going to be down sequentially from first because of the Easter shift? Or just intrinsically, do you have higher EPS in the second quarter?
Timothy McLevish: We really haven't. I mean you can look at historical trends, we haven't given guidance for the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Marketing spending. Irene, I believe that you had planned to reduce your trade spending in order to fund the increase in marketing spending with the target at old Kraft, legacy Kraft, of getting to 9% of sales. You've called out in the at least $2 guidance. And Tim, really, I guess it was you who said this, but you had the additional marketing spending as a key point as to what constrains the number and puts us at that at least $2 point. So can you reconcile for me the previous plan of taking trade dollars and moving them into the SG&A line for brand building on marketing versus what you said in the $2 guidance?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, David, we're still very much on track to do that. And thatll be a continuing conversation. We're obviously not making those changes in every category at once. We're being very thoughtful in terms of how we do that. But we do have a healthy increase planned for 2010. And that's implicit in the guidance that we've given. Long-term, that 8% to 9% target is still what were shooting for. In fact, I would suggest that with the addition of Cadbury, we are probably looking more at the upper end of that target given the category. So we feel very good about the profile of A&C for this year and as we look ahead. But we'll give you  well continue to update that as the year progresses.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: I just want to be clear though, the incremental increase in marketing is a negative to earnings. I suppose I had not exactly thought of it that way if the funding had been coming from the trade promotion line. Do you understand my question?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. I think what we're talking though is incremental spending in addition to what we were doing on the base business. So a lot of that work on the base business is continuing and, to your point, it is not incremental but we see the opportunity as we continue to drive cost savings and we see increasing opportunities around the world to invest to accelerate growth. We're going to use some of that money to invest to further accelerate growth. So there is some base spending that will be shipping within the P&L from trade into advertising and consumer but there also will be some incremental spending that will come from the fact that we have some fairly significant cost savings opportunities.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Tim, in the way you guys present your numbers with the hedging gains and losses, other companies I believe just fundamentally do it differently where if they have a hedging gain or loss that really is going to get resolved in a future period such as General Mills, they call it out within their corporate expense and they just exclude it from the numbers. Is there a reason why you include the gains or losses and then we have to go through all this process of stripping these numbers out? It seems remarkably complicated. You had to go through that explanation of first quarter gains last year and the reversal of the loss. It just doesn't feel like we're matching the period numbers very well. Do you agree or disagree with that?
Timothy McLevish: Well, I mean, the fortunate or unfortunate thing is we need to follow GAAP, and we do follow GAAP, and the GAAP requires that if there are -- maybe there's a difference in the effectiveness of the hedging programs. Some of our hedges are effective and they don't have to be separately bought or marked-to-market at the end of the quarter. We do have some what's called effective hedges and they do stay embedded but the ones that are not effective have to be marked-to-market at the end of the quarter. And that's what you saw at the first quarter of last year. Now we do pull those out from the individual segments and report them just at the corporate level. So consistent with what you suggested, we try to not distort all of the individual segment results by what they have in marked-to-market. We keep it at the corporate level until the hedge actually is settled and then it goes back into the operating unit.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: I would simply suggest that the presentation of the non-GAAP numbers, such as your $0.49, you would just exclude those numbers going forward, because it just seems to be confusing.
Timothy McLevish: I would just point out that there were several of the investors and analysts that suggested they don't like us to have x items reporting. So we're kind of careful to try to get us as close back to pure GAAP, a vanilla GAAP, as we can. But well try to do our best to make it as clear as we can.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Just want to make sure I understand, Tim, that you said on foreign exchange for 2010 in your guidance the rates that you're assuming are basically, lets say the rates as of yesterday. Is that about right?
Timothy McLevish: I dont know well be quite as specific as yesterday but generally, the rates in the marketplace today is -- our full year guidance is predicated on those.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Theres obviously then a tremendous amount of volatility and could potentially be more. And then secondly, Irene, maybe you could just sort of tell us  and it might be too early but -- the things that you, now that you have control of Cadbury, now that youre going through everything and meeting with everybody, the things youre learning from them that are best practices that you think you can bring back to the Kraft organization?
Irene Rosenfeld: Oh absolutely. I think we're learning. I think their management of global categories is a best practice and, as I mentioned, we are organizing our global categories essentially the way that they were organized in an effort to improve the speed of expanding our innovation pipeline and our ability to launch new products around the world. I think their gum, the way they've approached gum innovation, for example, has been a best practice and we're bringing that learning back to our biscuit and to the chocolate business. So that's been an area of great opportunity, I'd say. On the manufacturing side, I think weve got a number of best practices. I alluded to fixing Molene [ph] and the opportunity to bring some of those practices to the Cadbury plants, we believe, will be a key piece of their ability to step-up their productivity. So there's lots of good learning on both sides. I feel particularly good about the ability to capture that learning because weve got a significant representation among our top leaders. About a third of our top 50 leaders come from the Cadbury organization and we're very pleased to have them.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess on Slide 17, Tim, just so I understand it, it seems to me, excluding the onetime stuff that, is the way to read this, that Cadbury was a $0.01 dilutive in the two months you owned it. But that's going to accelerate to $0.16 over the year?
Timothy McLevish: Yes, you actually do read it right, Eric. Remember, we had Cadbury for two months. We had them for probably the richest part of the year, going into the Easter season in February-March. Only part of the financing costs were reflected in the quarter and over the back half of the year. I mean well ramp up some of the investments as we've talked about. But you're exactly right, the $0.16 is our expectation for the full year versus the $0.01 for the quarter.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: The second question is the tax rate  this gets to, I guess, Bryan Spillanes question  but the tax rate applied to the onetime items, so you're saying that thats applied at a less than 30% rate to get the corporate ongoing at, I guess you said, about 29%?
Timothy McLevish: Yes. Yes, I think there's some big disclosure, I think, in the earnings release. But there's a couple of things. Don't forget, a big piece of the about $140 million worth of the tax impact was attributable to the change in legislation with regard to the health care change. But a piece of the transaction cost, meaning that much of the advisory fees for book purposes, expense, but for tax purposes, its capitalized, so consequently we don't get the benefit of the tax effect of that. So that kicks the rate a bit higher and there are some additional of the integration costs particularly when we are in a mix of lower tax jurisdictions where we won't get quite as much benefit of the 30% rate as you pointed out for the integration costs.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Just so I'm clear with the guidance, I mean maybe this is where your largest shareholder is getting to in terms of some public frustration that he said. But you generated about $3.3 billion of operating cash flow last year. With the restructuring charges and stuff, and based on your guidance of over $2 dollars of earnings, that's going to drop below $3 billion, then it should recover to about where you were in '09. But it really starts ramping up in 2012 when the cash restructuring charges end and the other factors kind of flow through. Is that a fair way to look at it?
Irene Rosenfeld: I think that's pretty fair. I mean we do have a $1.3 billion of integration costs that we would expect to -- a very high percent, if not all of them, are going to be cash charges. And that's going to happen over say two and a half years. So we will see depressed cash flows over that time frame.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: If I look at the results, I mean it seems -- based at least on our model -- most of the out-performance came out of Europe from both the Cadbury business and the Kraft heritage business and it seems like a lot of that was currency. And maybe there was a little Easter benefit there too but is it  I mean, how should we think about it, and obviously it's volatile, it's tough to forecast, but in terms of reported sales, is it your sense that given -- I dont know whether Cadbury had any hedges on or something. I mean, with the euro and the pound doing what they're doing, I mean does that -- should we assume like less benefit from currency in those businesses as the year progresses?
Irene Rosenfeld: I would say that we feel very good about the underlying health of the European business. A lot of that growth came out of vol/mix. It was high-quality growth. If you recall, certainly on the legacy Kraft business a year ago, we were still doing a fair amount of pruning. And we told you we needed to lap that so were starting to see some of that play through. We feel very good about the focus again on the base Kraft business, the focus on mix and making sure that we've got good growth and good investment in the categories and the brands and the countries where we have good margin. And I think Cadbury has some similar work going on together with the fact that there's some benefits beginning from some of the cost savings programs from both of the legacy companies. So I think that there's some fundamental structural changes that are driving the performance in Europe. We're very pleased by that performance and we expect that it will continue.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: The strength of the Cadbury business in the U.S. in gum, and I guess mints, it may be two. Did you gain a lot of share because it sounds like Mars-Wrigley may be having some issues or maybe the category has been, I dont know, a bit weaker, I think that's what Hershey said on their call regarding gum. Can you just kind of characterize the strength of that business a little bit more?
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, we felt very good about the gum performance, particularly in the U.S. in the first quarter and it was very much share driven. Actually, we're seeing the category has been a little bit soft. It looks like one of those categories that is impacted by the recession because it's a little bit more discretionary. But we're very pleased with the performance. We had a very solid pipeline of innovation coming from Trident Layers and the prelaunch shipments of Stride Shift. The Shifts coming out as well as Dentyne Pure so there's a very good pipeline of innovation that's contributing. But overall, I feel very good about the performance of our gum business in the first quarter. And we expect continued strength.
Operator: Your final question comes from Diane Geissler of CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Calyon Securities (USA): You may have addressed this earlier in the call and I might have missed it. But can you give me an idea about what your expectations are regarding capital spend behind the combined businesses? Will you have to ramp up CapEx behind Cadbury?
Timothy McLevish: I mean, clearly we'll step it up some to reflect a bigger part of the business. Historically, Kraft has kind of developed so that we think we can fund the growth and the necessary productivity, et cetera, and keep our equipment and facilities in good shape at about 3% of revenues. In recent years, Cadbury has been spending at an appreciably higher rate, somewhere in the 4% to 5% of revenue range. We think that with the combination, that we can bring it back closer to the 3%. There is some difference in the nature of the businesses and the manufacturing processes certainly. But as we combine the business, we think we can bring it much closer to the 3% range. For 2010, our expectation is it's going to be about $1.7 billion versus what we had anticipated, $1.3 billion for the base Kraft.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session of today's call. I will now turn the conference back over to Mr. Chris Jakubik for any closing remarks.
Christopher Jakubik: Thanks, everybody, for joining us today. For those analysts who have additional follow-up questions, Dexter Conquey [ph] and I will be available to take them. And for those in the media that have additional questions, Mike Mitchell will be available to take your calls as well. So with that, thanks very much, and have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-16 10:30:00) =====
Executives:  Irene Rosenfeld  CEO Timothy McLevish  EVP & CFO Chris Jakubik  VP IR
Analysts:  Unspecified Analysts
Presentation: 
Speaker: Good morning everybody. With us today are Chairman and CEO, Irene Rosenfeld; CFO, Timothy McLevish; as well as Chris Jakubik who all of you know well. Now as analysts and a very curious bunch of people, we of course want all the answers yesterday. But given Kraft is still in the midst of closing on the Cadbury acquisition, the company is still subject to some extraordinary disclosure rules that among other things, limit their ability to provide earnings guidance.  Today we hear specifically more about 4Q results, which can provide us a bit more perspective on the progress of the core Kraft business, certainly very important going into a sizable integration process for Cadbury. Irene, Tim, and Chris, thanks very much for joining us and following what was obviously a most interesting and Im sure draining few months, Ill hand it over to Chris for a few additional comments. 
Chris Jakubik: Thanks for having us today and welcome everybody. Before we get started I must deliver a bit of a legal [inaudible], as Andrew referred to. I promise this is not simply a tactic to shorten the time available for Q&A, its much more a function of the extraordinary legal requirements weve had to comply with of late.  So as you know, during this presentation we may make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today so they contain an element of uncertainty.  Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties, so please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our SEC filings for a more detailed explanation of the inherent limitations in such forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks will include non-GAAP financial measures and you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our news release. Also, in connection with our acquisition of Cadbury I would encourage everyone to read the various filings that Cadbury and we have made with the SEC because they contain important information related to this transaction. I will also note that we continue to be restricted by the UK listing authority in terms of what we can say, particularly around financial guidance, whether in the current year or on a longer term basis.  So with that out of the way, let me turn it over to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld : Thanks Chris, and good morning to all of you. Hows your New Year been? Weve been a little busy. But I must say its especially nice to see so many familiar faces in the audience today. There are three things that we want to address today. First were exiting the turnaround that I laid out three years ago on this very stage, with strong operating and financial momentum. Id like to take a few minutes to review the progress we made in 2009, including some highlights from our fourth quarter results announced earlier this morning.  Second, Ill review our combination with Cadbury and underscore again why we believe the combination of Kraft Foods and Cadbury has created a global powerhouse, one that can deliver top tier margins and growth on a sustainable basis.  And third, Timothy will provide an update on the transaction, where we are in the process including our early thoughts on integration. So lets begin. Three years ago we laid out our plan to return Kraft Foods to long-term sustainable growth. In the first year we said we would rejuvenate top line growth and we did.  In the second year we said we would grow both the top and the bottom lines, and we did. In the third year we said we would focus on building our profit margins and market share and as weve done this we have a strong foundation underlying our long-term model, targeting EPS growth of 7% to 9%.  Three years ago no one could have predicted the environment we faced in the ensuing years, from record high input costs to global recession. But despite it all we did what we said we would do and weve emerged a much stronger company.  We began our turnaround by decentralizing and aligning our businesses and functions with common incentives. Our business unit leaders have been focused on three simple metrics; revenue growth, income growth, and cash flow.  And theyve been the key drivers of our turnaround. Over the past three years weve made tremendous progress on each measure. Since 2006 on average weve driven 4.5% organic revenue growth per year. Weve made significant investments in product quality, marketing, and innovation while growing operating income 10% per year on average and raising our operating income margin to 13.7% in 2009. Thats up from 12.6% in 2008. Weve put a greater focus on cash flow and its paid off. In 2009 we generated cash flow equal to 124% of our net earnings. Thats up from 83% in 2006. But the true measure of success for any turnaround is how well weve staged our business for future growth.  On that criteria I am pleased to report that we exited 2009 with strong operating and financial momentum. Since 2007 weve invested more than $500 million to improve our product quality. As our products have gone from good enough to truly delicious, consumers have noticed.  Today about two thirds of our products are preferred to the competition versus only 44% in 2006. Putting quality back into our products and differentiating ourselves from the competition has enabled us to reestablish our pricing power.  And as a result of stronger brand equities, weve been able to manage higher input costs and improve the alignment of our prices and our cost structure while still investing in our franchises. This was a necessary step to restoring profit margins and it has been a key contributor of our results to date.  As a consequence going forward the ability to manage changed in input costs through pricing will allow more of our productivity gains to flow to the bottom line. Another example of our operating momentum has been our improvement in volume and product mix despite significant headwinds.  The challenging economic environment has led to weakening consumption trends around the world. In North America unemployment is higher than its been in 18 years and many of those who hold a job dont feel secure.  In Europe unemployment continues to rise both in Western and Easter Europe and in Asia and Latin America while consumption is still growing, its well below historical levels. From a planning perspective were expecting a continuation of these trends until at least the back half of 2010. But were certainly not sitting still in the face of these macroeconomic factors. Weve taken some strategic actions over the past several quarters to discontinue less profitable product lines and to forgo unprofitable volume, thereby resetting our revenue base.  While this has reduced near-term volume, its clearly been the right long-term decision and enables us to grow off of a much stronger base. Despite these headwinds you can see that we delivered sequential improvement in vol/mix in every quarter of 2009.  Having said that I do want to acknowledge that our fourth quarter came in somewhat lighter than our forecast of approximately 3% growth. Why is that? Two reasons, one is lower than anticipated consumer off take for the macroeconomic reasons I just cited, particularly in North America and Europe.  The other is that we made the decision to avoid chasing certain US competitors particularly in mainstream coffee, and snack nuts. Competitors that were chasing unprofitable unsustainable volume. Instead we chose to invest in more sustainable long-term brand building by significantly increasing our fourth quarter advertising and consumer spending.  This will clearly pay dividends in 2010. Nonetheless in contrast to many of our peers, we continue to drive sequentially better volume mix in the fourth quarter delivering more than 1.2 points of growth. Looking at another measure of our momentum, were expanding both gross and operating margins while continuing to invest in future growth. In 2009 we increased our advertising and consumer spending to 7.2% of net revenues, thats up from 6.7% in 2008. Whats more A&C spending increased even though advertising rates have come down considerably year over year.  Take a look at three of our newest spots from the US. [visual presentation] These spots have been extremely well received and are doing a great job of building our brand franchises. In addition to increasing our marketing investments, we were able to accelerate a number of cost savings programs, primarily related to our reorganization in Europe and our broader overhead initiatives. We spent more than $300 million in 2009, considerably higher than the more than $200 million we had identified in early November. As this chart shows weve improved our operating margin year over year in every quarter of 2009.  Vol/mix continued to be a key driver of margin upside. In the fourth quarter vol/mix drove 70 basis points of margin improvement and for the full year operating margin rose to 13.7% with vol/mix driving 50 basis points of the increase.  As you can see weve made good progress toward our goal of restoring our profit margins to industry benchmarks while still investing significantly in productivity and brand building. Finally our momentum is broad based. To be fair were not pitching a perfect game. As you know thats difficult when youre managing a broad portfolio.  But our businesses in each region are making good progress against their objectives in a very difficult environment. Lets take a closer look at each regions starting with North America. In the fourth quarter organic net revenue declined 2.7%. This was due entirely to a pricing decline of almost four percentage points.  Lower dairy costs and the related adjustments under our adaptive pricing model represented about two and a half percentage points of the decline. Vol/mix rose more than one percentage point fueled by growth in priority categories.  This growth was tempered by three factors, first we continued to optimize the size of our natural cheese business. This more than offset the vol/mix gains in our more profitable priority brands; Kraft Singles, Philadelphia Cream Cheese, and Velveeta.  Second we made the conscious decision not to chase unsustainable promotional activity in both mainstream coffee and snack nuts. And third we saw declines in a number of our noncore biscuit brands. This was the result of weaker trends in the biscuit category in the second half of the year due to reduced merchandising at a key customer.  Operating income margin in North America rose to 16.6% in the fourth quarter as we improved the alignment between input costs and pricing. Its also important to note that margins rose even as we made significant investments in cost savings and market initiatives.  In fact we increased our investments in A&C at a double-digit rate versus the prior year. For the full year organic net revenue in North America declined slightly. During the year we effectively managed the transition to vol/mix driven growth from price-based growth.  In the end the contribution from pricing was a negative 50 basis points due entirely to 160 basis point impact from lower dairy costs. Priority categories fueled the gains in vol/mix. However these gains were offset by a 70 basis point impact from discontinuing less profitable product lines.  The good news is that as we exited the fourth quarter weve now fully lapped the major product line discontinuations and will be on an apples to apples basis going forward. Segment operating income rose to 17.3%, again better alignment of inputs costs and pricing drove the improvement despite incremental investments in cost savings and marketing.  In terms of US market share as we lapped the significant pricing actions of 2008 were making slow but steady progress in regaining US market share. Our 52-week trends are improving with 45% of our retail revenue gaining or holding share.  Were not yet where we want to be but we expect this positive trend to continue in 2010. In fact according to the data weve just received we are gaining or holding share in well over 50% of our US retail revenue for the 52 weeks ending January.  Turning now to Europe, organic net revenues were down slightly as we continued to take the necessary actions to improve margins. The discontinuation of product lines and our decision to forego unprofitable volume resulted in a two-percentage headwind to vol/mix.  In addition the economic slowdown has continued to negatively impact consumption with particular weakness in Spain, Portugal, and France. And given the strong position of the LU biscuit brands in these markets it caused a modest revenue decline on our overall European biscuit business as well.  Despite the difficult economic conditions we posted solid market share in most categories due to continued investments in our focus brands. At the profit line fourth quarter operating margins were 8.2%. Improved product mix contributed 90 basis points of the margin improvement. But this was offset by significant investments in cost savings initiatives and a strong increase in marketing investments to support our priority brands.  For the full year our European business posted solid results in a very eventful year. We shifted to a category led operating structure and integrated the LU biscuit business, all while managing through a very tough recession. On the top line organic revenue in Europe declined by one percent as vol/mix was negatively effected by the discontinuation of products lines and our decision to forego on profitable volume.  At the same time market share performance was good, particularly in chocolate, coffee, and cheese. On the bottom line, our operating income margin rose to 9%. Vol/mix improved margins by 90 basis points while we continued to make major investments in cost savings initiatives and marketing.  Turing to developing markets, organic revenues grew by more than 10% in the fourth quarter. Our priority brands drove strong revenue gains across the board. In Asia priority brands grew about 30%. In Latin America, up 25% and in CEEMA, up double-digits. Whats more, we grew market share in almost every one of our key country category combinations.  Operating margin was 8.1%. This reflects improved vol/mix and cost price alignment offset by strong double-digit increases in A&C spending versus the prior year. Our full year developing market results showed that our 5-10-10 focus continues to pay off.  We posted strong revenue and share growth despite softening category trends. Overall organic revenues grew nearly 10% and our priority brands grew even faster, up 18%. Operating income margins were 11.8% and as in every region we continued to invest in additional cost savings initiatives and incremental A&C, to fuel future growth. As a result of the improved regional operating performance weve got strong underlying financial momentum. In 2009 we earned $2.03 per diluted share. That represents 7% EPS growth over 2008 on a GAAP basis and 14% growth on a constant currency basis.  Id also note that our 2009 EPS includes a negative impact of $0.04 from expenses related to the Cadbury transaction. I know that breaking the $2.00 barrier may seem like the end of an era for many of you, but rest assured its just the beginning from our perspective. In fact lets take a closer look at the drivers of EPS growth.  As you can see on this chart operating gains were a key driver, delivering $0.15 of improvement over prior year. Weve also made exceptional progress in terms of cash flow. In no small measure this reflects the fact that cash flow is now a key compensation metric for our managers.  We generated significant gains in 2009 from intense focus on working capital efficiency and improved earnings while ensuring were supporting our growth with sufficient CapEx. Looking at the numbers, free cash flow for 2009 increased 35% to $3.8 billion. I would note that we got a working capital benefit due to timing of some payables at the end of the year.  But even excluding this impact, our free cash flow still rose considerably in 2009. So, to recap the progress weve made were exiting our turnaround with our base operations in great shape in every region around the world and their solid momentum behind each line of our P&L. The four turnaround strategies I laid out three years ago, have positioned us well to deliver sustainable profitable growth. And as promised the flywheel is now turning. I firmly believe that going forward we can benefit now from a virtuous cycle. Were setting growth objectives off a solid base. Were managing input costs by maintaining strong brand equities and pricing accordingly. Were driving vol/mix gains through focused prioritized investments. Were leveraging our scale while driving down overhead costs, and were meeting or exceeding our earnings commitments while reinvesting in future growth.  Weve made good progress but were certainly not satisfied that our base business has reached its full potential. We remain focused on driving further improvements in our vol/mix growth and in strengthening US market shares.  Weve essentially completed our product line discontinuations and we now have a solid base from which to grow. Well continue to further optimize trade spending while increasing A&C. And as the economic environment stabilizes and consumer sentiment improves, well be shifting the balance of efforts back toward new product development from value based marketing.  On the cost side were continuing to execute significant programs to improve productivity and reduce overhead. Were well into the execution phase of our end to end productivity programs and the overhead cost reset initiatives we outlined in September.  These initiatives will enable us to continue to fuel our investments in quality, marketing, and innovation while delivering on our targets of reaching mid teens margins on our base business by 2011. So as Ive said before we didnt need to acquire Cadbury to deliver our existing growth targets.  In fact when we first announced our intention to acquire Cadbury, many of you asked, why now? And the answer is that having successfully reinvigorated our base business, were now ready to write the next chapter in our transformation.  The time is right for us to accelerate our transformation from a position of strength. We can leverage our strong financial momentum to accelerate our progress. And weve prepared our organization to execute with excellence in a number of important ways.  Weve strengthened our leadership team. Weve streamlined our organizational structure. And our global organization has the skills and appetite to integrate a large scale combination. Now were ready to take both Kraft Foods and Cadbury to a level neither could reach on its own, and create a combined growth company with unmatched talent, brands, capabilities, and resources.  Lets take a brief look at the newest member of our family. [visual presentation] As Ive said over the past several months, this combination is all about growth. The new Kraft Foods will deliver top tier organic revenue growth through a focus on higher growth, higher margin categories and expanding footprint in developing markets and a greater presence in growing trade channels.  And well target industry leading margins through improved product mix and leveraging our global scale. Cadbury and Kraft each had strong plans to get to mid teen margins prior to our combination. And the synergies inherent in combining the two companies will enable us to take things to a whole new level of long-term growth and margin potential.  Lets start with our category mix, the fast growing confectionery and snack segments will now make up the majority of our portfolio. In fact almost 70% of our revenue outside North America now comes from snacks and confectionery, two rapidly growing highly expandable categories.  We go to market with a portfolio of iconic brands that consumers around the world love and trust. In fact we now have 11 brands with annual revenues of more than a billion dollars, six of them are confectionery and snacks brands.  And we have at least one billion dollar brand in every consumer segment in which we compete. On a local basis were even stronger, 80% of our worldwide revenues are derived from brands where we hold the number one market position.  This is driven by more than 70 brands including more than 40 confectionery brands with revenues in excess of $100 million. These brands are icons in their respective markets. We take enormous pride in our stewardship of these brands and the legacies entrusted to our care.  And Im confident that these beloved brands will thrive with focused incremental marketing and merchandising investments that we can now provide. From a geographic perspective more than half of our business is now outside North America. More than a quarter of our revenue comes from fast growing developing markets, up from 20% before.  Our developing markets scale is now greater than any of our North American food peers. And this scale, this presence is the cornerstone on which we will grow our strong brands even faster. For instance as weve said before the geographic footprint of Kraft and Cadbury is highly complementary. We now have considerably greater scale in key developing markets that will benefit all of our categories.  As this chart shows combined net revenues will be approximately $1.5 billion in Brazil, $1 billion in Russia, about $400 million in India, $500 million in China, and about $800 million in Mexico. This will lead to significant revenue synergies as we expand the distribution of each of our respective brands into new markets.  For example products under the Cadbury and Trident brands will benefit from a substantially strengthened presence in countries like Brazil, Russia, and China. For Kraft brands such as Oreo and Tang, Cadbury gives us a meaningful entry into India, and fundamentally transforms the reach of our brands in Mexico, and South Africa. But thats only half the story, we now go to market from an even stronger position. Together we possess exceptional and complimentary sales and distribution capabilities. Kraft Foods is strong in modern retail channels, that is traditional grocery stores. Indeed our scale is unmatched in North America where we have unique capabilities to drive performance. And as large retail formats grow globally, were in a strong position to capitalize on that. At the same time Cadbury is very strong in instant consumption channels. This is an important class of trade in both developed and developing markets, in part because instant consumption channels provide incremental reach to large retail formats.  Whats more these channels typically carry opportunities for higher margins and higher growth and nowhere is this more important than in the confectionery and snack segments. From a distribution perspective our leadership in confectionery is highly complementary to our biscuit business and being a global leader in both confectionery and biscuits will not only provide our combined business with significant scale but also with exciting innovation platforms.  Together we will be the global leader in sweet snacks with leading market shares in every major region in the world. This scale will be an increasing source of competitive advantage in both the confectionery and snack segments and the food industry as a whole.  For these reasons Im highly confident that we are well positioned to drive top tier organic revenue growth for the foreseeable future. Our portfolio is now more heavily weighted towards faster growing categories and geographies. And on top of that we have a long runway of meaningful revenue synergies ahead of us with every geography benefiting.  In the end I firmly believe that this portfolio with its unique profile can deliver at least 5% organic revenue growth on a consistent basis over the long-term. This assumes highly achievable growth objectives for every geography, 3% to 5% in North America, 2% to 3% in Europe, and 10% plus in developing markets.  On the cost side we will access the benefits of our significant global scale with about $50 billion in revenue, were the worlds second largest food company and number one in North America. But Im not talking about big for bigness sake. In an ever consolidating marketplace scale is a source of great competitive advantage.  Our size and presence in more than 160 countries gives us that scale. Great scale should lead to meaningful cost savings. As you know both Kraft and Cadbury each has strong cost savings pipelines. But were targeting cost synergies of at least $675 million on top of each companys base plans including Cadburys vision into action program.  Thus far weve identified potential annual pre-tax cost savings in three areas; operational synergies of $300 million. The result of efficiencies and economies of scale in procurement, manufacturing, customer service, logistics, and R&D, general and administrative synergies of approximately $250 million, and marketing and selling synergies of $125 million from efficiencies in economies of scale and marketing, media, and selling expense.  We expect to achieve the run rate on those savings by the end of the third year and we estimate one off implementation cash costs of about $1.3 billion. We believe these targets are highly achievable. Well provide more detail on the flow of both the costs and the benefits, in the coming months.  This strong pipeline of cost savings initiatives is designed to accelerate our margin expansion. Productivity savings will better leverage our scale in manufacturing and operations. Well leverage our overhead costs to fuel further margin expansion. Well use a portion of these savings to fund higher A&C as a percent of net revenue.  And well increase investments in sales, R&D, and marketing to support future growth. As a result I firmly believe we can simultaneously fuel investments in quality, marketing and innovation for top line growth while still delivering healthy sustainable margin expansion. In fact weve set our sights on a long-term operating profit margin in the mid to high teens, up from 13.7% in 2009. This combination improves our overall growth profile and positions us for sustainable, profitable growth in the top tier of our industry.  Well be driving high quality organic revenue growth, executing a strong pipeline of cost savings initiatives while still increasing investments in marketing, sales, and R&D. As we do this were targeting long-term organic revenue growth to accelerate from 4% or more to 5% or more.  Well drive our margins as I said to the mid to high teens, and well enhance our long-term EPS growth rate from 7% to 9%, to 9% to 11%. We know that these are aggressive financial targets but we also know that we have a very unique portfolio and a unique set of opportunities in front of us. I look forward to updating you on our progress in the months ahead. Now let me turn it over to Timothy McLevish. 
Timothy McLevish : Thanks Irene, and good morning. At this point Id like to update you on the status of our transaction and discuss what you can expect from us going forward. First, heres where we stand in the tender offer, as of February 4, 75% of Cadbury shares had been tendered which enabled us to initiative the delisting process.  So Cadbury will be delisted from the London Stock Exchange as early as March 8. In terms of tenders received to date, as of late last week over 90% had been tendered and yesterday, we initiated the process for a compulsory acquisition also known as a squeeze out.  So within six to seven weeks, we expect to own 100% of Cadbury. And finally, through yesterday weve completed settlement of all shares accepted through February 2 or about 72%. Weve also completed the financing for the transaction. On this chart you can see a profile of our current debt including Cadburys outstanding debentures.  Earlier this month we successfully raised $9.5 billion in the US in a four tranche bond offering. As we committed at the outset of this process, weve maintained our investment grade credit rating, importantly while maintaining good access to tier 2 commercial paper.  We expect to reduce our debt to EBITDA ratio to around three times over the next 18 to 24 months. Well deliver through a combination of debt reduction and EBITDA growth. Well apply proceeds of approximately $2.5 billion from the sale of our pizza business. Also, under the terms of our agreement with European Commission, were required to divest certain Cadbury operations in Romania and Poland.  The combined revenue of these businesses is approximately $200 million, so these divestitures will provide additional funds albeit modest, to further de-levering. As weve stated throughout the transaction, well maintain our dividend. However until our debt leverage targets are achieved, we have no plans to increase it, nor will we be repurchasing any shares.  We also expect to draw on our bridge facility in the near-term but well quickly take out the balance through a combination of proceeds from the pizza divestiture, and cash generated from our operations. From the very beginning of this process, we set out four key criteria to maintain financial discipline.  First, accretive to cash EPS in the second year. This transaction is expected to add approximately $0.05 to earnings in 2011, the first full year of our combined companies. Second, a return on investment well in excess of our cost of capital, and we expect to deliver mid teens internal rate of return.  Third, maintain our investment grade credit rating. This has been confirmed by the rating agencies. And fourth, maintain our dividend per share. With our strong cash flows and the capital structure weve put in place, we expect to work down our leverage while still maintaining our dividend.  Throughout the process there were some doubters and much talk about the ultimate size of our checkbook. But as you can see the final terms of the deal fell well within the bounds of our original criteria.  So not only is this deal a strategic homerun, weve touched all the bases on the financial front as well. Let me now turn to integration, at this point weve been working with the Cadbury team for less than two weeks. While we dont have all the answers yet, I can share some early thoughts about how we will proceed.  Lets start with back room systems and processes, it will generally be more cost effective and efficient to adopt the Kraft platform. On the other hand, with front room activities, well go with the best practice from whichever company has it. And when it comes to people decisions, well chose the best person for the right role.  And how will we make those decisions? We have a global team of executives from both companies in charge of bringing our companies together; Tim Cofer is leading from Kraft and hes paired with Mark Reckitt from Cadbury. Tim is ideally suited for his role. Hes an 18 year veteran of Kraft. He most recently led our pizza business.  Perhaps even more important, Tim managed our 26 country European chocolate business from 2003 through 2006. Hes a proven leader who is familiar with growth businesses, and has a relentless focus on costs and quality.  Working hand in hand with Tim will be Mark Reckitt. Mark is a 20 year Cadbury veteran. He knows the company through and through from structure to financials to people. Indeed hes been a chief architect of the strategies that have made Cadbury so successful. Were delighted that Mark has accepted our offer to partner with Tim in helping us combine our two great companies. Mark embodies the heart and soul of Cadbury. We know hell be a great partner in helping up truly capture the best of both and capitalize on the growth opportunities created by this combination.  As we work our way through this, Tim, Mark, and the rest of the team will be guided by six practical principles. First and foremost, well maintain business momentum. Many integrations fails, not because of the cost synergies have not been captured but rather because the base businesses have not been properly looked after.  Well minimize the disruption to our day to day business so as to keep building and growing our brands. Second principle, well follow the money using the 80/20 rule. By that we mean spending time on those things that will bring the greatest benefit to the organization. Third, capture best of both. Fourth, treat people fairly and with respect. Fifth, move quickly. And sixth, communicate, communicate, and communicate.  The process will be as fair and as transparent as possible. And were going to move quickly but prudently. The reality is we all have a lot of homework to do because of the way this transaction came together. Were just starting some critical conversations. So when can you expect some more answers, let me share a timeline.  Within the first 45 days, we intend to name the executive team, the leaders of the regions, areas and countries and direct reports to the functional leaders. Once those are completed and within the first 90 days, we intend to announce the next level of management for each region, country, and category.  Well also determine whether and how well consolidate any region, area, and country office locations or our various research and development facilities. Within six months well finalize the blueprint for our combined manufacturing network.  I hope now you can appreciate all thats going on, to ensure both a smooth integration and to validate or original assumptions on the deal. Which brings me to earnings guidance, at present our ability to issue earnings guidance remains limited for two important reasons.  First, UK listing authority rules require any earnings forecast to be reported upon by an independent third party and I can tell you from recent experience, its a time consuming and expensive process. Second, and even more important, is the fact that its still very early in the integration process.  As I mentioned weve had less than two weeks to evaluate Cadburys existing operating plans and financial statements and to begin verifying our initial assumptions regarding synergies. We wont make you wait six months. We expect to issue 2010 earnings guidance and an outlook for 2011 when we announce our first quarter results in May.  In the meantime, this is what I can offer to help you build your models. We delivered $2.03 per diluted share in 2009, in line with our recent guidance. We continue to target EPS growth for the Kraft Foods base business at the high end of our 7% to 9% long-term growth objective in the near-term.  We will be consolidating Cadbury results from February 2 onward. Were targeting about $0.05 cash accretion to our 2011 base business from the Cadbury acquisition. That excludes one-time implementation costs of about $1.3 billion which will be incurred over the next three years.  It also excludes expenses related to the transaction and the incremental non-cash items such as the amortization of intangibles, related to the acquisition. The divestiture of our pizza business is expected to lower earnings by about $0.05 per share on an annual basis. And that transaction is expected to close in mid 2010. Overall the combination of Kraft Foods and Cadbury promised to deliver substantial value for our shareholders. This combination will increase our long-term growth targets while still generating significant near-term benefits.  It will accelerate our long-term growth targets to 5% plus on the top line and our long-term EPS growth target to 9% to 11%. At the same time we expect the transaction will be accretive to cash EPS and have a mid teens internal rate of return.  Together these benefits result in a transformational combination that will create a top tier performer in the global food industry. Thank you, and now wed be happy to take your questions. 
Unspecified Analyst : If I could just ask a portfolio question here, using Maxwell House as kind of an example, I know youre doing some trending there, but when you look at some of the sales declines notably Wal-Mart that comes to mind, I guess a person more cynical than myself might suspect youre setting this thing up for sale, which I know you cant comment on but just portfolio decisions henceforth, do you think were through with divestitures in North America and maybe a little more color on what might be divestitures as you merge with Cadbury. 
Irene Rosenfeld : Sure weve got a pretty big [win] to swallow right now and I think were feeling awfully good about the fundamental profile of the portfolio. I like the category composition. I feel very good about the geographic footprint particularly in developing markets. We like the channel profile, and were going to spend the foreseeable future integrating it and delivering on the financial commitments that weve made.  We will continue to look at our portfolio as we always do and well keep you posted as things evolve but I feel quite comfortable with the portfolio as it sits today and most importantly quite confident that we can deliver on the financial commitments that weve laid out. 
Unspecified Analyst: Following up on divestitures a little bit, I think a lot of us were surprised to see pizza as a choice for something you would sell. Wasnt that long ago that might have been described as the crown jewel of the North American business. Could you talk as much as you can about how much of that choice to divest that was just it was a large attractive asset that was salable in the current environment and how much of it is that maybe some of the developments weve heard about discounting-wise in the frozen food arena, thats become very, very competitive. How much of that was actually tactical in that perspective. 
Irene Rosenfeld : The divestiture of pizza was an important strategic decision for us. It was not something we were looking to sell, but the reality was as we looked ahead at the future of that business, the challenge is its a frozen business. We dont have any frozen assets outside North America. It did not scale well within our wall to wall capability in North America which is an important competitive advantage as you know.  And so from a strategic perspective it was a good business to think about divesting at some point. We didnt necessarily, wouldnt have chosen today except for the fact that we had a very good offer and it made very good economic, had very good economic returns for us. So it was a difficult decision but I think it was the right decision for the long-term profile of our portfolio. 
Unspecified Analyst: Just in terms of your margin targets, you ended last year with a 13.7 margin, used to do 20% several years ago. I believe you proposed something on the order of 30 planned. Fourth quarter margin were only 11.8, why should we believe your targets for Cadbury frankly would seem very aggressive given your record. 
Irene Rosenfeld : Well I think that weve made very good progress in delivering on the margin commitments that weve made. We said we would expand margins this year and as you saw we were up about 450 basis points. I feel very good about the progress overall both at the gross margin level and then at the operating margin level.  I think the fundamental programs that weve laid out on our base business in terms of overhead and end to end productivity will continue to drive the margins toward the mid teens commitment that weve made by 2011 for our base business. And then the overlay of the synergy on top gives us some added opportunity.  So I think net, net we are not going back to 20. Ive been quite clear about that. That was not a sustainable level but Im quite confident that we can deliver in the mid teens and that were well on our way to get there. 
Timothy McLevish : I will just add to that, the fourth quarter is not typically our strongest quarter of the year and we did, you may recall it one year ago, one year ago that the global economic situation was virtually in crisis. At that time we chose to gait some of our spending. So we lightened up our spending in the first half of the year. We started to release that in the second half.  Some of that got released in the fourth quarter and I would say we heavied up on a lot of our spending in the fourth quarter which took down the margins, but that was the right thing to do for our business. 
Unspecified Analyst: I wanted to touch base on working capital if you could. You mentioned that as consumer confidence increases, youre going to shift some of the value based spending approach to more new product development again and thats something we normally associate with a build up of inventory which can be a drain on your cash flow. Can you talk about what your expectations are in terms of working capital as a source or use of cash flow and how that may or may not impact your ability to de-lever in the near-term.  
Timothy McLevish : Let me tell you to start out, I sat here two years ago and committed that Kraft could generate an additional billion dollars worth of cash flow and I guess I just didnt realize that it comes quickly as it did. Irene commented that the 4.2 or 3.8 that we actually generated depending upon which level you look at it was aided by some, a lot of the late year of spending that I mentioned in the fourth quarter sat in accruals or sat in payables at year end.  So theres probably about a half of billion dollars worth of what I will call not sustainable level of working capital. I will say though, yes, we do commit to increase our new product development. We still have a ways to go in lowering our overall inventory levels and our working capital levels. We have engaged this year in our project saver which is a sourcing initiative to generate a fair amount of reduced costs but also to extend the terms and to get all of our terms right in our payables.  So I think theres still working capital improvement opportunity. Some of it may be absorbed as we expand inventories a little bit, maybe geographically or in new product development but I think on balance working capital will still be a source of cash flow as we go forward. 
Irene Rosenfeld : Well show those actual targets with you in May when we give our guidance for 2010 but Im quite comfortable that targets that weve laid out will provide adequate capital expenditure as well as provide for the inventory build on some of these new products while at the same time delivering against the EPS commitments well provide. 
Unspecified Analyst: Just a point of clarification, 2011 cash EPS accretion, whats that accretive to. Is it accretive to
Timothy McLevish : Well its accretive to the base business weve established. The best unfortunately that we havent laid out specifically but we said that were going to be at the high end of our 7% to 9% long-term growth targets in the near-term. So I would apply that to 2011.
Unspecified Analyst: So where that trajectory would have been for 2011
Timothy McLevish : Where that trajectory would have taken you to 2010 into 2011, from that we would expect to be $0.05--
Unspecified Analyst: And thats with our without the pizza dilution. 
Timothy McLevish : Thats, pizza needs to be adjusted. 
Unspecified Analyst: Just a point of clarification, the pizza dilution, that was a full year basis or half year. 
Timothy McLevish : Thats on a full year basis. Obviously we expect that well close sometime mid year so it will be kind of half that for the first year. And thats not a forever thing. The majority of that is stranded overheads that well be working on bringing back down over the coming years. 
Unspecified Analyst: Just two quick comments, I think its somewhat scary to say $0.05 dilution from that, $0.05 accretion from Cadbury. The transactions are obviously related. Im not sure how you really check the box at the top there that says we delivered on year two accretion. And then just also was we go forward on this process, the mixing of volume and mix is really, you might as well say volume and color, theyre just not related and it would be much more helpful, Kraft for years and years and years delivered a tonnage or a volume number and particularly as this acquisition goes forward and if were to judge you on have you reestablished this virtuous cycle which wed love to see, but we got to see volume to know that. 
Timothy McLevish : I would not agree with your assertion that its like mixing with volume with color, there is a real reason why we chose to bring them together and largely it relates from our ready to drink business which is very heavy and to the extent that we would see significant distortions when we would see volume up in ready to drink and it would take our mix down and vise versa. So we chose to bring them together. However for the last two years since weve put it in place, weve been hearing pretty consistently that thats not something that is well received by analysts and investors and we are looking at ways of better giving you the information that you need without combining them. We have some ideas, we need to flesh them out.
Irene Rosenfeld : If its any consolation, Cadbury has the same problems. Theyre selling a lot of [Wispa] and very lightweight things which is messing up their volume as well. So we need to figure this out but we understand your issues and we will attempt to deal with it. 
Unspecified Analyst: Just in terms of your base business, the fourth quarter vol/mix trends for your base business, the 1.6% growth is an improvement but you were lapping a pretty easy comparison a year ago in the fourth quarter so can you just elaborate on some of the factors in the fourth quarter and whats to say that some of the heightened promotional activity that youve seen in some of your categories really doesnt spread it into the other categories. 
Irene Rosenfeld : I feel very good about the progress weve seen in the fourth quarter. As we said it came in a little bit lighter than we had hoped but the reality is as we start to get some of the unsustainable volume out of the base as we start to see some of the promotional activity subsiding, we expect that we will see the necessary progress. I was pleased to see progress in market share. I was pleased to see the contribution of vol/mix improving even though it didnt quite hit the number that we had expected to see and we did see very strong profit and cash flow growth which we expect to continue. So I expect that the first quarter will reflect the continued improvement in our underlying vol/mix health and in our trends and that should play through not only in our aggregate revenue growth but also in our market share particularly in our US categories.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Jakubik - Vice President Investor Relations  Irene B. Rosenfeld - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Timothy R. McLevish - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President W. Anthony Vernon - President of Kraft North America
Analysts: Jon Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital  Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Terry Bivens  JP Morgan Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Ed Aaron - RBC Capital Markets  Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs Bryan Spillane  Bank of America Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Tim Ramey  D.A. Davidson Analyst for Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company
Operator: Good day and welcome to Kraft Foods third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Chris Jakubik, Vice President, Investor Relations for Kraft. Please go ahead, Sir.
Chris Jakubik: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us on our conference call. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and Tim McLevish, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release was sent our earlier today and is available on our website, kraftfoodscompany.com. We have also made available on our website a set of slides that we will refer to during our prepared remarks. As you know, during this call we may make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today so they contain an element of uncertainty. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties, so please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the company's 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more detailed explanation of the inherent limitations in such forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks will include non-GAAP financial measures and you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our news release. Also, in connection with the possible combination with Cadbury PLC, whether or not we choose to proceed with a formal offer, we may be filing certain documents with the SEC in the future. I would encourage all investors to read these because they will contain important information. Those documents can be found if an when filed on the SECs website.  I will also note that as a result of the possible combination announced on September 7th, we are now restricted by the U.K. takeover code in what we can say, particularly around financial guidance, whether in the current year or on a longer term basis.  As a result, you will find important disclosures from our reporting accountant and financial advisors in our Form 8-K that was filed today with the SEC. These disclosures relate to the profit forecast and unaudited profit information in our earnings release.  Finally, let me remind you that the U.K. takeover code severely restricts comments we may make on a possible offer for Cadbury. Therefore, we would appreciate if the Q&A session of this conference call could focus on the Q3 results and outlook for Kraft Foods as a standalone entity.  With all that out of the way, I will now hand it off to Irene.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Thanks, Chris and good afternoon. Earlier today we reported another quarter of solid results, results that goes further on our strong operating and financial momentum. Once again, all geographies contributed and we did this despite the very challenging consumer environment.  On the top line, our organic growth of 0.5% reflected the impact of three important factors. First, our strategic decision to discontinue less profitable product lines and to forego some unprofitable volume. This reduced top line growth by about one percentage point.  Second, consistent with our adaptive pricing model we lowered prices to reflect the impact of lower dairy costs. This reduced our top line growth by about 1.6 percentage points.  And third, we faced difficult Q3 year-ago comparisons with a highly successful merchandising program at a key North American customer.  Considering all of these factors, our organic top line growth would have been almost three points higher. Importantly, our top line results continue to reflect the transition from growth based on price to growth based on volume mix. In fact, volume mix again improved sequentially as it has in each quarter this year.  In Q3, it was up 0.7 percentage points despite the significant headwinds I just mentioned, as well as weakening economic conditions in certain western and eastern European markets.  I feel especially good about our solid vol mix gains in the face of these headwinds but I am also encouraged by the fact that the focused investments in our priority brands continue to pay off.  In fact, the strong growth of these brands fueled our vol mix gains in the quarter and these gains in turn drove a 70 basis point expansion in profit margins.  On the bottom line, our performance was outstanding. EPS from continuing operations grew 62% and about half of that growth was driven by operating gains. In addition, we delivered a significant improvement in our discretionary cash flow. Year-to-date, we generated approximately $2.7 billion -- thats up 67% due to working capital efficiency as well as disciplined management of our capital expenditures.  Based on these results and our strong operating momentum, we are raising our 2009 earnings guidance. At the same time, we are continuing to take actions to stage the business for strong growth on both the top and bottom lines in 2010.  We have raised our 2009 diluted EPS guidance by $0.04 to at least $1.97. This outlook reflects two things -- first, strong year-to-date operating performance up nearly $0.20 year over year; and second, our conscious decision to reinvest part of our operating gains into incremental marketing programs to drive future growth.  Last year our advertising and consumer spending as a percentage of net revenue was 6.7%. For 2009, our A&C spending will be up high single digits to approximately 7% of net revenues, even though advertising rates have declined considerably.  Our guidance also reflects the benefit of a lower-than-expected tax rate, but that will be partially offset by about $0.02 to $0.03 of anticipated expenses related to the possible combination with Cadbury.  On the top line, we have revised our forecast for 2009 net revenue growth to about 2% from about 3%. This change in our near-term revenue outlook reflects three things -- a smaller contribution from pricing as a result of lower-than-expected input costs, primarily meats and dairy, which represents more than half of the adjustment; second, our decision to forego unprofitable volume, primarily in Europe; and third, weakening economic conditions in certain countries in Western and Eastern Europe.  Overall, I am highly confident that our business is well-positioned to deliver top tier performance. We are driving higher quality organic revenue growth as we said we would. And we are executing against a strong pipeline of cost savings initiatives -- in fact, we will spend more than $200 million this year to jumpstart the significant near-term opportunities we outlined in September.  Going forward, we will generate substantial savings in procurement, manufacturing, customer service, and logistics.  We will use our scale to better leverage our overhead costs and these savings will drive incremental investments in quality, innovation, marketing, and sales. Thats our recipe for success.  It has served us well for the past three years as we have changed the trajectory of our business and staged it for sustainable long-term growth.  Looking ahead, we continue to target the following: restoring profit margins to industry benchmarks; achieving the high-end of our 7% to 9% EPS growth target; and growing cash flow in excess of EPS growth.  Before I hand it over to Tim, I will make a few comments about our possible combination with Cadbury. Frankly, theres not much new to say. I think you are all well aware of the U.K. takeover panels so-called put up or shut up deadline of November 9th. By that date we will have to state our intentions whether we will make a formal offer or walk away. At this time, we continue to review the opportunity by speaking with shareholders of both companies and assessing potential financing options.  But make no mistake -- we will continue to maintain a disciplined approach in line with the following parameters: accretion to cash EPS in the second year; delivering a return on investment well in excess of our cost of capital; and maintaining our investment grade credit rating as well as our dividend.  Clearly theres been a lot of speculation about what we can afford given these parameters but as we said before, what we can afford is not relevant -- what is relevant is what Cadbury is worth and that will guide our actions going forward.  Finally, let me underscore once again -- with our without Cadbury, Kraft Foods is well-positioned to deliver top tier performance.  Now Ill turn the call over to Tim.
Timothy R. McLevish: Thanks, Irene and good afternoon. Let me start by saying that our Q3 results demonstrated continuing progress -- progress on the top line, the bottom line, and on cash flow. On the top line, growth was modest but of higher quality as vol mix became the key driver of our organic growth.  As you can see in this chart, organic growth in the quarter was 0.5%, including a positive vol mix contribution of 70 basis points. As Irene noted earlier, the vol mix number included a negative impact of 80 basis points from the discontinuation of less profitable product lines. It was also affected by our decision to walk away from some unprofitable volume. Absent these, vol mix would have been about 100 basis points higher.  Pricing was essentially flat. Carry-over pricing was fully offset by about 160 basis points from applying our adaptive pricing model to lower dairy costs in the U.S., and the negative impact of 20 basis points from a value-added tax credit in the year-ago quarter.  So on a normalized basis, organic growth would have been much closer to our 4% long-term revenue growth target.  Over the course of this year, weve talked about our expectations for sequential improvement in vol mix as a more important component of our top line growth. This chart shows how vol mix has indeed improved sequentially through the year and the trend is even stronger when you adjust for the impact of product line discontinuations and the Easter shift that weve noted at the bottom of this page.  The chart also shows that we expect a considerable step up in vol mix growth in the fourth quarter.  Vol mix will be the primary driver of organic revenue growth in Q4. Its expected to contribute at least three points to our top line performance.  Turning now to earnings per share -- we continue to build operating and financial momentum and thats demonstrated in our EPS. While there are a number of contributors to our EPS both this year and last, the year-on-year improvement from operations was $0.09 in Q3 and $0.19 year-to-date. In fact, despite various puts and takes in the third quarter, the $0.09 gain from operations by itself represented strong double-digit improvement in earnings.  The momentum we are seeing in operating gains is being driven by improvement on three fronts -- the leverage benefit from sequential improvement in vol mix, driven by the gross in our priority brands; the positive impact from our conscious decision to discontinue less profitable product lines and walk away from unprofitable volume; and more effective management of our cost base.  As this chart shows, weve improved our year-over-year OI margin each quarter this year. In Q3, we delivered OI margin of 14.5% -- thats up from 11.8% in the year-ago quarter. A significant contributor to this margin expansion was vol mix, which drove 70 basis points of the up side.  The gains were broad based, with margin expansion in every one of our business segments. More importantly, we are generating margin gains while continuing to invest in incremental brand building and future cost savings initiatives. This in turn will fuel future gains in vol mix and margin expansion. In short, the fly wheel is turning.  We also continued to make excellent progress on cash flow. Year-to-date, we generated $2.7 billion in discretionary cash flow. This incremental cash flow has been driven by our focus on working capital efficiencies and carefully managing our capital expenditures. Through 9 months, we are already ahead of our previous full year expectation of $2.6 billion. As a result, we now expect to deliver over $3 billion of discretionary cash flow for the full year.  I will take a few minutes now to share some highlights of our business segment results, starting with North America. As you can see, organic revenue growth in North America declined 1.8% overall. This was entirely due to a 3.5 point decline in price levels. Lower dairy costs and the related adjustment under adaptive pricing model represented more than 2.5 percentage points of the decline. Vol mix was up 1.7 points fueled by growth in priority categories. This growth occurred despite significant headwinds which included the negative impact of about 60 basis points from product line discontinuations and a difficult comparison with a strong merchandising program in the year-ago quarter at a major customer.  Id note that the impact of comparisons with the merchandising program was felt most in our beverage, grocery, and snacks businesses.  In contrast to the Q3 top line profile of total North America, revenue in our priority categories grew solidly. This once again demonstrates the success of our focused investments in product quality, innovation, and marketing.  On the bottom line, North America delivered a 290 basis point increase in operating margins to nearly 18%. Improved alignment of input costs and pricing, the completion of the restructuring program, and vol mix gains grow with the margin expansion. Its also important to note that margins rose even as we increased our investment in A&C double-digit.  Before we get to individual North America segments, lets take a look at market share performance in the U.S. Theres no question that our 52 week share numbers continued to be challenged. As we said before, we believe the 52 week number is the best ongoing measure of our franchise health. However, 52 week numbers can include periods of temporary dislocation. For instance, our rolling 52 week figure shown on the right includes data from late last year and early this year when we took the lead on significant price increases just as consumers hit a crisis of confidence in the face of economic recession. And you can see the significant impact of that temporary dislocation in the 13 week numbers on the left.  At the same time, the latest 13 week data indicates we are picking up momentum and the improvement trend is strong. Indeed, our Q3 market performance was solid with half of our revenue holding or gaining share, and thats despite difficult comparisons with the highly successful merchandising program in Q3 of 2008.  Going forward, we expect to see this positive trend continue, most notably as we lap the two quarters most influenced by the pricing actions and decline in consumer sentiment.  Now lets look at results by segment -- in U.S. beverages, organic net revenue grew 1.5%. Focused investments in innovation and marketing continued to pay off. Kool aid powder beverages and Capri-sun ready to drink each delivered double-digit revenue growth in the quarter.  Vol mix was lower due to the impact from the discontinuation of less profitable product lines and the timing of our merchandising program.  OI margins rose 640 basis points to 17.6%. The completion of the restructuring program and the improved alignment of prices to input costs contributed to the margin upside, and we continued to invest in incremental marketing behind our priority categories.  In U.S. cheese, organic net revenue fell 10.3%. This is entirely due to a 17 percentage point decline in pricing as dairy input costs have fallen dramatically versus prior year. However, incremental marketing investments in priority categories drove strong volume growth and market share gains. Kraft singles were up double-digit and Philadelphia Cream Cheese grew nearly 20%.  Price gaps are in good shape and our gross margin is reflective of the healthy price cost balance. We achieved a 12.2% increase in operating income that reflected the impact of improved vol mix, which was partially offset by a double-digit increase in marketing.  This profile demonstrates the success of our adaptive pricing model. Its a model that adjust for input costs volatility and allows us to grow vol mix and drive profit margins.  Now lets move on to U.S. convenient meals, where strong momentum continues. On the top line, organic revenues grew 5%. Our focused investment on priority brands and new products drove improvements in vol mix. This in turn contributed to strong revenue growth and margin gains.  Some key drivers, Digiorno Pizza was up more than 20%. The successful introduction of our Digiorno and CPK Flat Bread Melts drove incremental revenue, and Oscar Meyer deli fresh cold cuts grew double-digit.  At the profit line, operating margins jumped 390 basis points to over 11%. Better alignment of price to input costs and strong vol mix gains drove the improvement, overcoming a double-digit increase in marketing investments.  In U.S. grocery, organic revenue fell 3%; however, our investments in innovation and marketing continue to pay off. Investments behind Miracle Whip and Kraft Mayo drove growth in spoonable dressings and Jell-O dessert continued to deliver strong growth behind value-oriented marketing. But vol mix was negatively impacted by difficult comparisons to the prior year, including a 1.6 point impact from the discontinuation of less profitable product lines. The negative impact from the timing of the merchandising program versus prior was also a factor.  Operating margins, however, rose 380 basis points to 33.2%. Margin benefited from better price to cost alignment and vol mix.  In U.S. snacks, organic revenues fell 3.3% entirely due to lower price levels. Price levels reflected reduced input costs as well as fixing our price gaps in snack nuts.  Revenue for our top five biscuit brands were up about 5% and snack nuts began to rebound.  But these gains were offset by the negative impact from comparisons with strong merchandising programs in the prior year. Looking forward, we expect to report solid vol mix gains in Q4.  At the profit line, margin rose by 100 basis points due to better price cost alignment and the timing of marketing investment.  Turning now to Canada and North America food service, our business in Canada continued to perform well. Successful marketing investments and customer programs fueled strong organic revenue growth and market share gains. For the segment overall, however, organic revenues fell by 1% as declines in food service more than offset strong gains in Canada.  Revenue growth in our food service business remains challenged, facing headwinds on three fronts -- the continuation of an industry wide slowdown in restaurant traffic, our decision to discontinue a less profitable product line, and lower prices of food service cheese products.  Segment operating margins rose by 100 basis points which reflected better alignment of pricing to input costs and the completion of our restructuring program. These benefits were partially offset by increased marketing investments, higher overhead costs, and unfavorable vol mix.  Now I will turn to our businesses outside North America. In Europe, revenues were down slightly as we have taken actions to improve the profitability of this important business. The planned discontinuation of product lines and our decision to forego unprofitable volume resulted in a negative 1.7 percentage point impact on vol mix. In addition, the economic slow down has continued to negatively impact consumption, with [Iberia] most acutely affected.  Despite the difficult economic conditions, our priority brands led by Milka, Cart Noir, Philadelphia, and [Makado], grew around 2% and gained share, particularly in chocolate and coffee. While we expect these near-term headwinds on organic revenue growth to remain, we are making progress on our profit margin, progress that will continue.  Q3 operating margins more than doubled to 10.2%. Improved product mix was a key contributor, adding about 150 basis points to margin. The improved alignment of prices with input costs added another 150 basis points. The rest of the margin upside was related to the completion of our restructuring program and the absence of asset impairment charges. This is partially offset by higher investments in cost savings initiatives and increased marketing investment to support our priority brands.  Finally, developing markets where organic revenues grew 8.1%. This is driven by more than 15% growth in our priority brands and despite softer than anticipated category trends in Central and Eastern Europe, we delivered strong growth largely by expanding market share.  More specifically, the priority brands in Latin America and Asia-Pacific grew about 20% and in [CEEMA], more than 9%.  I would also note that revenue growth was negatively impacted by about one point from the absence of the Brazilian value-added tax credit that was booked in the prior year.  On the profit line, operating margin increased 150 basis points to 14.6%. Improved vol mix, the timing of A&C spending, overhead leverage, and the completion of the restructuring program all contributed to margin expansion. Going forward, the economic environment, particularly in Central and Eastern Europe, will remain challenging. However, we will continue to invest in incremental marketing behind our priority brands in Q4 to emerge from the difficult economic conditions even stronger.  With that, I will hand it back to Irene for some closing comments. 
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Thanks, Tim. To sum up, our Q3 results continue to reflect the strong operating and financial momentum weve been building over the past three years. Weve raised our full year EPS guidance to at least $1.97 and our discretionary cash flow target to at least $3 billion. At the same time, we are taking actions to stage the business for strong top and bottom line growth in 2010.  We are well-positioned to deliver top tier performance with or without Cadbury. Now wed be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jon Feeney of Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jon Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott: Tim, you mentioned specifically walking away from unprofitable volume. Could you tell us a little bit more about that? Was it a specific customer, specific product line? What unprofitable volume are you talking about and what were the circumstances there?
Timothy R. McLevish: As you know, we are in the process of pruning some of our product lines and this is an addition to that where theres particular circumstances where we have -- its not a long-term sustainable but where we have situations where we have business that theres a lot of price pressure and we deem it more appropriate and to the health of our business, short-term and long-term, or particularly long-term, to decline participation in that particular business. 
Jon Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott: Im sorry, which business?
Timothy R. McLevish: Well, its particularly acute in our European business. I really dont want to go into specific customers. 
Jon Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, that helps very much. Thank you. For Irene, do you feel like, big picture, with your adaptive pricing model going into 2010, youve stabilized share versus private label, at least in the U.S.? 
Irene B. Rosenfeld: I think we are feeling awfully good about the state of our share performance. As weve mentioned, obviously we are still carrying two quarters of challenging year-over-year comparisons from a pricing standpoint but I feel quite encouraged by our most recent performance in this quarter and I think you will continue to see it strengthen as we move forward, so I feel very good about the state of our price gaps and I feel very good about the results of our marketing programs and our investments in our market share, particularly in the U.S. but as we discussed around the world, we are feeling very good about the health of our share performance. 
Jon Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott: Thank you, and if I could, just one final detail, the dividend comment you made, Irene, vis--vis your discipline on the Cadbury transaction, are you referring to the dividend per share rate or the absolute amount of dollars going to dividends? I know thats kind of nit-picky but which were you talking about?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Talking about absolute, Jonathan. 
Jon Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott: Excellent. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: You had mentioned that in North America, adaptive -- the combination of adaptive pricing and the [inaudible] business has accounted for I think 2.5 percentage points of a 3.5% sort of negative pricing, and I guess that leaves another hundred basis points or so of kind of negative pricing in other non-pass-through kind of businesses. And Im curious first of all if that sounds -- I guess that is promotional spending to some extent but Id be curious if there is any list pricing actions in there. And that seems maybe somewhat higher, perhaps, then we are hearing from other kind of branded packaged food companies, but I guess the most puzzling thing is it didnt seem to lead to much improvement obviously in volumes sequentially, or at least I dont think it did because we dont have exact clarity on volume versus mix, but maybe if you could kind of address that, because I just get the feeling that is clearly one of the bigger sort of overhangs on the stock right now, understanding the headwinds that you have around SKU reduction and all, but youve had that for the last couple of quarters .
Irene B. Rosenfeld: I think you can certainly see the impact on volume in our cheese business, which as we said was the single biggest contributor to the price reduction, and so I am quite pleased with the performance that we are seeing in process cheese, in cream cheese. We talked a lot about our revitalization of those businesses and I think you are starting to see that play through not only in the volumes but as well in the shares on those businesses.  Similarly, another key contributor was meat and I feel very good about the performance of our meat business in this past quarter, so I think you are seeing it play through. The other business that was impacted by pricing, as Tim mentioned, is our snacks business and theres two parts there -- the one is [our nuts] business, which weve talked about, our desire to get our price gaps in better alignment there and we actually are starting to see a moderation in the performance of that business, so I think we certainly saw -- we are not quite seeing the growth wed like but we definitely have a lesser decline on our nuts business in this last quarter.  And lastly, biscuits in response to the drop in [inaudible]. We executed those actions through promotional changes as opposed through list price reduction, so I think weve described to you the various places where we chose to make some changes. We made the bulk of those changes through -- impacting them through our trade promotions as opposed to through list price reductions but I feel quite comfortable where our pricing stands today. 
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: Did volume improve sequentially in the quarter? I think it was flat last quarter. 
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, we talked about vol mix and you see a significant improvement and I would say volume as well. We obviously had some mitigating factors that we alluded to, the combination of really the pruning and as well as the fact that we had a significant change in our promotional timing year over year, particularly in North America. But we are definitely seeing sequential improvement in vol mix as we said we would and we anticipate in the fourth quarter that we will continue to see further sequential improvement in its contribution to our overall revenue performance. 
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: And then the last thing, and that was a good segue into the fourth quarter, if I think about where your current full year guidance would imply for the fourth quarter, it looks like an earnings number that is either flat or down a bit versus last year, and yet when I think about I guess where maybe an EBIT estimate might be for the fourth quarter, its pretty similar to where maybe you were on an restated basis back in the fourth quarter of 2006, but youve obviously got almost $2 billion of incremental sales. And so I am thinking about, despite wall to wall and restructuring and improving the brand equities and the pricing power, and yes, youve had higher costs across the board but I guess I am just trying to get a sense of -- you know, in a bigger picture sense, why are we not seeing any kind of profit leverage on that higher sales base?
Timothy R. McLevish: Andrew, what you are seeing, if you look at 2009, I mean, I think we said second quarter that 2009 was going to be a little bit of an unusual year in terms of the seasonality of it. Typically we are fairly balanced across the fourth quarter. In the first two quarters of this year as a result of the financial crisis in the market out there, we gated a lot of our spending to make sure that we had plenty of liquidity and we had healthy financial profile. And so we reduced a fair amount of the spending -- some of the A&C, for instance, was a little bit back-end loaded. We are going to see a lot of that pick up in the fourth quarter. That may be a little bit why you are not seeing some of the volumes and vol mix pop as much as you might expect because we have a fairly heavy fourth quarter investment there.  Also, the investment in some of the cost savings initiatives is also pushed into the fourth quarter, so we are doing pretty heavy spending in the fourth quarter, again to save to the 2010. 
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: Ill pass it on. Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: A couple of quick ones -- on the product discontinuations and the trade promotional spending changes last year, are we going to be up against much easier comps next quarter?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, as weve told you, North America, we should have most of that behind us. It was a big factor through the third quarter and we will now start to be clear of that in North America. Some of that in Europe and the developing markets will spill over into the first quarter of next year but our expectation is that we will stop having to call it out as we move through next year. We clearly have made the right economic decision for the long-term health of the business but it should not be as important an impact in our results. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Thank you. And then on the pricing outlook going forward, it seems as though -- I guess the reduction in the organic sales growth guidance for this year was primarily reflecting lower than expected prices this time and we started to see them dip negative year-on-year. As we go out through the first half of next year, are we going to see that continue to be I guess a hang over on organic sales growth -- that that will likely continue to be negative in the first half?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, as weve said, we expect vol mix will be the key driver going forward. You will start to see -- you are starting to see it in this quarter as you saw the pricing impact in our third quarter was negative and that will continue into the fourth quarter. And then as we move into next year and going forward, vol mix will be a much more significant driver of our revenue performance, so we are not anticipating major changes from a pricing standpoint in response to input costs, assuming all other things being equal. But the key driver of our revenue going forward will be the strength of our vol mix and I feel quite confident, given the health of our business and the strength of our brands at this point in time that that will play through. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Great, and just a quick one for Tim -- on the operating margins lines, you know how much the restructuring easier comparable sort of drove operating margin improvement this time around? I.E., if we included the restructuring charges from last year, what would the operating margins have looked like?
Timothy R. McLevish: Theres about 90 basis points worth of impact from restructuring in the third quarter last year that is removed from this year. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Great. Thank you very much. Ill pass it on.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Terry Bivens of JP Morgan.
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: Two quick things -- one on the pricing, I guess like Alexia, I am a little bit confused there. It looks as though -- you know, I understand the adaptive cheese pricing model. It looks as though you may have dropped pricing a shade -- frozen pizza, bacon -- and I guess as I am looking into next year, I mean, obviously we are expecting dairy costs to be up versus where they were this year. I heard what you just said, Irene, but does that apply kind of a steady state negative pricing as we move through next year? Im a little confused on that one. 
Chris Jakubik: One thing to keep in mind as it relates to the fourth quarter, as you look at the fourth quarter and the impact of pricing, what you are up against was really historic highs in barrel cheese costs in the fourth quarter of 08, so you are going to see that play through in the fourth quarter but then as we you move into the new year, the comparisons start to meter out a little bit better. 
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: Yeah, and that was what I was kind of aiming at, is next year rather than the fourth quarter -- I mean, it would appear that pricing would solidify next year, would it not?
Timothy R. McLevish: I would expect -- I mean, again, we had some additional pricing, particularly as Chris pointed out, with cheese. Remember cheese fourth quarter last year was $2.30 a barrel cheese, a pound. This year its obviously trading at the $1.50 range, so theres a considerable drop there and that will be reflected in the fourth quarter.  I would expect across most of our input costs as we go into 2010, weve got kind of stability and I can't predict exactly what is going to happen but our prices and costs are pretty much aligned with our costs at this point and I would expect considerably more stability so kind of pricing being a very small positive or negative impact on our top line growth. 
Irene B. Rosenfeld: I think what we feel most comfortable about, Terry, is that as a consequence of the adaptive pricing approach, we dont have to forecast the market. We will essentially be able to move with the market and protect profit and margins in the process, and I think youve seen that play out in the performance of our cheese business over these last couple of quarters and I feel very good about that performance and I am quite confident about the future. 
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: Okay, and just one quick thing on Europe, Europe has obviously in terms of your overall margin developed plans, been kind of a challenging area. As we look here, you are getting rid of some unprofitable volume obviously. If you forget about Cadbury for a second, if Cadbury werent in the picture, would we be looking at kind of a consistent elimination of a lot of unprofitable product over time? Would you be essentially slimming down in a meaningful way the European operation?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well you know, I feel pretty comfortable that weve gotten a lot of that heavy lifting from a pruning standpoint out of the way, so we will continue to have some businesses that we will want to take out. I think we can do it in a plan-ful way and that is one of the reasons that we are willing to accept less growth on the top line in Europe because we believe that those decisions that we are making are right for the long-term economics of that business, and you are seeing it play through in our bottom line performance. So you saw our margin up significantly in this quarter. We will continue to focus on making progress on improving our margins and a piece of that is shifting our mix to our priority brands where we have the most attractive margins.  So there will continue to be some pruning but as I mentioned, the -- most of the heavy lifting should be behind us as we exit the first quarter of 2010. 
Timothy R. McLevish: I would reiterate what Irene just said -- I would say think about it as being -- after the first quarter of next year kind of being background noise. I wouldnt expect us to be talking about it as a carve-out item after the first quarter of next year. 
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: Okay, very good. Thank you. Ill pass it along. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: I guess my first question is how much of the issues in the fourth quarter, because it seems like it is a little weaker than I would have expected, is structural and will bleed into 2010? And then I have a follow-up question on 2010.
Timothy R. McLevish: I dont -- I mean I -- the way you are seeing for the fourth quarter, I dont see it as any weakness, so I am not concerned about carrying over into 2010. Again, we are investing fairly heavy -- the seasonality was distorted this year because we were light in the first half of the year, probably got more normal in the third quarter, and then we are spending a fair amount both in terms of cost saving initiatives, in terms of investments in marketing, et cetera in the fourth quarter. So you are seeing additional spend but I wouldnt consider the fourth quarter as a weak quarter from an operational standpoint. 
Chris Jakubik: And Ken, one other thing to keep in mind -- one of the things that we called out in the update on the guidance was the $0.02 to $0.03 of additional costs related to the proposal on Cadbury. Thats going to primarily fall all in the fourth quarter, so again, from a year-on-year comparison perspective, I think you have to keep that in mind. 
Irene B. Rosenfeld: -- guidance up $0.04, Ken. Im feeling quite good about the performance in the quarter. I think there is a lot to feel good about as we look at our top line performance as well as our bottom line performance and we have a very positive outlook on the balance of the year, so as we said, theres a couple of one-time items, a little bit of spending gating that impacts the seasonality here but we feel quite good about the performance of the business and the outlook for the balance of this year. 
Timothy R. McLevish: And some of the investments we are making in the fourth quarter should stage us very well going into 2010, so we feel quite confident about that as well. 
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: And then Irene, I think you said in the commentary that you are targeting the higher end of your 7% to 9% EPS growth going forward. Im assuming that is the implication is for 2010 or you are setting yourself up for that. Is that a fair assumption?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Ken, we are not prepared today to provide guidance for 2010 but we had made the commitment that we would -- we expected to see 2010 at the top end of our range, given particularly the strong pipeline of cost savings initiatives that we have and we have a clear line of sight to the key programs that will drive that and so we feel quite comfortable, despite the fact that we have taken up our 2009 EPS that we will continue to target the upper end of the range in 2010. 
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: And commodities, will that be a tailwind or a headwind in 2010?
Timothy R. McLevish: We are not expecting -- you know, year-on-year 2008 to -- or 2009 to 2010, that to be a material impact one way or the other. 
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ed Aaron of RBC Capital Markets.
Ed Aaron - RBC Capital Markets: I just wanted to get a little bit of a better sense of what really changed just since the last quarter on the organic growth line, relative to what you were expecting, especially on the pricing side. Tim, if I remember correctly, you did state last quarter that you thought pricing could turn negative in Q3, so was it that much different than what you had thought 90 days ago?
Ed Aaron - RBC Capital Markets: Cheese costs continued to be a lot lower than we would have anticipated, and thats relative to what we thought coming out of the second quarter. The rest really is largely to do with softer vol mix in international markets and, as we talked about some of the -- you know, walking away from unprofitable business and a weaker than expected consumer environment, particularly in Eastern Europe but it expands some into Western Europe as well.  And would you also mind giving us an updated number on what you expect in terms of year-over-year change in your input costs?
Timothy R. McLevish: Year-over-year change in the third quarter?
Ed Aaron - RBC Capital Markets: No, for your expectation for 2009 as a whole, but if you have the third quarter number as well, that would be helpful. 
Timothy R. McLevish: Yeah, the number has come down. If youll remember, I think we said at mid-year it was about $500 million of pressure. Third quarter was a little bit better than that but I would say we are looking $200 million, $250 million versus 2008 at this point. Still $200 million higher. 
Ed Aaron - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks, and this last question, I was hoping maybe you could just elaborate a little bit on the comments about the weakness in Europe, just since most of us are a little less familiar with that region in terms of what you are seeing from the consumer behaviorally and how that is changing over the last few months?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: As you know, we are seeing the impact of the recession hitting Europe a little bit later than what we had seen in North America and we are seeing the impact in a number of markets, particularly France and Spain are the hardest hit, and I think its been true pretty much across the industry. And so we expect that that is going to continue for some time. I am very pleased that even in the face of some of those challenging economic conditions, our businesses have held up well. We are continuing to grow share in most of our core categories and I think its been helpful that we have a diversified portfolio to help us there.  But I will say that weve taken a cautious planning stance on some of these markets and we are not expecting a quick rebound anytime soon and we are back-stopping our plans accordingly. 
Ed Aaron - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Eric Serotta of Consumer Edge Research.
Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research: Just wanted to circle back to the question of volumes and elasticity -- I guess what gives you the confidence that there hasnt been a change in the elasticity models or in consumer behavior here? It does seem that despite all the one-off items that you talked about that constrained your volume growth this quarter, it really seemed that the -- you really only had up volumes and materially up volumes in two of your segments, one of them being cheese.  So I guess could you provide some basis as to why you think that there hasnt been a change in consumer behavior or elasticity modeling? Because your pricing was down pretty significantly, even excluding cheese. 
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Theres a couple of things, Eric. First of all, I feel very good about the performance of our vol mix in this quarter. It improved sequentially as we said it would despite the tailwind of a fairly significant amount, almost a point of pruning in those numbers. So it was an important contribution to our overall performance and we were able to see that impact despite the challenge of the offset of some of the pruning.  The other reality is, particularly in North America, weve alluded to the fact that we had a very significant program a year ago with one of our major customers and that had a very significant impact on our overall performance. But as we look category by category, I feel quite good about how our brands have held up, our ability to continue to improve vol mix even at these higher price levels, and I feel very good about the outlook as we think about the fourth quarter, because weve got -- we have very strong programming as we look at the fourth quarter supported in large measure by the fact that we are continuing to invest in A&C, as I mentioned. We will exit the year at about 7% of revenue, despite the fact that the costs of media have come down considerably. And we also will have lapped the discontinuations, as I mentioned, in North America. So net net, we feel very good about the performance of the -- the underlying vol mix performance of the portfolio. I think it has responded, our business has responded well to the investments that weve made and we feel very good about the outlook as we look forward. 
Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research: Okay, just to follow-up on that, when you look at the incremental volume that you or business that you stepped away from because the margins or overall profitability wasnt attractive, why should we look at that as anything different from you not being able to price owing to the competitive or consumer environment in those regions? It seems kind of -- I know you are calling it out as an incremental factor and I could see why you would call out incremental factors like the deliberate pruning thats been going on for the past year. But it seems that the incremental decision to step away from volume was really -- why was that not really just a function of an inability to realize the pricing and margins that you needed, given the marketplace?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, I think if you look at what it was that we chose to prune, and weve talked this through with you, its things like one of our food service -- our food service cheese business, its businesses like our handi-snacks pudding business, and I believe we shared with you at Cagney the combined revenue of these businesses was about $0.5 billion, somewhere between $300 million and $500 million, and actually those businesses were losing money. And so part of our strategy here is to make sure we are not chasing empty volumes but we are focused on volume that we believe is sustainable and enables us to make the right long-term investment decisions not only in A&C but also in terms of our assets and we actually -- we are able to make some plant closure decisions, some plant department closure decisions as a consequence of some of these discontinuations.  So our intent in the pruning is to ensure that our volume, that the volume that we are investing in is sustainable volume and it has the right profit profile, and its one of the reasons we talk a lot about the performance of our priority brands, because it is going to take a little bit of time for some of these empty pounds to work their way through the system but we are -- the end is in sight, as I said earlier, and I feel quite comfortable it is the right long-term decision for our business. 
Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research: Okay, and just a housekeeping item for Tim -- how much of the $200 million in productivity investment or up-front costs, whatever you guys want to call it, did you spend in the third quarter and year-to-date?
Timothy R. McLevish: Year-to-date, we are about $100 million for the three quarters year-to-date and so we have in the fourth quarter anticipated being a little bit over 100 remaining. 
Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research: Okay, and just lastly and Ill pass it on, the very successful merchandising program that you alluded to that led to the tough comps, is that being repeated this year at a different time? Has it -- did we see that in the second quarter, is it coming in the fourth quarter and if not, why not?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, its actually been spread out over the course of the year. I think the reality is that as a consequence of that program, we had some very significant merchandising presence on a number of our core businesses, as we mentioned -- snacks, grocery were two of the businesses that were impacted, and our beverage business, were three of the businesses that were impacted most significantly by the change. But it has no impact on our full-year guidance so what has essentially happened is its a big hit in the third quarter but its essentially been spread out and so we -- some benefits from the merchandising will accrue to us in the fourth quarter as a consequence. 
Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research: Great. Thanks a lot, Ill pass it on. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs: If I look at your EBIT margin year-to-date, you guys are already running at 14.6%, which is pretty close to your long-term or the 2011 target of mid-teens level. I mean, the fourth quarter I think is probably going to be not as favorable but it just seems like youve already hit a lot of the strides in terms of making the margin improvement, so I am just trying to understand thinking out two years from now if there is even a greater upside to sort of that mid-teens margin target goal is my first question.  And then related to that, if I think about your outlook for earnings growth of higher than or at the high end of 7% to 9%, it seems like your revenue growth over the next couple of years could be a little bit below that 4% plus long-term target because if thats not the case, it seems like your earnings growth could be even stronger than the high-end of the 7% to 9%, so Im just wondering if Im thinking about all of these moving parts in the right way. 
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, Ill tell you, Judy, we feel very good about the margin performance of our business both in this quarter as well as year-to-date. I feel very good about the path that we have laid out to be at or above industry margins in the next couple of years and I think we are well on our way. And we are obviously continuing to execute against that objective. I would suggest that its a little too early to declare victory. I think we have clear visibility to the programs that will generate those margin improvements and I think we are executing them well but I suggest that we should not get ahead of ourselves, so I feel very good about the margin performance. It is a key contributor to the strength of our business and I have great confidence that we are on the path that we have laid out but I think it would be just premature to get ahead of ourselves.  With respect to top line, we continue to feel quite comfortable that the 4% plus target for revenue growth is the right target to lay out and if you look even at these last two years, we are at 4%. You know, its not going to be in any given year, we are not going to necessarily hit the number precisely but we feel quite comfortable that given the investments that we have made in our brand equities, the appropriate pruning that we have done of products and product lines that were actually a drag on our mix, that we are well staged to be able to continue to drive 4% growth on a sustainable basis. So we remain confident that that is the right long-term target. As I said, in any given year we may see some puts and takes and I would suggest particularly with respect to dairy pricing, this last year or so has been unprecedented in terms of the swings that weve seen. 
Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs: Just following up on the margin question though, I mean, if you look at your performance year-to-date, a lot of the benefits have come from more favorable commodity costs and then some of the pruning processes which really seem to be additional factors to the factors that are likely to drive the margin improvement going forward, so Im just wondering how much of those factors had you built in previously in thinking about the mid-teens margins goals and are there potentially upside to those numbers, just given some of the commodity behaviors and that fact that youve had the pruning process that made the base business a bit more profitable. 
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, the answer is we feel very good about the impact of our actions on the performance of the mix of our portfolio and I think that will continue to be a positive going forward. Youve seen the beginning of that impact in the third quarter and it will be a significant driver going forward.  But let me just remind you there are a number of moving pieces in the third quarter that contributed to our margin performance. Obviously the completion of the restructuring program certainly helped us. Less than half of it though came from pricing in excess of costs, so I think the most important takeaway is that the investments that we have made in quality and brand equity and in our marketing activities have enabled us to take pricing that in fact really just catches up with the last couple of years of cost increases but it is not a critical component going forward. As we said before, we believe that our recipe for success here is for volume and mix to continue to be the key driver of revenue, which will then provide the overhead leverage to help us to expand margins. 
Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then just in terms of your market share performance, I know its an improvement versus what you saw in the earlier part of the year, but you are still not gaining share in half of your categories so -- and despite a lot of the investments that you have made in a lot of the businesses. So I am just wondering why you feel actually pretty good about your market share performance when you are not gaining share in [your half the categories]. 
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, in this past quarter we were and Im not suggesting that we are resting on our laurels here -- we are still not satisfied with our 52 week share, as Tim mentioned, but our trend is clearly improving in the U.S. and you can see that in terms of our progress in the last two quarters. And dont forget we are looking at dollar shares at a time that we had some significant price declines. So actually if you look at our volume shares, they are even stronger than that. So I mean, I think we have -- we feel quite good that we are seeing good progress but we are not where we need to be, so I dont want to suggest that we are satisfied with our share performance. But I think there is ample indication that we are making good progress, particularly on our priority brands, against key competitors and we expect that that will continue to be the case moving forward. 
Timothy R. McLevish: Id point a couple of things in addition -- again, within U.S. there are some categories in which we have very high market share to start with and for those particular circumstances, we are all better served to -- I mean, we are better served to be promoting growth of the category rather than necessarily focusing on share performance. And there are a couple of those categories where we have very significant share and they are nice-sized categories.  The other thing I would point out is unfortunately because of the better precision of the data, we focus our conversation on U.S. market shares. If we went internationally, you would find a much better picture in terms of our market shares in our developing markets as well as in some of our EU markets, we are growing very nicely in our market share. 
Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane  Bank of America: First question, Tim, two point -- almost $3 billion of cash on the balance sheet at the end of the quarter. I think thats almost four times more than you had in the third quarter last year and its more than twice where it was at the beginning of the year, so can you talk a little bit about how you are -- what you are doing to accumulate that kind of cash? 
Timothy R. McLevish: Well, some of it is strong cash flow and that is a good thing. I will tell you theres a couple of things -- we have as you know a $750 million bond maturing I think next week or the following week, so we are staging for paying that down. And you know, as a result of the transaction or the proposed transaction, the rating agencies put us on some watch and we were very careful to ensure we had sufficient liquidity, so we built a little cash in concern that there may be a little bit of dislocation in the CP market, so we built a little bit there.  We are going to manage that appropriately, being a little bit heavy in cash as we are looking at this transaction is probably not a bad place to be either. 
Bryan Spillane  Bank of America: I was going to resist asking you what you are planning on doing with it. 
Timothy R. McLevish: Thank you. 
Bryan Spillane  Bank of America: And then just a clarification -- I think Irene, in response to Andrew Lazars question about volume mix, did you say that the volume improved, that the volume component improved sequentially from flat in the second quarter?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well you know, again Bryan, what we have said is vol mix is the right metric to look at for our business and so we are not providing specific metrics on volume. What I did say is that it is moving in the right direction. Our Q3 volume, the trends are definitely moving sequentially better, that is correct, but the reason -- you know, once again, we had a lot of empty pounds in our volume forecast and in our numbers and it has sure taken us some time to work or way through it but you are seeing the impact on our profit performance and on our margins and I feel quite good that that is the right long-term decision for the business. 
Bryan Spillane  Bank of America: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: I guess just two left here -- my first question for you is just to be clear on how much of an incremental hit you have from walking away from unprofitable volume -- what is new to that, from what you told us earlier in the year?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: I think really just the addition -- weve been talking about the pruning and weve been very clear about when we would lap that, so no new news there. The new news is what we talked about in terms of the fact that we did choose in this quarter to walk away from some volume in some geographies. As you might imagine, there is a fair amount of customer pressure around the world in this recessionary environment and we have chosen to stand firm in a number of cases if we dont feel that the opportunity is in our long-term interests, and so that had a fairly material impact on our revenue line in Europe in particular and then in aggregate, as we told you, it was a fairly significant impact to our total performance. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: And you are seeing most of the activity in Europe, I presume? Most of that pressure, I should say?
Timothy R. McLevish: Largely in Europe, thats correct. 
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Largely in Europe, yes. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and my last -- 
Timothy R. McLevish: Twenty to 30 basis points impact on Kraft overall though in our top line. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: How many basis points, sorry?
Timothy R. McLevish: Twenty to 30. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. All right, and my last question, Tim, would be how have your foreign exchange assumptions changed and how should we look at that for next year, just to make sure we have the right kind of basis for Q4 and then for 2010?
Timothy R. McLevish: If we look on year-on-year Q4, we are anticipating -- and we are halfway through it -- we are anticipating that it is going to be not material change in Q4. Weve been a bit unfavorable year-to-date but Q4 we are pretty normalized. Im not sure I want to go into the projections of next year at this point for exchange rates. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Tim Ramey of D.A. Davidson.
Tim Ramey  D.A. Davidson: Thanks for the last shot here -- fourth quarter volume, you put it up 3% plus and I think thats volume mix. Last year you were down 5.2% I believe in volume but I think that was just volume. Can you give us some sense of what the comp would be on your new basis of volume mix and whether you think of that as growth or just kind of reclaiming some of the lost volume from the price increase last year?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, Tim, we feel quite comfortable that you will continue to see sequential improvement in the vol mix contribution to revenue as you saw over these last couple of quarters and we have given you a number of 3% plus. And it reflects the underlying momentum in the business. That is versus the down 5 -- the comp is about down 5 from the year ago. Part of that is the fact that we do have some markets around the world, and I gave you some specific examples, where we are continuing to see challenging economies -- its Western Europe, talked about France and Spain; in Eastern Europe, Russia, Poland is just having a challenging time, and even in Latin America, markets like Venezuela. So it reflects the fact that there will continue to be some economic challenges around the world. As I said, we have backstopped our plans accordingly but it will have some impact on our top line. 
Tim Ramey  D.A. Davidson: And just to follow-up to Tim, I wasnt quite clear on your answer for Chris on the 4Q impact from FX -- are you saying that there is not a positive or a negative impact in the fourth quarter?
Timothy R. McLevish: Thats what we would expect, yes. 
Tim Ramey  D.A. Davidson: Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Analyst for Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: This is Jackie Inglesby standing in for Vincent. Just a clarification on Judys question -- you said that the 3% to 4% organic revenue target is kind of more of an average goal and maybe not a rate that you will hit every year, so I guess my question is are you suggesting that you might not hit this growth goal in 2010? Were kind of looking at the reductions here to your 2009 revenue guidance, some of your pricing moves, the pruning of volumes, western Europe problems, market share weakness, and we are sort of wondering if that 3% to 4% number is realistic for 2010. 
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Jackie, you should take no implications from what I am saying today about what our forecast is for top line in 2010. We feel quite comfortable about the underlying operating and financial momentum of the business and I feel quite confident that it will continue.  As I mentioned earlier, the comparison of 2008/2009 from a top line standpoint, we went from a wealth of riches of 6% last year to a forecast that we have given you today of about 2%, because of the fact -- and primarily because we have seen some significant swings in dairy year over year. We are not anticipating that that will carry on going forward, so we still feel quite comfortable with our forecast of at least 4% on an ongoing basis for the business and I think the investments that we have made in our franchises are paying off and will carry us forward. 
Analyst for Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you so much. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moscow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: Hard to believe there would be another question, but there is. I have a question about fourth quarter 08 in that market share chart -- you said you only gained share or held share in 26% of your categories. So that looks like a very easy comparison as we head into fourth quarter of this year. Now that youve gotten cheese pricing where it should be and I guess you are taking share again, shouldnt that be just a very easy comp and could you blow out that number? Youre also raising A&C in the fourth quarter and wouldnt that drive market share? And then maybe you can just tell us, what will A&C as a percent of sales look like in fourth quarter? Thanks. 
Timothy R. McLevish: Well, we -- it will be -- you know, our average for the year, we are very modestly behind in dollars year-to-date, ahead in terms of percentage of revenue. We are anticipating that both numbers will be increase will be above 7% full year is our expectation. When you look at market share though from the fourth quarter, again we are focused -- our primary focus is on the 52 week number -- yeah, youre right, relative to -- if we just look at the 13-week number fourth quarter 2008 to 2009, we should do quite well. But again, when you factor a 52-week, remember thats looking at the prior 52 weeks versus the previous to that 52 weeks, so we will still have in our 52-week number the pressure from the first quarter of this year. It will make it an easier comp for the fourth quarter from the prior 52 weeks, [so its agreed]. So yeah, we would expect that we would have good market share position in the fourth quarter. 
Irene B. Rosenfeld: And I guess I would say about our spending, as Tim mentioned, weve gated our spending this year to just ensure that we understood the state of our business as well as the economic environment and we will have some significant spending in the fourth quarter of 2009, but much of that benefit will really start to hit us and help us in 2010 and once again, its why we feel quite encouraged about the future performance of the business as well as the contribution of vol mix toward our revenue growth. 
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: Okay, and judging from all the questions on the call, Irene, it sounds like there is a lot of skepticism about the degree to which the discontinuations are accretive to your margin or accretive to profits and shareholder value. Can you speak a little bit more about how -- weve had two discontinuation kind of mentions now in the last nine months. How much more of your portfolio do you think still needs to get pruned here? And when you look at that, is there still a lot of empty volume still in your portfolio to go?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: You know, Rob, we laid this out and I believe we laid it out over a year ago. We told you that we felt that this was the right long-term decision for the business. We were pretty clear about what it was we were going to be pruning and how long it was going to take and we are on that path, so theres no new news here other than it continues to be an impact, a significant enough impact that we feel the need to call it out at this stage because we have an impact in North America and we do have an impact in Europe and developing markets. As Ive said, we will lap North America as we head into the fourth quarter and we will lap most of the heavy lifting in the other markets through the first quarter of 2010. So it is not our intent to continue to have to call out pruning. We will continue to do pruning because we believe it is the right thing to do for the business but we had some very significant house cleaning to do as we got started here, and as I said this is just the execution of that program that we told you about playing out. 
Timothy R. McLevish: You may recall earlier in the year we identified some of the metrics where we said we had pruned $300 million that had a cumulative or combined operating income of negative 14, so you can see that it is clearly the right thing to do and had a margin impact. 
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: But I guess what people are responding to now is that there is more walking away from business in Europe specifically. Maybe you could speak to how profitable was that volume that you are walking away from? I mean, was that negative previously or flat previously and then it became really negative when the pricing got tough?
Timothy R. McLevish: It was not very strong when we started and if we had taken on the business, it would have been minus. 
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you. 
Chris Jakubik: Maybe one last question, Operator. 
Operator:  Todays final question comes from Ann Gurkin of Davenport.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company: Lets talk about food service -- can you give us an outlook for your food service business and the health of your customers? Are you seeing customers still exit the business or is that slowing down? Any kind of outlook update there?
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, you know, the big picture for us is that overall as people are eating more at home, they are coming home to our products and coming home to Kraft, so Id say it has been -- the food service, the slow down in food service has been a net positive to us. Of course, it has been a negative impact to our food service business but thats less than 5% of our revenue, so I think its been in aggregate for our total company, it has been a net positive.  So we continue to see weakness in our food away from home business, both domestically as well as internationally and not a lot of signs that that is going to recover any time soon. But the good news is we are able to pick it up because of the strength of our retail business around the world. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company: Great. Thats all I have left. Thank you very much. 
Timothy R. McLevish: Can I go back for one second to the very first question that Jonathan Feeney asked to just make sure that our answer was clear? With respect to our criteria for the transaction or the proposed transaction impact on our dividend, our criteria would suggest that we would expect to hold our dividend per share constant, not the aggregate dollars associated with it. So obviously the aggregate dollar would increase to the extent we had more shares outstanding. 
Chris Jakubik: Okay, well, thanks very much for joining us and if anybody has any follow-up questions, we will be around to take them. 
Operator: This concludes your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Jakubik - Vice President Investor Relations Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO Tim McLevish - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Terry Bivens  JP Morgan David Palmer  UBS Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Tim Ramey  D.A. Davidson Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs Jon Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott Bryan Spillane  Bank of America Andrew Lazar  Barclays  David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Christine McCracken  Cleveland Research  
Operator: Welcome to Kraft Foods second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Chris Jakubik, Vice President Investor Relations for Kraft. Please go ahead, Sir. 
Chris Jakubik:  Thank you. Good afternoon. Thanks for joining us on our conference call. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO and Tim McLevish, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release was sent our earlier today and is available on our website www.KraftFoodsCompany.com. We have also made available on our website a set of slides that we will refer to during our prepared remarks.  As you know, during this call we may make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today so they contain an element of uncertainty. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the company's 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more detailed explanation of the inherent limitations in such forward-looking statements.  Some of today's prepared remarks will include non-GAAP financial measures and you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our news release.  With that out of the way, I will hand it off to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks Chris. Good afternoon. I hope you are enjoying not having to wake up quite so early to hear our results. I know we are happier.  Earlier today we reported strong second quarter results. Results that built on our solid first quarter. Our performance was broad based across our businesses and around the world and our results played through on both the top and bottom lines.  As we have said, our Q2 results began to reflect the transition from growth based on price to growth based on mix. As we begin to lapse the significant pricing actions we took last year, contribution from pricing has moderated and as a result of our targeted incremental investments we are seeing sequentially improving vol/mix.  Specifically, in North America and Europe our focus brands are growing in the mid single digits. In developing markets our focus brands continue to grow at strong double digit rates. Of course we also benefited from the Easter shift into the second quarter but this benefit was more than offset from our decision last year to discontinue a number of less profitable product lines.  On the bottom line, our profitability increased substantially despite the year-ago benefits from certain hedging gains and a value added tax credit. Importantly, margins expanded across all geographies. Gross margin rose by 30 basis points driven primarily by improved vol/mix. Operating income margin increased by 190 basis points. The completion of our restructuring program certainly contributed to the OI margin gains but improved vol/mix was an important driver as well.  Looking ahead, this strong operating momentum will continue. For the full year despite a challenging economic environment and significantly lower dairy costs, we are maintaining our target for organic revenue growth of about 3%. Pricing will be less of a factor and vol/mix in priority categories, core brands and key markets will continue to improve as the year progresses. Although we are seeing weakening category consumption trends in certain European and developing markets we are offsetting much of that gains in market share.  At the EPS line, we are raising our full-year forecast to at least $1.93 from $1.88. This represents double digit growth on a constant currency basis versus 2008. This forecast not only reflects our strong year-to-date performance but it also includes increased investments in marketing and cost savings initiatives. In particular, we are increasing our AMC spending to grow our share of voice. As a result, we expect 2009 AMC to increase as a percentage of net revenue even though advertising rates have come down considerably.  In addition, we are accelerating some cost savings initiatives to stage our earnings growth in 2010 and beyond. We now expect to spend at least $50 million more on these initiatives in the current year. That is in addition to the approximately $200 million we announced in the first quarter. These incremental investments will accelerate margin growth and provide more funds to reinvest in driving our top line.  Looking at these results within the context of our three-year turnaround I would say we are now in the home stretch. We have clearly hit our stride and have staged the business for sustainable, profitable growth. Our forecast for 2009 builds on the success of the past two years. We will again grow both the top and bottom lines while expanding margins and improving market share.  Equally important though we have made progress in a number of areas; rebranding our brand equities, increasing our pricing power, strengthening our innovation pipeline and identifying additional areas for future cost savings. As a result, we are poised to deliver profit margins at or above industry benchmarks and to consistently deliver against our long-term earnings target of 7-9% growth. We are finalizing our strategic plan right now and in the coming weeks will share more specifics with you about our cost savings pipeline and about our game plan to deliver significant margin expansion in the next two years.  Now I will turn the call over to Tim. 
Tim McLevish :  Thanks Irene and good afternoon. Let me start by saying that our Q2 results provided further evidence our financial turnaround is on track. Our top and bottom line trends continue to move in the right direction. We are beating the expectations we established at the beginning of this year and we have zeroed in on the specific levers that will deliver the growth we laid out in our long-term plan.  On the top line we achieved solid organic revenue growth. As you can see in this chart organic growth in the quarter was 2.9% including a modest, but positive contribution from vol/mix. Higher pricing drove 2.7 points of revenue growth but that included a 70 basis point hit from lower dairy prices. Additionally, Q2 organic growth was negatively impacted by about 40 basis points from a value added tax credit in the year-ago quarter.  Excluding these factors, organic growth would have been closer to 4%.  Going forward we expect vol/mix to become the primary driver of organic revenue growth and a significant contributor to higher earnings and profit margins. This change signals a more balanced growth profile on the top line for the full year and one that is more consistent with our long-term model.  Here is what we foresee. Pricing plus productivity will cover our input costs while volume growth and stronger product mix leverage our overhead costs to increase profit margins. As Irene mentioned, the Easter shift benefited us by about one percentage point in Q2. Again, this was more than offset by planned discontinuations of less profitable product lines announced last year. As you know, this lessens our volume and revenue growth but the net effect is a positive to both mix and profit margins which you see playing through in our results.  Turning now to the drivers of earnings per share. As you look at this chart there are two things I would like to highlight. First, our year-over-year improvement from operations in Q2 was $0.05, mainly from improved vol/mix and cost savings. This included $0.02 of headwinds due to certain realized hedging gains last year.  Second, on the year-to-date basis, gains from operations were $0.10. This also includes the $0.02 headwinds from the hedging gains I just mentioned. Importantly this operating improve came while offsetting more than $550 million of higher input costs through a combination of pricing and productivity. The key takeaway is this; we are growing our earnings in a very high quality manner. Specifically, our top line growth is becoming more balanced between pricing and vol/mix. Margin gains reflect a strong contribution from improved vol/mix that is a function of both investing in priority brands and walking away from unprofitable volume.  We continue to fund higher marketing spend to fuel future growth and we are carefully managing our overheads to further enhance our bottom line. As a result, we are comfortable in raising our EPS guidance to at least $1.93 for the year while making further incremental investments in marketing and cost savings initiatives to set the stage for next year.  We are also making excellent progress on cash flow. As you know we have been very focused on improving this very important financial metric. These efforts have certainly intensified since the financial crisis hit and we entered cash preservation mode. The benefits from our actions are now showing up in a stronger cash flow outlook driven by contributions from earnings, lower capital expenditures and working capital improvements.  As a result, we expect our 2009 discretionary cash flow to be higher than originally anticipated, approximately $2.6 billion in total. On an apples-to-apples basis that would be up from $2.4 billion in 2008. That also represents good progress towards our target of $3 billion of annual discretionary cash flow by 2011.  I will take a few moments now to share some highlights of our business segment results starting with North America. Overall we turned in solid growth in a difficult economic environment. As you can see organic revenue growth was 1.8% including 0.8 points from pricing. It is worth noting the impact of lower dairy prices in the quarter reduced North American revenue growth by about 1.5 percentage points.  In our priority categories revenue was up 5%. This demonstrates once again our focused investments in product quality, innovation and marketing are working. On the bottom line, North America delivered a 170 basis point increase to operating margins to 18.5%. Operating gains from favorable vol/mix and lower overheads contributed 110 basis points of that margin improvement.  Going forward, in the second half of the year we expect vol/mix to drive growth as segment pricing drives negative in Q3. This primarily reflects the impact of our adaptive pricing model in natural cheese. Before we get to individual North America segments lets take a look at U.S. market share.  As you can see on this slide our 52-week share trends are beginning to stabilize and improve. About 41% of our U.S. retail revenue gained or held share. Clearly we are not satisfied with our U.S. share performance but it does reflect stabilization of market trends as consumers adjust to the significant cost driven pricing in 2008. Going forward we see further market share improvements as we lap the pricing actions and declining consumer sentiment in the back half of last year.  Now lets take a look at results by segment. In U.S. beverages strong vol/mix drove organic revenue growth of 6%. Specifically the re-stage of Capri Sun with the lower sugar formula drove double digit revenue gains in our ready to drink category. In addition, solid performance by Maxwell House in response to our quality improvements drove double digit growth in mainstream coffee as well.  OI margins rose 60 basis points to 17.7%. Overhead leverage and the completion of our restructuring program contributed to the margin upside. We continue to invest in incremental marketing behind our priority brands. As we look ahead we expect year-over-year improvements in vol/mix to continue and the second half will benefit from new products and marketing programs in both powdered beverages and coffee.  In U.S. cheese our Q2 profile demonstrates our adaptive pricing model at work. Organic revenues fell 8.7% almost entirely due to lower pricing as diary input costs have fallen dramatically. At the same time, volumes have stabilized. More importantly we achieved a 16% increase in operating income which reflects pricing that is better aligned with our input costs.  In the second half we expect vol/mix to turn positive as we focus incremental marketing investments behind advantaged categories such as Kraft Singles and Philadelphia Cream Cheese. At the same time, barrel cheese costs have stayed close to government support levels longer than we had anticipated and therefore the impact of lower prices will be a greater drag on second half revenue growth.  This will not, however, impact our profit stream. Our adaptive pricing approach for natural cheese is now enabling us to reduce volatility in our income stream. That will enable our U.S. cheese business to be a more consistent contributor to our overall growth.  Now lets move on to U.S. convenient meals where consistent gains continue. Our focused investments in quality and innovation drove improvements in vol/mix. This in turn contributed to strong revenue growth and margin gains. On the top line, organic revenues grew 7.1%. DiGiorno pizza and Oscar Mayer Deli Fresh each grew 20% or more in the quarter. Oscar Mayer Deli Creations also grew strongly. At the profit line, operating margins jumped 260 basis points to 12.1%.  Higher pricing and better vol/mix drove the improvement overcoming input cost inflation and incremental marketing investment. Going forward we expect the momentum we have established in convenient meals to continue with strong revenue growth and cost savings.  On to U.S. grocery where we delivered solid gains on both the top and bottom lines. Organic revenues were up 6.7% as carry over pricing actions drove strong growth. Kraft Macaroni and Cheese was up double digits as it continued to benefit from value oriented marketing, new formats and flavor extensions. Operating margin rose 120 basis points to 34.8%. Margin benefited from better price cost alignment and overhead leverage that offset higher marketing costs.  Now lets look at U.S. snacks. Organic revenues rose 1.3% in the quarter due to pricing and vol/mix gains. Biscuits had a strong quarter with revenue up about 5% driven by solid performance of our top five brands. The strength in biscuits, however, was largely offset by a decline in nuts and bars. We expect these businesses to recover as the year progresses.  At the profit line, margin fell by 160 basis points. However, this included a headwind of more than 300 basis points due to significant realized gains on certain commodity hedging activities last year. Excluding the impact of hedging gains, margins would have been up strongly from improved vol/mix and overhead leverage. As we move forward, we have new marketing campaigns and new products planned for the second half of the year. We expect these activities to drive solid top line growth and deliver margin upside. Turning to Canada and North America Food Service, our business in Canada continued to perform well delivering strong organic revenue growth. This was driven by higher price levels and continued vol/mix improvements fueled by marketing investments and improved customer programs. However, declines in food service reflecting an industry wide slow down in casual dining traffic more than offset the gains in Canada.  In addition, the discontinuation of a less profitable product line negatively impacted revenues by about 2 percentage points. Operating margin rose by 260 basis points. This was driven by three things. Growth in Canada, overhead leverage as we have taken steps to offset weak trends in the food service industry and lower costs from the completion of the restructuring program.  Now lets turn to our businesses outside North America. In Europe revenues rose modestly as we grew share in a very difficult economic environment. The 0.4% increase in organic included two points of contribution from pricing. We are pleased that our investments in brand equity enabled our volume to hold up well in the face of strong pricing and a weakening economic environment.  However, vol/mix declined by 1.6 points in the quarter largely due to our decision to forego unprofitable volume. At the profit line, operating margins more than doubled to 10% despite additional investments in cost savings initiatives and higher marketing costs. This margin expansion was largely a result of improved pricing, favorable vol/mix and lower manufacturing costs as well as the completion of our restructuring program and lower divestiture related losses.  In developing markets, our focus on priority categories, core brands and key markets continues to drive strong growth. Organic revenues grew 9.3% with double digit gains in priority brands. For example, in Asia Pacific Oreo Cookies grew more than 40%. In Latin America, [lactic] chocolates were up more than 30%. In CEMA Jacobs Coffee grew about 10%. Tang powdered beverages grew strong double digits across each developing market region.  Operating margins increased strongly, 160 basis points to 13.3%. This came despite the absence of a $40 million Brazilian value added tax credit a year ago. The economic environment remains challenging and we continue to see weakening consumption trends particularly in Central and Eastern Europe. Nonetheless, we remain cautiously optimistic about performance in the second half as our investments behind priority brands continue to drive top and bottom line results.  With that I will hand it back to Irene for some closing comments. 
Irene Rosenfeld :  Thanks Tim. I will sum up our year-to-date very simply. We continue to deliver strong results across all geographies. We have raised our full-year outlook to at least $1.93 while increasing our investments in the business. As a result, in the next two years we are poised to deliver profit margins at or above industry averages and to consistently deliver against our long-term earnings target of 7-9% growth.  Now we would be happy to take your questions.
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse. 
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: I wanted to know about the revenue growth. It was just a little bit lighter than what we had expected and I guess it must have been due to the discontinuations. Was Easter originally supposed to be 200 basis points of a shift instead of 100?
Irene Rosenfeld :  No, we essentially expected it to be about 100 and as we mentioned it was offset by the discontinuation of some of our less profitable product lines. We actually felt quite good about our revenue performance in the quarter particularly in light of the fact that dairy was considerably lower than we had expected it to be. 
Tim McLevish :  I think what you are getting confused on was in the first quarter there was about a 200 basis point drag but that was a combination of the Easter shift as well as the discontinuation of certain product lines. 
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: So that was both of those things. 
Tim McLevish :  Yes. 
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: On the gross profit margin it is up 30 bips from a year ago. I think other companies are showing some big margin gains. Did the discontinuation of these items help your margin? If so, was that in that 30 bips? 
Irene Rosenfeld:  The net impact is positive from a margin standpoint. It is a little bit of a drag on revenue as we said and it certainly is an enhancer to our bottom line operating margins as well as our operating income. 
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: But gross margin up 30 basis points for the year, was that in line with your expectations? 
Tim McLevish :  It was probably a little bit ahead of our expectations. Keep in mind some of the factors that come through that would have enhanced the gross margin last quarter that we talked about in prior meetings such as the benefit from the realized hedging gains, etc. The fact it was above it actually overcame a number of pretty significant headwinds. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Just a few specific questions first. Did you mention how much advertising and promotional spending was either up or down in the quarter? 
Irene Rosenfeld :  We are actually not going to give you a number for the quarter. What I did say is that we expected it will be up on the year. It was in fact up on the quarter despite the fact that the costs have come down. We feel very good about the investment we have made to increase our share voice. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: The corporate expense was a lot higher even though I thought you had recognized a fair amount of pension expense in the first quarter. Is there any one particular thing that is driving that up so much sequentially quarter-over-quarter? 
Tim McLevish :  No, the pension contribution should have been about the same as the first quarter. Mark to market gains and losses run through corporate until they are realized. So there was some impact from that which may have been the delta you are seeing. 
Chris Jakubik :  Certainly year-over-year it would have been up pretty significantly. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: From a conceptual and strategic standpoint, I understand that you are now managing the cheese business to reflect more of the pass through and focusing on the higher margin pieces but with the pricing down 8% in this past quarter and volumes still not really recovering, in fact probably a little bit weaker because you had the benefit of Easter in there. Why shouldnt we have seen more of a recovery in volume within the quarter?
Irene Rosenfeld :  I think you will see a progressive improvement in the performance. There are a number of factors at work in the second quarter numbers. We benefited from Easter certainly in our cream cheese business. It doesnt have much of an impact on the other forms but the facts are we are continuing to de-emphasize some of our lower margin businesses. So the net of that puts a little pressure in the short-term on the vol/mix line. You will see improvement though as that works its way through and I think certainly we have good visibility to our share performance as we start to look out into the current quarters as well as the out quarters. We are feeling quite good about the performance of that business. Most importantly, as Tim mentioned, we feel very good about our ability to manage the volatility of the earnings on the business as a consequence of the approaches we have taken on adaptive pricing. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Terry Bivens  JP Morgan. 
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: On Europe granted there was some nice improvement there but I think you might agree with me that 10% operating margins are probably not where you want to be. Can you just give us a little color on how you see European margins evolving? I know you have a new person in there and presumably we will hear some more from that person. What is your two-year goal there to improve Europe? 
Irene Rosenfeld :  We have been pretty clear that we are targeting to get ourselves closer to peer margin in that geography as we are elsewhere in the world. The reality is as you look at the performance in the second quarter our operating income is up over 90% despite an almost 30% currency hit. We actually feel quite good about the progress they are making. Without a doubt 10% is not our end goal but it is a significant improvement year-over-year and I think we have the programming in place to continue to make progress on our margins in Europe as well as elsewhere. 
Tim McLevish :  We are very focused on the expense side of the equation and we will talk with you more about that in the back to school conference coming up next month. 
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: As we look, we should look at perhaps European food companies to get kind of a barometer of where you think that may go? 
Irene Rosenfeld :  Yes. 
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: Tim you mentioned $550 million in input costs if I heard that correctly. What period was that over? 
Tim McLevish :  $550 million is year-to-date. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of David Palmer  UBS. 
David Palmer  UBS: A question on promotions and the effectiveness around promotions these days in certain categories in 2009 versus maybe previous years where promotions and activities in store may not have made as much sense. For instance, are you thinking about dedicating more resources in-store behind the convenient meal categories or some of your categories within grocery that may be more pure and simple meals for the family and there is a better ROI attached to that than what you had seen before? Was there a higher impact on your pricing from increased promotions in this last quarter? 
Irene Rosenfeld :  We really feel very good as a result of the investments we have made in these businesses. We are in a much stronger position to be able to market these businesses and to essentially grow them with a variety of tactics. So particularly our value oriented businesses, our value meals; products like Mac & Cheese, products like frozen pizza, beverages like Kool-Aid, Crystal Light and Country Time, those kinds of products are doing exceptionally well with value messaging and we dont necessarily have to spend a lot more to promote them at this point in time. We have very strong brand equity that we have been able to leverage quite successfully.  The reality though is given the volatility of input costs we have invested more in the short-term in promotions because it has been our method to adjust pricing while we wait to see how the market shake out. Our intent long-term is continuing to shift our mix from more short-term promotional tactics to longer term equity building tactics like marketing innovation. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: On the commodity input cost pressure, do you have a full year number you talked about I think at one point it was $200 million for the full year. Has that gone up? 
Tim McLevish :  It has gone up a little bit. It is probably a little over $300 million is our expectation today. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: It has been $550 million year-to-date so this is the point where it actually starts to turn negative? 
Tim McLevish :  We will see it turn the other direction in the second half. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein:  Talk about increasing, or since the last quarter you talked about increasing your investment in marketing and cost savings in the back half of the year. Can you give us some sort of number on how much that has been raised since we last spoke? 
Tim McLevish :  None of the increases, we talked about a couple of pennies of initial restructuring and a couple of pennies of additional AMC investment, neither of which were in our first guidance or expectations. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: In the upward revision of guidance is there any foreign exchange movement in there? That seems to have turned a little bit more favorable over the last couple of months or in fact completely foreign exchange neutral. 
Tim McLevish :  If you kind of sequence it, as you know in January we talked about $0.16 on year-over-year pressure from FX. What happened at the end of the first quarter we had about another $0.05 worth of additional pressure and we thought we would be able to cover that with operational improvements. So we kind of held our guidance at that point. As FX has essentially come back to about the $0.16 level we originally started now we have let that $0.05 worth of operational improvements flow through. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets. 
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: In the categories you expect to gain market share that you havent gained market share can you talk about specific examples of what you are going to do to gain share? 
Irene Rosenfeld :  I will start with the situation in cheese. We will see progressively improved market share in our cheese businesses as we continue to focus our marketing efforts and our dollars on our advantage categories particularly singles and cream cheese. In a number of our other categories I would remind you we have about 10% of our revenue that is losing share but they are in categories like Mac & Cheese, hot dogs and Velveeta for example where we have very strong market share position and we are growing very nicely at high single digit rates. It just happens that the category is growing a little bit faster.  So we really see a number of our categories continuing to improve as the year progresses both through a combination of increased marketing support as well as the fact that a number of our innovations will hit in the back half. 
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: The second question I have is in terms of your hedge position how much are you more incrementally hedged this quarter than last quarter? Does that preclude you from or does that actually enable you to have more margin expansion in 2010 as they roll off? 
Tim McLevish :  Our hedge position is a pretty stable program. We are always essentially hedging until our ability to price reflects the changes in the underlying costs. Our hedge position has not changed appreciably from quarter-to-quarter. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Tim Ramey  D.A. Davidson. 
Tim Ramey  D.A. Davidson: A quick follow-up on Kens question. Does that mean your hedges dont extend into fiscal 2010 at this point? 
Tim McLevish : There may be a couple of them that extend into 2010 but that would be more of a [inaudible] product. Then we may have a bit of a oil hedge out into 2010 because that is a little bit less impact but the effects our fuel for our logistics and it also effects some of our packaging materials and films. We may extend a little bit of that out into 2010 but there really shouldnt be any direct input costs that are hedged out into 2010. 
Tim Ramey  D.A. Davidson: The volume recovery is very impressive and heartening. You talked about improved volume in the second half and that is great. Could you be more specific about what you think volume might do and just my vote that mixing volume and mix together is not at all intuitive to me. 
Irene Rosenfeld :  As we have told you, our expectation is that we will see the contribution of vol/mix driving our revenue growth in the back half of the year as we lap the pricing actions we took. We are quite confident we will be able to deliver that because we have been focusing our resources on those categories, brands and geographies where we have the greatest potential for revenue growth as well as the greatest profit potential. We are seeing that play through in each of our core geographies. In North America our focus brands are growing about 5%. In Europe similarly. In developing markets our priority businesses are growing about 19%.  I feel quite comfortable the focus we have got and the investments we are making in these core brands, and categories and markets will be a key driver of our performance in the back half of the year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs. 
Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs: Can you maybe give us a little more color in terms of your margin expansion opportunities as you are finalizing your strategic initiatives? I am just curious as to what buckets of cost savings really are out there for you to achieve. If you sort of look back a few years ago when you had the cost savings initiatives it sounds like a lot of that sort of went back towards brand investments to improve your brand equity and market share performance and in it sounds like maybe going forward more of the cost savings will really flow to the bottom line because you feel pretty good about your brands strength at this point. Am I thinking about this in the right way? 
Irene Rosenfeld :  Very much so. The reality is productivity has always been a hallmark of Kraft. Over the last couple of years even with the rise in input costs we have been using a lot of that to offset costs. Now that we have stronger brand equities we are able to use pricing much more effectively. As we look forward we are going to spend quite a bit of time at the back to school conference talking about our cost initiatives. I would tell you we are expecting to see margin expansion from a couple of sources. One is just the vol/mix improvement that will continue to play through as a consequence of our stronger brand equities. Second, we will give you a lot more visibility into our end to end productivity. We talked a little bit about this at CAGNY where we have got some very specific programming in a couple of areas including procurement, manufacturing and logistics and we will talk some more about that as well as continued focus on managing our overhead costs. That is what gives us great confidence that we can achieve at or above peer margin in the next two years. 
Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs: Is it still your intention to include these costs as part of your EPS? 
Irene Rosenfeld :  Absolutely. 
Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs: Just a quick follow-up on the mix component. A lot of companies were more realistic of mix not being as beneficial just given that consumers are under more pressure and could remain so for the foreseeable future. How does that sort of play into your algorithms? Your mix components specifically? 
Irene Rosenfeld :  I think in some cases there was a point where a number of us thought about mix in terms of trading consumers up. Actually it is just about not changing less profitable volume. So what you are seeing a lot of our businesses that are value oriented whether it is Mac and Cheese or powdered drinks, for example, have very attractive margins so that as we continue to market those businesses particularly in the current environment we are benefiting from the mix and we are getting mix benefit as a result. We feel quite comfortable that mix will continue to be a benefit to us. In fact, as we now lap a number of the more significant discontinuations that we made in the first half of last year we will start to see stronger pull through in our mix component. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jon Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott.  
Jon Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott:  A few companies have kind of proceeded down this path of sort of foraging their categories between certain focused brands and certain focused categories and others that are a little less profitable and getting less focused. I think the risk as I see it is communicating that to customers directly or indirectly tends to have an impact and maybe can get a little out of control. How have you dealt with retailers in categories where you are maybe putting a little bit less investment? How are you managing that risk that maybe those categories decline a little bit more than you had planned? 
Irene Rosenfeld :  Let me be clear. When we talk about focus these are categories are getting incremental investment. The balance is just getting investment that is essentially in line with the company average. We are not talking about walking away from business. What we are talking about is disproportionately investing incrementally in businesses that we feel have greater growth potential. So it is not a difficult conversation with our customers. They are as anxious to grow some of these core categories as we are. The businesses that are not part of our focus categories are still receiving support and in fact they are some of the businesses that benefited from the investment that we made over the last couple of years. We are just not looking to invest any further incrementally in those businesses. We feel quite comfortable that the level of support they have today is adequate. 
Jon Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott: You mentioned in your opening remarks thinking about margins and productivity aligned with industry benchmarks. Can you give us a sense of what those benchmarks are? Are we talking about operating margin and industry averages? Any color around what you can give us around what your internal benchmarks are from that long-term perspective. 
Irene Rosenfeld :  We will be giving a lot more color on how we are thinking about it and more specifics. Margins as we are thinking about them are operating margins and as we said before we set our sights on getting ourselves back at least to peer average margins which we would define to be the global food and beverage margins. We see those in the mid teens. That is the target we have set for ourselves. As a result of the good work we have done on a number of the cost initiatives that I mentioned a moment ago. We have much better visibility to the impact of those kinds of initiatives. We will talk a lot more about that at the back to school conference. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane  Bank of America. 
Bryan Spillane  Bank of America: First, on the input inflation outlook for the year going up from $200 million to $300 million what moved against you that caused it to go up for the year? 
Tim McLevish :  It is not reallyit is a variety of factors. I cant point to one specific input cost that has changed. That is kind of our latest view of the overall impact. 
Bryan Spillane  Bank of America: Just trying to get a sense for whether there is something we should be watching that could move that. How much volatility can we expect that to have in the back half of the year I guess is what Im after. 
Tim McLevish :  We feel pretty good about that number. It may be a little bit more than that $300 million number maybe closer to $400 million for the whole year. Again, that reflects a decline in the second half of the year some $750 million. 
Chris Jakubik :  Just to clarify, I think Alexia said that we had our original forecast was $200 million. That would be incorrect. In fact our forecast at the beginning of the year was higher. It has actually come down a bit to that $300 million range. 
Bryan Spillane  Bank of America: I thought it was $200 million at the end of the first quarter. For some reason I had that written down. The other question in terms of getting back to the mid teens operating profit margin targets over the next two years, if you hit your organic revenue assumption and you hit that target it seems like EPS would grow faster than the 7-9%? Am I thinking about that right? 
Tim McLevish :  It would be at the upper end of the range. There is a little bit of variation in all of that. I would say you are right it would drive an EPS at the upper end of that 7-9% target range for the next several years as we enhance that considerably. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar  Barclays. 
Andrew Lazar  Barclays : A quick follow-up. I know you will get into a lot more of this in the coming weeks but as we think about how you get ultimately to the margin goals that you want to, just thinking about your North American margins versus those overseas, the bigger opportunity right from a margin perspective is overseas but it would seem where those outsized margin gains and improvements really need to come from. Is that where you have identified disproportionate amounts of cost synergies relative to North America as a percent of sales? 
Tim McLevish :  Disproportionate I would say is accurate. More to come from upside in North America. A big piece of it, as we talked about, is to come from Europe. Developing markets has margin opportunity but they are really the growth driver. The EU has OI margin improvement opportunity and there is still some room in North America. We have said before the 21-22% is not a sustainable level and that is reflected very high North America. We dont think it is healthy to go back to those levels. Clearly we think there is upside across all of our geographies. Probably the biggest opportunity is in Europe and then developing markets. Then you are right North America still has some but not the preponderance of it. 
Andrew Lazar  Barclays : In thinking about the 3% organic rate of sales growth this year with you mentioned dairy obviously was a bigger hit to the downside to that organic growth rate maybe than you thought at the beginning of the year. Is it accurate to say for the operating side of organic top line growth outside of that dairy piece is better to make up for that to keep the 3% organic growth rate for the year? 
Tim McLevish :  Exactly right. The rest of it is built in a little bit better than we had originally anticipated to make up for the shortfall in cheese and the dairy products. 
Andrew Lazar  Barclays : Your vol/mix went from minus 3.4 in the first quarter to plus 0.2 this quarter. Without getting into the specific components, is there a way to say which one drove the majority of that improvement? Was it primarily mix that drove that? Was volume at least sequentially better if not positive in the quarter? 
Tim McLevish :  Again, I will reiterate. I know some of you dont particularly care for combining the two but we think it is a really more accurate reflection because the inherent tradeoff between vol and mix can become actually misleading if you look at them individually. In the first quarter vol was about 2.2% of the 3.4%. This quarter vol was essentially flat. So we picked up 0.2 from mix in this quarter and 1.2 from mix in the first quarter. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research. 
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: A question on the second half of 2009. Year-to-date you earned $1.00 per share. That leaves $0.93 for the back half of the year. I believe you said commodities would be a significant tailwind and I think the computation is somewhere around a $200 million benefit in terms of commodity deflation. Something we havent seen in a very long time. Why then are the second half earnings at just $0.93 and below that first half? I have gone back and looked at the pattern and there really is no significant seasonality pattern over many, many years at Kraft. Can you go into some factors here? Is it just being conservative? 
Tim McLevish :  There are a couple of things. You are right, when you go back to the seasonal patterns at Kraft you have a fair number of moving parts with restructuring reserves and charges and all those sorts of things. On balance, front half and back half I would say on average is about 50/50, a little bit maybe more weighted to the second half by a couple of percentages. On balance about the same. The input costs going down in the second half of the year will also come with it some expectation as we talked about with pricing in cheese and natural cheese. You will see some of the pricing come down as well. We are in fact anticipating that pricing in the second half of the year will actually be a negative contributor to revenues. We do have a number, as we talked about, as well of thingswe have about $0.02 of cost savings initiatives that werent in our prior forecast that with the strong performance we have had that we are taking the opportunity to accelerate some of the cost savings initiatives. So we have picked up about $50 million. We originally came out with about somewhere between $150-200 million that we were investing in cost savings initiatives.  We have kicked that up by about $0.02 or $50 million. Also as we mentioned earlier we are increasing our investment in brand building and increasing our AMC by about $0.02 to $50 million. So that makes up substantially the difference in first half and second half. I think it is a realistic expectation considering the environment out there. We feel pretty good about it quite frankly. 
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Bigger picture here on the commodity side, over the last four years by my calculations the commodity inflation hit to Kraft foods has been just over $4 billion. Gross margins are down 385 basis points ended 2008. I think there is just a wide expectation there that a deflation of commodities is a significant positive for Kraft. Is this one of the fundamental drivers in your comments about the margin goals? I think you are leading us to the conclusion that at this upcoming conference you are going to spell out these margin goals in the next two years. It would seem that a deflationary environment would be a key component of it. Am I reading that correctly? 
Irene Rosenfeld :  No, I wouldnt say that. I talked earlier about what we see as the key drivers of the margin expansion. We will give you a lot more detail on that in a couple of weeks. I feel particularly good we have staged the business for long-term growth because of the investments we have made in our brand equities, the pricing power that we have been able to demonstrate. The fact we have a much stronger innovation pipeline. All of which make us feel quite comfortable that the vol/mix expectations we have which will be the key driver of margin expansion are quite realistic. We are going to basically add to that some of the good work that has gone on in creative ideas in end to end productivity as well as some of the actions we have continued to take to manage overhead costs.  It is really a combination of those three areas. The end to end productivity, the vol/mix improvement and managing our overhead costs I think that will drive our margin expansion. 
Tim McLevish :  All of the margin expansion we have talked about and will talk more about in the coming weeks is attributable to operational improvements. None of it is a forecasting an expectation we will see a tailwind from input cost deflation. 
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: If I were just to restate what you are trying to say then is the things that are under your control are really the basis for the margin forecast, if I or any one of us were to take the view that commodities were deflationary and the view that this is a benefit to Kraft would you agree that would be additive to what you all are doing? 
Tim McLevish :  I would say anything we have guided or set expectations for is purely operations or under our control and we are committed to deliver them. To the extent there are changes in the input costs some of that would play through. If you had a dramatic downward change in dairy prices again some of that presumably would have to be given back as pricing. Again, we have built the strength of our brands, we have innovative new products, we think we have pricing power but we have to see exactly how that would play out in the environment if we saw a material change in some of those input costs. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research. 
Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research: A couple of quick housekeeping questions and then a broader question. First, it looks like you have about $26 million or so of asset impairment exit costs this quarter. If I remember correctly there were about $25 million of restructuring type costs that were embedded in the P&L in the first quarter. Were there additional costs, restructuring costs embedded this quarter or should we expect now $200 million or so in the second half? 
Tim McLevish :  Actually I think the $26 million you are seeing is actually a credit of $26 million attributable to some charges we took last year under the program. We found a better means for accomplishing that, essentially sold the business rather than shut it down or a manufacturing plant. So we took back the net of $26 million worth of restructuring. So that was a credit. Embedded within the second quarter is about $40-45 million worth of restructuring costs. You wont see it broken out in the P&L because it is embedded within the individual liens. As we have talked about moving away from tax item reporting and carving out restructuring it is embedded but there is about $40-45 million worth of costs in the second quarter and a similar amount in the first quarter. Year-to-date we are about $90 million and we are expecting that to step up in the second half. We had originally said $150-200 million so that would kind of normalize that. Now we have stepped that up about $50 million additionally as we see opportunity to accelerate some of that restructuring. 
Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research: To follow-up on the commodity outlook for the second half could you give a rough guidance as to how much of the commodity deflation you expect to come from lower cheese costs which would obviously be passed on given your adoptive pricing model? Is that the bulk of the $250 million delta in commodities? Or can you give us an order of magnitude there? 
Tim McLevish :  It is a big piece of it. As you know, dairy prices have come down pretty dramatically from the last half of this year to where they are at today. There has been some recent shifts in that as the regulatory environment has made some changes. I would say other of the input costs, some of them are moving upward a little bit. Some are moving downward. On balance I would say the cheese thing is the primary driver of it. 
Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research: In terms of your priority brands versus the rest of the portfolio, if I remember correctly the priority brands represent something like 45-50% of the U.S. business at least. It seems like you are showing some very solid, mid single digit top line growth from those. Do your current targets and does the current model work if the other 50% or so of the portfolio does not improve in terms of performing from current levels? Or is there some expectation the non-priority or non-focus part of the portfolio is going to start to improve from these levels built into your expectations? 
Irene Rosenfeld :  Our major assumption here is that these priority brands will be the key drivers of our aggregate performance as they have been so far. So again if you look at our aggregate results in North America, for example, where our priority brands grew about 5%, they represent as you said, over half of our revenue. Similarly we are seeing a disproportionate contribution from these brands in the other regions of the world. So we are counting on continued strong performance from these focus businesses because that is where we are putting the incremental investment and essentially sustained performance from the balance of the portfolio which is quite consistent with what we have seen so far. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: First off, on the cost savings you are expecting for the year you have taken the charge a little bit. Are we still looking for around $200 million of cost savings for the year? 
Tim McLevish :  Yes, that is from the last restructuring program that we finished last year. The full year 2009 effect of that is about $200 million. The cost savings initiatives we are undertaking in the back half of the year that we talked about, the additional $200 million or $200 plus million is new programs that will benefit us in subsequent years. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: On the cheese price increases we have seen recently, it has moved up pretty quickly obviously. Does that temper your comment about the negative pricing in the third quarter? Will we see that flow through in the third quarter or is that more of a fourth quarter shift for you in terms of retail pricing? 
Tim McLevish :  I would say where the cheese pricing is today is pretty consistent with our forecast. The increase we have seen really was reflected in our expectations. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: As a bigger picture question regarding trade promotion, IRI data says a lot of your categories are seeing increased levels of promotion and I wonder if you could make a general comment about that across your business. Also, competitively if you are seeing increased levels of promotion and pricing promotion in your categories, X cheese because I think we have seen that in cheese pretty clearly. 
Irene Rosenfeld :  As I mentioned, we are seeing some increases in some respects because of the volatility of input costs. We have been using promotions tactically to adjust pricing. We are seeing some impact in a number of our categories. Occasionally we are seeing some sporadic aggressive price points that are really being funded by our customers as well. So there has been some activity but it is our long-term expectation that as the dust settles and we see input costs stabilize we will continue to move our spending from short-term tactical spending to more long-term equity building investments. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus:  Was that a drag in your overall price realization in the quarter? 
Irene Rosenfeld :  Not really because net/net we essentially spent a little bit more in promotions. In some cases we actually used that rather than take a risk price reduction. We actually used the trade promotion to adjust prices. So essentially our net price was essentially where we expected it to be. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: If I look out to next year now, and maybe it is a little bit early to be doing this but it looks like you would have input cost inflation of at least 3% and maybe as high as 5%. That probably would be pretty manageable from a cost productivity perspective. Is that similar to what you see at this point? 
Tim McLevish :  It is a bit early to be giving any indication or guidance on 2010 or future. I would rather not make those prognostications at this point. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  From a vol/mix perspective, where are we in the pruning process? Are you done pruning? Is there just going to be a few more quarters before we lap the effort you have already got underway or is there more to come? 
Irene Rosenfeld :  I will tell you the heavy lifting is pretty much behind us. As we exit the third quarter we will have lapped most of the significant reductions we have made. We will continue on an ongoing basis to do some pruning but we took out some significant product lines in a number of our businesses and we would not expect that to replicated. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: At what point does the growth in the non-measured channels, at what point do the comps there start to get tough? It seems like there is still pretty good growth coming out of those channels. When will it get difficult? 
Irene Rosenfeld :  I think certainly some of the trends that are fueling the growth of these other channels, the value orientation and just the shopper traffic we expect will be something we will continue to see for the foreseeable future and it is one of the reasons we continue to make sure we are appropriately represented there. 
Tim McLevish :  Operator, one more question. 
Operator:  The final question comes from Christine McCracken  Cleveland Research. 
Christine McCracken  Cleveland Research : Not to get too specific but in fairness given the commodity cost favorability you are expecting in the second half should it be heavily concentrated in North America with the dairy and pricing cost outlook and not in Europe where sugar and coffee are moving higher? 
Tim McLevish :  We have a much heavier cheese business and pizza business is more heavily weighted towards dairy input costs. You are right. We continue to see a little bit higher cocoa costs and sugar and so forth. I would say that is fair that North America will be most impacted. 
Christine McCracken  Cleveland Research : Separately, on DiGiorno and Deli Fresh it seems to be more premium products that might be benefiting from the shift away from food service you noted [inaudible] well known that is happening. When you look at the launch of new products you are going to be coming out with in the second half are you tailoring that innovation at all to kind of hit those same trends or are you expecting thinking kind of longer term when you are rolling those things out? 
Irene Rosenfeld :  No I would tell you that we have certainly a number of items in our pipeline that would be more premium kinds of offerings and we have chosen to just hold those in abeyance while we wait for the economy to recover. I would say the focus of our near-term innovation pipeline is on snacking. It is on health and wellness products and continued focus on value. 
Christine McCracken  Cleveland Research : On the frozen area, there hasnt been any noticeable shift down in sales trends there? We have been picking that up here in the last couple of weeks. I just wanted to follow-up with that. 
Irene Rosenfeld :  No, we have had I think our seventh straight quarter of double digit revenue growth in our pizza business. We are quite optimistic about the outlook. 
Operator:  This concludes the question and answer portion of the conference. I will now turn the call back over to Chris Jakubik for closing remarks. 
Chris Anderson :  Thanks very much. Thanks everybody for joining us this evening. For those people in the media who have further questions, Mike Mitchell will be available to you. For any analysts who have follow-ups myself and Dexter will be around for awhile to take questions. Thanks very much. We will speak to you very soon. 
Operator:  This concludes todays Kraft Foods second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-05 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Jakubik - Vice President Investor Relations Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO Tim McLevish - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research David Palmer  UBS Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Bryan Spillane  Bank of America David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research Terry Bivens  JP Morgan Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital Tim Ramey  D.A. Davidson Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Jon Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to Kraft Foods First Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. Id now like to turn the call over to Mr. Chris Jakubik, Vice President Investor Relations for Kraft.
Chris Jakubik: I'm Chris Jakubik, Vice President of Investor Relations. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO, and Tim McLevish, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release was sent our earlier today and is available on our website www.KraftFoodsCompany.com. Weve also made available on our website a set of slides that we will refer to during our prepared remarks. As you know, during this call we may make forward looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today so they contain an element of uncertainty.  Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the company's 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more detailed explanation of the inherent limitations in such forward looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks will include non-GAAP financial measures and you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our news release.  Today Irene will lead things off with an overview of our Q1 results and 2009 outlook and Tim will highlight our financials and review the results for each of our business segments. Afterward well take your questions.  With that, I'll hand it off to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Earlier today we reported a very solid start to 2009. The confidence I expressed in our in our business momentum our January call played through in our first quarter financial results. As you know, we faced an extremely challenging economic environment. Despite that we remain on track to deliver our 2009 guidance and to complete our turn around. Our management team is successfully navigating through the abrupt shift from a period of cost spikes and unprecedented pricing, to an environment of exceptionally weak consumer confidence. We remain focused on flawlessly executing our plans while improving our cost profile. Were using those savings to both build our brands through investments in product quality, marketing and innovation as well as to invest in our sales capabilities to improve retail execution. Additionally, as we discussed at CAGNY were leveraging our portfolio around the world by focusing our investments on priority categories, core brands, and key markets. Were driving profitable growth in the categories that matter most. Were also pruning less profitable product lines to further improve our product mix. As a result we delivered solid gains on both the top and bottom lines. Organic net revenue grew 2.3% and that includes a negative impact of about 1.6 percentage points from two things; the shift of Easter into the second quarter and the targeted discontinuation of less profitable product lines. Pricing continued to be the main driver of our revenue growth but volume mix improved sequentially from Q4 and Im pleased to say it beat our expectations. At the profit line, operating income margin increased 290 basis points to 13.5%. That was also stronger then expected. Both gross and operating income margins increased for the total company, with contributions from nearly every business. Even adjusting for the absence of restructuring program charges margins still increased significantly. They were up about 170 basis points over last years ex-items margins. We remain on track to deliver our 2009 guidance. From a top line perspective were still targeting organic revenue growth of approximately 3%. As we said in January we expect the effect of pricing actions taken last year to contribute to more than half of this growth. As youll recall, we priced aggressively in 2008 to protect gross margins in a rapidly rising cost environment. We will begin lapping those pricing actions in Q2. In addition, in the second half well start to lap the impact of the discontinuation of less profitable product lines and the elimination of less productive trade programs. As a result, going forward we expect vol/mix to turn positive and to contribute to further margin expansion. On the bottom line, in light of our strong Q1 operating performance Im even more confident about our outlook for the balance of the year. Having said that, at this time we believe its prudent not to raise but rather to maintain or guidance because of the continuing strength of the dollar and the uncertain economic environment. We will deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.88. This represents double digit growth versus our 2008 ex-items EPS on a constant currency basis. In the broader context of our three year turn around weve continued to make steady progress toward our ultimate goal of sustainable, profitable growth. For 2009 our focus is on expanding profit margins and on growing market share. As the year unfolds we expect market share to improve as we lap last years pricing actions and benefit from continued investments in our brands and sales capabilities. Volumes and product mix will strengthen as we continue to focus investments on priority categories, brands and markets. The leverage from improving vol/mix trends and additional cost reductions will further expand margins for the full year. In sum, despite the current economic challenges, I believe the investments weve made since 2007 are serving us well. They will enable us to emerge from this environment an even stronger company. I remain confident in our ability to deliver sustainable profitable growth. Now Ill turn the call over to Tim.
Tim McLevish: Let me start by saying Im quite encouraged by our financial results on both the top and the bottom lines. In terms of our top line growth, as you can see, organic growth in Q1 was 2.3%. This quarter was our most difficult comparison because the majority of our reporting segments were adversely affected by the Easter shift. Several saw the impact of targeted discontinuations of less profitable product lines. Excluding these factors organic growth would have been about 4%. Higher pricing drove 5.7 points of revenue growth, reflecting the cumulative effect of the cost driven price increases we took last year. At the same time, vol/mix in the quarter was down about 3.5 points versus the prior year. At CAGNY you may recall we estimated a Q1 volume decline of about 5%. Our volume came in stronger then we had expected for two reasons. Retailer inventory reductions were less then anticipated and several of our priority categories turned in better than expected performance. As we look ahead, we expect the contribution from pricing to moderate as we lap pricing actions taken last year. At the same time, we expect vol/mix to turn positive beginning in Q2 and to be a significant contributor to higher earnings and profit margins. No doubt youve noticed that were now combining volume and mix in our reporting. Were combining them because they are so closely interrelated. Either figure taken alone can be misleading because it tells only half the story. In addition, its consistent with our long term growth model. The underlying premise of that model is that we expect pricing plus productivity to cover our input costs while volume growth and stronger product mix will leverage our overhead costs to increased profit margins. Were making the appropriate trade offs on this front and the successful execution of our 2009 plans will result in improved product mix that will be a significant contributor to earnings growth. Heres why. As we continue to focus our investments on priority categories, core brands, and key markets well see the benefit in improved volume and mix.  Of course, as we discontinue less profitable product lines and cut inefficient trade spending we expect some hit to volume. The net of these actions will be a positive impact to mix and profit margins. As a result, well report and focus our analysis on volume and mix combined. Turning now to slide 10 and the drivers of Q1 earnings per share. As you look at this chart there are several things Id like to highlight. First, the $0.06 of growth from year over year operating gains. This reflects our successful investments in brand building and sales capabilities. We achieved this operating gain despite headwinds.  They included unfavorable pension costs of $0.02, another $0.01 of costs from the pistachio recall, and the spending our 2009 cost savings initiatives that were now treating as a regular cost of doing business. All things considered a very strong contribution from operations and we have more cost savings ahead of us. We had a $0.03 favorability from hedging activities, most of this was expected. The resulting benefit of having booked unrealized losses in Q4 last year, the rest was a mark to market of new positions that will be offset in subsequent quarters later this year. Finally, taxes were an unfavorable $0.01 year over year. Our Q1 effective tax rate was 33% compared to the 31.5% we expect for the full year. This is due to the timing of certain discrete tax items. In the end, we reported a 15% increase in diluted earnings per share or 29% on a continuing operations basis. Ill take a few minutes now to share some highlights of our business segment results. Ill start with North America where investments in focus categories and sales capabilities drove solid gains. As you can see, organic growth in Q1 was 1.3%. However, it would have been two points higher if not for two factors. The shift of Easter into Q2 which affected most of our business units and the targeted discontinuation of less profitable product lines that weve talked about before. Pricing contributed 4.5 points to revenue growth reflecting the cumulative effect of the cost driven price increases we took last year. This pricing offset approximately $150 million in higher input costs in the quarter. Overall, on the revenue line, we turned in a very solid quarter in a difficult environment. In fact, in the priority categories were we focused our investments; revenue growth was up 6% demonstrating once again that our investments in product quality, innovation, and marketing are working. On the bottom line, North America delivered 230 basis point increase in operating margins to 59.9%. Benefits from targeted product line discontinuations as well as lower overhead and restructuring program costs drove margin gains. I would note that while the discontinued product lines pressured our top line growth by about $50 million those same product lines collectively lost $12 million in the year ago quarter. Hence a significant contribution to improved product mix and profit margins. Going forward, in Q2 well see a pick up in quality, innovation and marketing initiatives. As the year unfolds we expect vol/mix to improve and margin gains to continue.  Before we look at individual North American segments Id like to address Q1 market share. As you can see on this slide our share performance reflects difficult comparisons to the year ago period. Not only due to the higher pricing levels this year but also due to a weaker consumer environment. Those comparisons were compounded by the shift to the Easter selling period where leading brands carry a higher than average share. As we said at CAGNY however, we do expect comparisons to improve as we lap the pricing actions and weaker consumer sentiment in the back half of the year. Now lets look at performance by segment. In U.S. Beverages we saw both strong vol/mix and margins gains despite difficult comparisons. In particular, the restage of Capri Sun drove double digit revenue gains in our ready to drink category and value oriented marketing behind Kool-Aid continued to drive solid growth in powdered beverages. Organic revenue grew 1.4% overall despite about two points of pressure from the Easter shift and product line discontinuations. OI margins rose to 20.7% reflecting growth in powdered beverages, lower overhead and restructuring costs as well as the timing of marketing expenses. As we look ahead, we expect stronger vol/mix and further year over year margin expansion. Our second quarter results will benefit from the Easter shift and the second half will benefit from new products and marketing programs in powdered beverages and coffee. In U.S. Cheese, our Q1 results again reflected comparisons against a period prior to the implementation of our adaptive pricing model. We showed lower vol/mix but a large increase in margins. This growth profile reflects unusual circumstances in the prior year where our pricing actions had not caught up to costs, versus this year with a more normal matching of prices and costs. Beginning in Q2 our comparisons will be more like for like under the adaptive pricing model in both years. We expect year over year pricing to be lower reflecting a decline in dairy costs. Vol/mix will turn positive as we focus incremental marketing investments behind advantaged categories such as Kraft Singles and Philadelphia Cream Cheese. Ill remind you that this model target absolute dollar profit levels as opposed to margins. As input costs come down well adjust pricing accordingly. Therefore, input cost volatility will be absorbed by pricing actions. Vol/mix growth will drive improvement in profit. Now moving on to U.S. Convenient Meals. Our investments in quality and innovation continue to drive strong organic growth and margin gains. The continued success of Oscar Mayer Deli Fresh, Lunchables, and Deli Creations contributed to this growth. Pizza delivered its sixth consecutive quarter of double digit growth with sizeable gains across multiple price points. Base DiGiorno and Jacks grew strongly and new For One single serve platform continued to gain traction. As a result, organic revenues grew 8.2% with vol/mix contributing 2.4 points. Overall, were especially pleased with the consistent gains by this business. At the profit line, despite significantly higher input costs, operating margins jumped 360 basis points to 12.6%. This was due to improved product mix and lower overhead and restructuring program costs. Looking ahead, well continue to increase investment behind our highest margin items to maintain our momentum. On to U.S. Grocery where we delivered very solid gains despite difficult comparisons. On the top line, organic revenues were up 3.3% despite an impact of about three points from the Easter shift and product line discontinuations. Pricing contributed 7.4 points to growth as we benefited from the impact of pricing actions taken last year. Kraft Macaroni & Cheese continued to perform well as quality investments and value oriented marketing drove double digit growth. Operating margins grew to 32% benefiting from the timing of certain marketing costs as well a lower overhead and restructuring program costs. As we look ahead to the second quarter, well begin to roll out new initiatives in Mac & Cheese and in pourable and spoonable dressings. As a result, we expect to see a sequential improvement in our vol/mix trends as the year progresses. Now lets look at U.S. Snacks. Organic revenues were up only modestly as higher price levels were largely offset by a number of factors. They included ongoing weakness in bars and nuts, and a negative impact of about two points from the Easter shift and the pistachio recall. Nevertheless, cookies and crackers continued to perform well up 3.5%. In fact, our top five biscuit brands grew more than 10%. Oreo led the way with more than 20% growth. We expect top line trends to improve as the year progresses. We have new initiatives in crackers and nuts launching in the second quarter and we expect our pistachio items to return to the shelves by the end of this month. At the profit line, operating margins rose to only 10.8% due to the negative impact of about 1.4 points from the pistachio recall. Also keep in mind the first quarter is a seasonally low margin quarter for snacks. We expect sequential improvement in margins over the course of the year. Now turning to Canada and North America Foodservice. Our business in Canada continued to perform well, delivering double digit organic revenue growth. This was driven by continued volume gains from marketing investments and improved customer programs. Vol/mix was down for the segment overall. The gains in Canada were more than offset by declines in Foodservice. These were the results of the impact of the slowdown in casual dining traffic and from the effects of discontinuing lower margin product lines. While we have a number of new branded programs for this channel, our Foodservice revenues are likely to be down with the industry for the balance of the year. Between the currency impact in Canada, lower Foodservice volumes, operating margins fell in the quarter to 9.4%. Were working to mitigate the near term pressure on profit margins. Weve announced price increases to offset higher product costs in Canada and as the economic conditions deepen the slowdown in restaurant traffic were implementing programs to aggressively reduce manufacturing and overhead costs. Now Ill turn to our business outside North America. Europe is executing its plan to improve profitability. As expected, revenues were lower but margins were up significantly. The 3.3% decline in organic revenue reflects tough year on year comps as well as changes were making such as discontinuing certain product lines. These discontinuations and the Easter shift negatively impacted revenue by about two points.  In addition, the year ago quarter saw a 7.2% increase in vol/mix in part due to retailers buy in prior to our price increases. Market share performance in Europe was solid due to continued investments in focused brands. This is driven by good revenue gains from Kenco, Carte Noir, and Tassimo in coffee, Cote dOr in Chocolate and biscuit gains from Oreo, Milkado, and Ourson.  At the profit line, despite an unfavorable impact from currency operating margins rose to 7.6%. These gains were driven by a combination of factors; better alignment of prices and input costs, improved product mix, and the absence of restructuring program costs and divestiture related losses. Well continue to invest in our category led European operating company structure. As a result, we expect further improvement in both organic growth and margin trends. In Developing Markets we continued to see the benefits of our 5-10-10 strategy as our focus on priority categories, core brands and key markets drives strong growth. Organic revenues grew 12% with solid gains in each region. Our core brands led the way with growth of more 17% and we continued to gain share in most markets. Despite a significantly negative impact from currency, operating margins grew to 11.8%. The gain was driven by better mix and higher price levels which offset increased input costs and local inflation. As we look ahead, we remain cautiously optimistic despite what remained a highly volatile environment. To be sure, volume comparisons will remain difficult but well continue to drive improvements in product mix and we have contingency plans in place to protect our investments. Before I finish, a quick word about our balance sheet. Despite the difficult economic environment we continue to make progress on working capital and cash flow. Our cash conversion cycle was down more then a day and cash flow was positive in what is seasonally cash consuming quarter. With that Ill hand it back to Irene for some closing comments.
Irene Rosenfeld: Ill sum up our first quarter results quite simply. Our strong operating gains represent a very solid start to the year. Were on track to deliver our 2009 guidance and despite the challenging environment we will improve market share and expand margins as we complete our turn around. Now wed be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: I noticed in your opening comments you said that we will deliver a $1.88 you didnt say were forecasting $1.88. The tone is different from what we typically hear when guidance is given. Can you give us some explanation as to why you chose those words?
Irene Rosenfeld: I didnt particularly choose those words to signify anything other then the fact that we had a very strong quarter; it exceeded our expectations as I said but it is only the first quarter, its still a very volatile environment out there and we believe we are best served by maintaining our guidance at this time. My remarks were simply meant to suggest that we are quite confident that we deliver the guidance that weve given of $1.88.
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: Weve heard some comments from other companies saying that they think that the economic environment has bottomed and its starting to improve. Youve gotten off to a good start here, how much of this do you think is a function of consumers starting to re-awaken or is it just you executing very well in what continues to be a tough environment.
Irene Rosenfeld: I would say our first quarter represents excellent execution in a difficult environment but we are starting to see some signs of recovery but there are a number of spots in the world particularly in Central and Eastern Europe where we believe that we will continue to see some weakness. In aggregate though we remain confident in the outlook that weve given.
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: The inventory reductions I think second quarter was supposed to be a tough one for Europe, is that going to be the case any more or are you no longer worried about inventory reductions.
Tim McLevish: We did see some inventory reductions in Q1 but did not add up quite as much as we had anticipated going into the quarter. The de-load was clearly was not as high as it was in Q4 of last year but we have seen some, as Irene pointed out, a bit more in the Eastern, Central European markets. I would point out that our receivables remained solid, our collection was just fine and theyre in good shape.
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: Should we dampen our revenue expectation for second quarter at all for inventory de-load or not at all.
Tim McLevish: There will be some but on the margin, I wouldnt expect to be a material amount.
Operator: Your next question comes from Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs
Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs: Youve talked about Q1 being off to a good start here but if we look at your market share trend and youve shown the chart that shows the sequential deterioration in your market share numbers there. Why arent you more concerned about that number and what gives you confidence that as you start to lap the pricing actions that you will start see improvement in your market share and maybe you need to do something a little bit more aggressive to show better market share behavior going forward.
Irene Rosenfeld: There are a couple of reasons. The biggest issue is that our Q1 numbers were hurt by the Easter shift as we have said. About 40% of our global revenue is impacted by the Easter shift; things like chocolate, things like crackers. Typically leading brands carry higher then average shares at the holidays. We have visibility obviously to our April sell through. Easter went quite well and so I think Q2 and the six month numbers will give you much better visibility to performance. I am quite confident that as we look out to the future that you will see steady improvement in market share as the year progresses. Not only because of the holiday shift for a number of the other reasons that we have suggested were going to start to lap some of our pruning activities in the second half as well as we expect to have a competitive advantage in terms of share of voice in the back half of the year as we continue to invest some of our media savings.
Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs: A follow up on cheese, can you just talk about the performance in the quarter with vol/mix still down 9.6% and with pricing moderating pretty substantially from the fourth quarter. Im wondering if you can just talk about that volume performance in the context of much more moderate pricing. If you look at the Scana data it just seems like the private labels continue to gain share in that category.
Irene Rosenfeld: As Tim mentioned, Q1 would be our last quarter of dislocation in terms of the adaptive pricing model that weve laid out. As the year progresses you will start to see vol/mix turn positive. Were making significant investment in our advantaged segments particularly cream cheese and singles. I believe that as the prices come down in response to costs, consumers will come back to the category and we will benefit from that as well. Net net we had a challenging comparison in the first quarter on the top line for our cheese business but you should see some progress as the year progresses.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: On product mix it seems as though thats becoming a big thing for the top line this year. I know that youre very focused on things like Macaroni & Cheese, Kool-Aid and Jell-O very high priced per pound, high margin products. It seems in some ways theyre too small to really move the needle. Could you talk a little bit about where this mix improvement is coming from and maybe some of the broader brush strokes that are helping you get this positive mix effect?
Irene Rosenfeld: The focus on mix as weve mentioned is a key part of our model going forward and particularly of our margin expansion. We are focused on those categories that have the greatest profit potential and that in aggregate can move the needle. I think youre starting to see that play through in our numbers. In North America our priority categories represent about 45% of our revenue. They grew in aggregate about 6% but about 44%, the balance of the North America portfolio grew at about the North America average.  In aggregate we are focused on a number of those categories some of which you mentioned that tend to have high margins but we are looking across the portfolio at those opportunities to invest in categories that have good margins as well as can move the needle. We saw solid share performance in our key brands in countries in Europe and that was a key contributor to the margin expansion that you saw this quarter in our European business and similarly in Developing Markets were seeing about a 17% growth in our priority brand and that is contributing to the strong performance there.  I feel very good that the focus that weve got on our priority brands, our core categories and our key markets is serving us well and thats contributing to the strong results that we delivered. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research
Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research: Im wondering whether you could talk a bit more about European trends. Youve still had negative organic net revenue trends in the quarter. Im wondering as you start to get a few more quarters under your belt of this newer category alignment when you expect that to turn positive on a year on year basis?
Irene Rosenfeld: I am confident that you will start to see it improve as the year progresses. Obviously our top line in Europe was more a matter of some difficult comparisons with year ago as well as the Easter shift. We have a very significant chocolate business as you know and that is impacted greatly by when Easter falls. We also had last year in our base a significant buy in against a lot of the price increases that we took as well as we continued to do pruning in that geography as we do elsewhere in the world. Our top line performance in the EU in this quarter is as much a function of some difficult comparisons as it was anything else. Having said that, we would like to see a better balance between top and bottom lines and Im confident you will see that as the year unfolds.
Eric Serotta  Consumer Edge Research: Along similar lines, Tim commented recently that across Europe things probably arent quite as bad as the headlines look. You do have particularly tough conditions in one country which we are left to infer was Germany. Would you say that since then the overall picture has started to or has continued to improve in Europe, the overall macro picture, or remain as challenging as people might have thought in the fourth quarter and early first quarter?
Tim McLevish: Europe remains a bit uncertain. There are different growth patterns in each of the countries. Germany does remain difficult. Theres some uncertainty. Weve shifted some of the old Central European into our CEMA region and theres particular pressure on there that you saw play through a little bit in the Developing Markets, offset by particular strength in some other regions. I would say Europe continues to be a bit difficult market overall.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer  UBS
David Palmer  UBS: As you think about 2009 I believe youre thinking volume trends will turn positive by the second half of the year and perhaps you can confirm this. Can we assume that the Cheese division will be the biggest source of that anticipated improvement versus the 1Q trend? Perhaps could you go through other divisions or even product platforms that youre expecting significant improvement from again 1Q trend?
Irene Rosenfeld: Cheese will be an important factor given the variables I talked about earlier as we start to lap the pricing of year ago. The reality is were going to see improvement across a whole host of our business in response to the initiative, the absence of the pruning impact year over year as well as the fact that as I mentioned were going to be reinvesting some of our media favorabilities which will help us to improve our share of voice. The vol/mix contribution to our second half results is going to be fairly broad based across the portfolio but because the EU and Cheese have been more significant drags in the first quarter by definition they will play a greater role in that change.
David Palmer  UBS: When you think about from a macro perspective your ability to control your destiny so to speak in some of the more indulgent categories like cookies versus some of the things that have a little bit more of a macro tailwind like Mac & Cheese or mass prep for the family type categories how do you think about how much you might be along for a ride so to speak with the economic environment in some of those more indulgent categories.
Irene Rosenfeld: Were feeling quite pleased with our category performance across the board and around the world. For the most part we are still seeing very solid category trends even in our most indulgent categories. Probably chocolate in Europe is the category that has seen the greatest impact and even there some of it comes from the away from home business as people travel less.  In general we are seeing very strong trends even in our more discretionary categories like cookies. Theres no question that were also benefiting from the value orientation of consumers and so businesses like Jell-O and Mac & Cheese and Kool-Aid are doing exceptionally well and we feel very good about that because they tend to carry higher margins as well.
David Palmer  UBS: Do you think that as you look back to 2008 the price shocks to the consumer in Cheese for instance is the one we think about was a large part of the problem in terms of the consumer take away from a volume perspective particularly for a branded platform? Are you baking into your thinking as you go through the year just quite simply as price to the consumer comes down the consumer will be tempted to trade back up to brands. How much are you sort of baking in your numbers from this reversal of price shock?
Irene Rosenfeld: It should have an impact on both category as well as share. I feel quite good about the programming on our Cheese business in the out quarters. I feel very good about the focus of the team on our advantage categories; cream cheese and singles and I think youll see that play through in both our category performance as well as in our market shares. It will be both.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: More specifically to the first quarter, at CAGNY you talked about a 5% volume drop. Was it, you obviously knew what was going on in the first two months of the quarter to kind of point to that, is the recover that youre talking about in terms of maybe things not being as bad was that really related just to March? As you kind of came into April did you continue to see pretty good results?
Tim McLevish: We actually only had about a month of visibility at the time we put the CAGNY presentation together. As weve pointed out, we anticipated that we are going to see a little bit more retailer de-stocking and we thought wed see more pressure. I dont think it is simply a March phenomenon, although March also came in better then we had anticipated.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: April as well?
Tim McLevish: We had a good sell in from the Easter so the preliminary indication is that were confident that we will turn the flip of the Easter being in the second quarter.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I was kind of surprised again talking specifically about the U.S. Beverages; I was kind of surprised at how strong the profitability was there. Id heard from some competitors that kind of complaining that youre basically giving away product, its been discounted so much. Can you talk a little bit about why the profitability there was so strong?
Tim McLevish: Im not exactly what competitors youre referring to that are complaining. I would say that we had, as you note, we had a very strong margin quarter in the quarter. Gains reflected particular strength in powdered beverage and also some operating improvements and lower overhead restructuring costs. We do expect as 2009 progresses well see a volume and mix expansion. I also point out that the second quarter will benefit from the Easter shift and the second half we have a number of new initiatives coming in, in all of the categories; powdered beverage and coffee particular.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: How do you feel about the ability of the industry if need be to take higher pricing should we have lets say unexpectedly high input costs? If mother nature doesnt help us out this summer, some people expect a weakness in the dollar given how much money were printing, if the dollar weakens and the emerging markets recover one would expect some of the same dynamic that occurred the last time to drive input costs higher. Do you think the industry is in a position vis--vis the retailer and the consumer, to actually take pricing up if necessary?
Irene Rosenfeld: The key to our ability to price has to do with the equities of our brands. I feel quite comfortable for Krafts portfolio that the investment that weve made over the last couple of years in brand equity and marketing and in innovation are serving us well so that we are in a much stronger position to protect our gross margins as costs may increase.  I also would tell you I think as our retailers continue to be in a number of these categories they too are experiencing these input costs first hand and I think the dialogue we would have with them is a much more informed dialogue then it might have been in the past. I think were well positioned to be able to address the cost environment as it evolves.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Ive heard from claims that Wal-Mart for example would ultimately like to go down to about a weeks worth of inventory. I dont think thats a short term issue but I think the last few years the industry existed with two to three weeks of inventory in the US. Have you heard that and do you think that that is something that the industry and your organization could work with?
Irene Rosenfeld: Were pretty close to that right now. I think were working well with Wal-Mart as well as with our other retailer partners. Everybody is focused on cash as are we. I think jointly weve got a number of initiatives in place to shorten our supply chain and to ensure that we can meet customer service levels. At the end of the day though as our customers choose to lower inventories theyre going to be disproportionately focused on the leading brands and I believe in that environment we are well positioned to win.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane  Bank of America
Bryan Spillane  Bank of America: Did you give a volume figure ex. mix for the quarter?
Tim McLevish: We didnt separate it out I dont think. Volume was down about 2% in the quarter. Again, we want to focus the emphasis on vol/mix because as I pointed out earlier there are inherent trade offs between those two. That really is one that you should focus on but in fact our volume was down about 2%.
Bryan Spillane  Bank of America: For clarification, if I remember it right on the fourth quarter earnings call your expectation was that volume alone would be down 5% so the volume performance was in and of itself was better then what you were expecting, is that correct?
Tim McLevish: Thats absolutely correct. The 5% relates to the 2%.
Bryan Spillane  Bank of America: Just touching back on the market share if I remember this right on the fourth quarter earnings call you talked about even though there were still large number of product categories where you werent gaining or holding share that the magnitude of the share losses in a lot of those instances was relatively small. If you could talk a bit about in those categories where youre not holding or gaining share are the magnitude of the share losses getting worse, are they staying the same? Also, where the share is going, is it a private label share shift or is it going to other brands?
Irene Rosenfeld: Obviously it varies a little bit by category. Id say the magnitude is about the same and again weve got a number of categories just as we shared with you at CAGNY where our performance continues to be quite strong and its just that the category is growing even faster. As I said, I am quite confident that given the programming that weve got in place, given the fact that well be lapping some of the larger product line discontinuations that we would have had a year ago, together with the fact that we expect our share of voice to be increasing over the course of the year I feel quite confident that you will see share improvement. I also was trying to jump in earlier to just say to you the minus 2% volume decline that Tim referred to is the raw number and in fact our volume was closer to flat ex. Easter and the pruning. We do feel quite good about our overall vol/mix performance in the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: You used to give the mix as a separate items and I hear you that you want to focus us on volume and mix. From my seat I would say that the clarity was a lot better when mix was a separate item within your disclosure. Its not helpful to have rolled it into volume. Was marketing spending up or down in the first quarter? What do you expect it to be for the year? Whats the impact of the Wal-Mart Great Value re-launch; specifically were seeing a lot of activity within their pizza business. Can you make comments on those items please?
Tim McLevish: A&C spend was about flat with last year but within that theres a number of moving parts. Clearly FX was a component. If you adjust FX out of it, its was a little bit higher then last year. Also as you know, ad cost was down therefore we increased the share of voice even though we held overall A&C about flat.
Irene Rosenfeld: With respect to the Wal-Mart initiative theres no question that they are increasing their push behind their private label. We dont expect that that will significantly impact the leading brands. Once again, I feel quite good that we are well positioned given the investments that we have made in our brand equities and in our innovation pipeline we are well positioned to be able to win even as they increase their focus behind their brand.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: On that Wal-Mart re-launch some categories that Wal-Mart was launching in were actually the first time that theyd ever had a Great Value product in there. Do you know how many categories that you compete in that actually have a new Great Value product that did not previously exist?
Irene Rosenfeld: Im reasonably certain there are none but we can follow up on that. Most of the categories that we are in have not changed their relative position. We can get back to you on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens  JP Morgan
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: On the market share I think when we talked about fourth quarter the market share was down of course. I think you said the bulk of that was due to Velveeta, Mac & Cheese, cold cuts and pizza. Was it the same dynamic this time or did we see changes in those four big lines?
Irene Rosenfeld: Some of those changed their position relatively. The most significant impact that we have in the first quarter is on a number of our cheese items and some of our Easter sensitive businesses like Cool Whip for example where as the holiday shifts to the second quarter were going to see a stronger share performance in the second quarter then we saw in the first. There is some shift relative to what we saw in the fourth quarter but overall I feel quite good about the trends and as I mentioned our Easter sell through has been quite good and we feel quite confident about the forecast on the balance of the year.
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: With regard to your new cheese pricing policy this adaptive pricing I assume that is meant to more closely match the market price of cheese with your retail prices right?
Irene Rosenfeld: Thats correct. The market has been so volatile and driven by so many factors that our outside of our control and were somewhat less capable forecasting them we decided to get out of the forecasting business and ensure that our pricing is more closely aligned with our cost profile.
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: That seems to make sense to me but heres my question on this. I understand why that would drive a focus on getting the absolute operating dollars up but typically as you kind of edge a little bit closer not totally to a pass through mechanism but closer to that then you have been. Typically what you see is margins going up when the raw material goes down but as I look at your margins they went down pretty significantly from Q4 to Q1. Is that just a Q1 specific issue or should we look, I guess Im trying to get a better bead on the implication of that pricing policy for the margins in cheese, if I could get some help on that.
Irene Rosenfeld: The sequential performance youre alluding to is really more about seasonality. You look at the relative performance in the fourth quarter year over year and then you look at our cheese margin performance in the first quarter we were up over 600 basis points. We feel quite good about that performance. The sequential issue is a lot more driven by the holiday then about anything else.  I feel very good that this adaptive pricing model that weve put in place will serve us well. As Tim mentioned, as we hit the second quarter and beyond well be much more in a like for like comparison and it will be much easier to interpret the results.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: If volume was expected to be down 5% and then came in down 2% or flat ex. Easter, at the time you thought volume was going to be down 5% what did you think was going to happen to mix?
Tim McLevish: We thought mix would be a positive in that. There was an inherent trade off; again thats why we go to a volume/mix metric. We benefited by the improvements overall of the vol/mix environment that drove some of the improved profit that we reflected.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Can you help us understand during the time between expecting 5% volume dip and mix to be up and then what wound up happening what was happening in the channel so to speak and what actions did you take to reverse that course and to wind up where you were?
Tim McLevish: We continued to invest in marketing. We had good programming and improved our overall position. We talked a little bit about retailers de-stocking wasnt as much as we had anticipated. I think overall the volume and mix combined was better than we anticipated. A lot of it by some of the actions we took with some help from the market.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: There was no specific consumer behavior or anything. I would assume that less de-loading wouldnt impact mix right? Or did they just not de-loadnever mind I think I got it. What are market share goals going to be in the new environment? You used to talk about getting to a 65% number of gaining share against revenue. Where do you want to see 2009 end up in order to declare victory on this issue?
Irene Rosenfeld: Were never going to declare victory on this metric. The facts are we essentially start at zero each quarter. Were looking at percent of our revenue that is growing or holding share, I think its a very rigorous metric and I think its the right metric. I would say in the current volatile environment there has been some dislocation which makes it more challenging to get to that number faster but I expect that on a reliable basis over half of our revenue will be growing or holding share. I am quite confident that you will see progress as this year unfolds given the programming that weve talked about.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Theres no internal goal.
Irene Rosenfeld: We have goals certainly for each of our businesses. Externally the goal that were sharing is the one that Ive given to you.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: The pruning that youre doing theoretically my guess would be that would help your market share trends because I would imagine your pruning products where youre losing share or is that not the case?
Irene Rosenfeld: No, our focus in the pruning activities has been on profitability. Ive come back to the issue we were just talking about with respect to mix. We are taking a number of actions to proactively manage our mix which is why we are so confident as we look at the future that we will continue to make progress in expanding our margins.  As Tim mentioned the collective businesses that we pruned in this quarter lost about $12 million year ago. We are looking to improve our mix by simply taking out some of the items that have less attractive margins. In the short term though it does have somewhat of a hit to volume which is why we are focusing on vol/mix as the more relevant metric.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: It would be nicer to see mix separated out.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: I think last quarter you talked about inflation or input cost inflation for 09 potentially being around $200 million. I think on one of the slides it said in the first quarter it was up $150 million. Have you changed the overall inflation estimate for the year or are we just going to start to see much less inflation going forward and a potential deflation in the back half of the year.
Tim McLevish: Actually the number that we talked about $200 million on the fourth quarter call was actually just specifically on commodities. We do anticipate that the overall inflation will be a bit higher then that. We do expect that it will subside a bit as we get through the year. The $150 million that we reflected in this quarter is more representative of the quarterly average.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: Of what you expect to see quarterly going forward?
Tim McLevish: I would expect going forward we see somewhere in that range and it will subside a little bit as the year progresses. Thats probably a good number for a quarterly application.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: Those perhaps expecting something really dramatic with respect to a moderation in the back half of the year because we dont have as much access to where youre hedged and how youre other costs are coming through but dont necessarily expect something really dramatically lower in the back half?
Tim McLevish: No. Our hedged positions are pretty typical of where we would be. Theres not a dramatic lengthening or shortening of our hedged positions at this point.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: On the top line I think vol/mix down 3.4% with volume down 2%, I just want to make sure I understand this Im sorry if I missed this before. Mix down 1.4% is that, obviously youre generating a lot of SKUs that in theory would help mix, or was that something more across geographies or across categories versus intra-category.
Tim McLevish: I would say its across the board and youre right, some of the product pruningtheres a difference between the mix at the revenue line and the mix at the profit line. What Irene alluded to before as we take out the losing product lines thats helping bottom line mix but the top line is down about 1.5%.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: As you think about how the year will likely flow, we know that pricing as you start to lap some of your pricing actions and what have you, that becomes a much less significant driver. The leverage on that obviously in the P&L is pretty significant. The confidence around the volume and mix piece as youve talked about today needs to come through as we go through the year.  Do you worry a little bit about the transition time, I mean more like second quarter, given the dramatic reduction that well see in pricing until sort of volume momentum gets going? What Im getting at is it more of a back end loaded year from an EPS perspective because youve got to see volume and share come back even though you start to lose pricing as you go through the second quarter?
Tim McLevish: We always see a stronger fourth quarter. Thats a typical seasonal pattern. I would say were going to see improvements in both vol/mix in the second quarter as we benefit from the Easter mix. Again, a lot of our programming will kick in, in the second half. Weve got new products coming to market and were confident that well see progressive improvement over the course of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Ramey  D.A. Davidson
Tim Ramey  D.A. Davidson: I really agree with the other couple comments on volume. Id love to see that number alone if you have to put mix in with something put it in with price. Wed like to know how many tons go out the door. On the advertising and merchandising spending we understand youre probably getting rate relief and youre getting currency benefits. If you think about it in terms of real impressions or share of mind whats your goal for that this year?
Irene Rosenfeld: We havent announced a specific goal because the costing of the media is going down and were looking at reinvesting most of that. We do expect that we will see a higher share of voice as the year progresses and its one of the reasons that were so confident in our outlook for the balance of the year. Although we have set a long term target of 8% to 9% of revenue based on share of voice under normal circumstances the combination of lower media costs and currency impact makes it harder to peg a percent of revenue as our target. I am quite confident that our share of voice will increase as the year progresses.
Tim Ramey  D.A. Davidson: On the balance sheet will you continue to use the majority of your cash flow for debt reduction or will there be some share repurchase in the mix this year?
Tim McLevish: In the current environment obviously you know that share repurchase is a Board decision. We want to make sure that were optimizing total shareholder return. In the current environment when we see improvements in the environment well revisit that but in the current environment with the financial crisis still affecting us I think its prudent to preserve our cash.
Tim Ramey  D.A. Davidson: On Oscar Mayer could you give us any color on how the process meat business worked for you in the quarter, was that also a benefit of people trading down to more basic foods?
Irene Rosenfeld: We had a very strong quarter on Oscar Mayer. A number of our new items like Deli Creation, our re-launch of Lunchables is going quite well. Oscar was an important contributor to our strong performance in convenient meals and we feel quite good about the outlook there as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Regarding your EPS guidance for the year, I assume this is the case, I just wanted to ask. If theres improving current levels would that lead to higher earnings or is there any changed view on your need or ability to reinvest back in the business.
Tim McLevish: When we started the year we indicated that currency at that point, at those levels, were about a $0.16 worth of headwind to the year on year performance. As the dollar has strengthen a little bit from there we actually have seen some additional pressure on that. We anticipate that were going to make that up through operational improvements and therefore were maintaining our guidance. We would have to see a pretty significant change to currencies before that would results in a change to our guidance.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Relative to your charges or the one time items youll be bringing through the earnings there was none this quarter correct? You still are looking for roughly $200 million for the year?
Tim McLevish: Yes, the full year number is we expect about $200 million. There actually were some in the quarter it was about $25 million this quarter. Again, its embedded within the operation number. If youll recall the $0.06 year on year improvement reflected some of that $25 million spend.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Youre doing this SKU rationalization across the business, are there divisions where we should already be seeing the margin benefit from that activity or is this something that happens, as you had suggested maybe the second half of 09 when you start lapping all that SKU rationalization activity.
Tim McLevish: Obviously its going to depend on when we phase it in. Some of that activity was affected each of the quarters last year. We see some of the margin improvement each quarter and that will progress over the course of the year.
Chris Jakubik: Its not SKU rationalization its actually taking our entire product line. Youre seeing it come through in some of the divisions specifically such as Grocery where we had a Handi-Snacks were doing it in Europe and a number of places particularly some local categories. Then in U.S. Foodservice came through with a meaningful number. I can call you afterwards and go through the different areas. Its not simple act of SKU rationalization which we do on an ongoing basis.
Tim McLevish: We do, do the SKU rationalization on an ongoing basis, thats not reflected in any of the information that we provide you. Thats a normal course of doing business. These are big significant ones where its almost a trade off between whether we would sell a business or whether we just discontinue the product line. Theyre material numbers in each discrete segment and not a normal ongoing SKU rationalization.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Whats happening now its in the numbers and I guess it will continue, theres more activity is that fair to say?
Tim McLevish: There is some more activity although probably the heavy lifting is behind us. Again, we should see improvement. Thats one element as we lap some of that activity as we progress through the year well see better volume and well see the playing through of the margin improvement.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: In terms of your confidence in 2009 how much is it related to the below the line numbers such as like the mark to market, that came in a little bit stronger then we expected or is it really above the line. Your operating profits came almost identical to what we expected and it was all below the line so I dont know if you guys are seeing the same thing were seeing or how do you determine between your confidence level above and below.
Irene Rosenfeld: The key driver of our guidance confidence is our strong operating performance and that is what gives us great confidence that we will deliver the $1.88 that we have laid out there. We did have some below the line favorability but some of that will reverse some of the mark to market will reverse as the year progresses. Our confidence in the year and the confidence in our outlook is based entirely on our operating momentum.
Operator: Your last question comes from Jon Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott
Jon Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott: On wall to wall and more broadly about the sales execution initiatives youve put in place, it occurred to me earlier that operating in a lower inventory world would put a higher premium on sales execution and particularly the scale that Kraft enjoys there. If you could comment on that but specifically to Q1 results here where did we see if anywhere the impact of improved sales execution as has been a focus of your and where can we expect that to see you through the course of the year, in what segments and what ways?
Irene Rosenfeld: We remain convinced that wall to wall is a source of sustainable competitive advantage and we continue to make investments to ensure that we continue to improve that capability. The most significant metric that you would have seen in the first quarter, by the way, youll see more of it in the second quarter as you start to see Easter merchandising play through.  The most significant metric youd see in the first quarter is that we had fairly strong volume performance in North America. In fact, our volume in North America was up about 2%, would have been essentially up 2% ex. pruning and Easter. It was essentially flat on a reported basis and I feel very good about that given the importance of Easter to a number of our businesses in North America.  Wall to wall is a clear source of competitive advantage. We do believe that it in the current environment it will be an increasingly important capability and we certainly are hearing as we talk to our retail partners that they place great value in that capability and its one of the reasons that we are a preferred partner for so much of their programming.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions. I would like to turn the floor back to management for closing remarks.
Chris Jakubik: Thanks everybody for tuning into the call today. For those in the media who have further questions Mike Mitchell will be available all day. For any analysts who have follow up questions myself and Dexter Convoy will be around all day. Thanks very much.
Operator: This concludes todays Kraft Foods First Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-04 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Jakubik - Vice President Investor Relations Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO Tim McLevish - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Terry Bivens  JP Morgan Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets David Palmer  UBS David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Jonathan Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital Ann Gurkin  Davenport Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse Bryan Spillane  Banc of America Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to Kraft Foods Fourth Quarter 2008 and Year End Earnings Conference Call. Id now like to turn the call over to Mr. Chris Jakubik, Vice President Investor Relations for Kraft.
Chris Jakubik: I'm Chris Jakubik, Vice President of Investor Relations. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO, and Tim McLevish, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release was sent our earlier today and is available on our web site, Kraft.com. Also available on our web site are slides that we will refer to during our prepared remarks. As you know, during this call we may make forward looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today so they contain an element of uncertainty.  Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the company's 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more detailed explanation of the inherent limitations in such forward looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks will exclude those items affecting comparability. These excluded items are captured in the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our news release, and they are also available on our web site.  Irene will lead things off today with her perspective on our 2008 results and 2009 outlook. Then Tim will highlight our financials and review the results for each of our business segments. After that well take your questions. With that, I'll hand it off to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Im very pleased to report that Kraft Foods delivered its earnings guidance for the second year in a row. We did it in the face of a very challenging and highly volatile operating environment. Looking at the past two years weve made steady progress toward our ultimate goal of sustainable growth. Im very pleased with our success in accelerating top line growth, to the investments weve made in product quality in marketing and in innovation. I feel particularly good about our performance in 2008 in sustaining our top line momentum while growing our bottom line. As you know, in 2007 we focused on Wave I investments on the categories that mattered most. We saw the impact in the marketplace as we stepped up our top line growth in all regions around the world. In 2008 we made further progress in our turn around. We completed most of the heavy lifting on brand reinvention with our Wave 2 investments. We began to reallocate our resources to priority categories, core brands and key markets and to exploit our sales capabilities to leverage the power of our portfolio. Importantly, our investments since 2007 have rebuilt our brand equities to the point where we now have renewed pricing power. For the first time in several years pricing and productivity fully covered increased in input costs. Even more important our actions have gotten the fly wheel turning, enabling us to grow both the top and the bottom lines while simultaneously investing in our future. I remain confident that we can sustain this performance. Having said that, given this highly volatile environment the fourth quarter had a number of puts and takes. We have managed through them and I think we have positioned ourselves well for further improvement. In fact, as we complete our turn around in 2009 we will emerge an even stronger competitor. For several reasons I believe weve only begun to realize our potential. For instance, slide five is the recent history of our revenue growth. It shows that weve progressively improved our growth rates year over year. It also shows that in 2008 we were able to respond to an unprecedented environment in an unprecedented way. As the market leader in over 80% of our portfolio we took the lead on pricing. We priced aggressively to reflect higher input costs in all regions around the world. As you can see pricing contributed 7.6 percentage points of growth to our top line. We priced aggressively because it was the right thing to do to address rapidly rising input costs and to preserve our ability to invest in our brands. We also continued to actively prune less profitable products and less productive trade programs to stage the portfolio for sustainable growth. As expected, these actions adversely affected our 2008 volume performance. The peak impact was clearly felt in Q4, mainly due to the cumulative effect of pricing actions taken during the year. The fourth quarter also saw a significant hit from our trade efficiency programs. This was especially evident in Cheese, Snacks and EU coffee. This, together with retailer inventory reductions in North America and declining consumer sentiment worldwide, significantly affected Q4 volumes. Looking ahead, our pruning program has strengthened our portfolio. We have improved the ROI of our trade programs. The pricing weve taken leaves us well positioned to cover higher costs in 2009. Were now taking appropriate pricing actions much more quickly, enabling us to better manage changes in input costs both up and down. It is particularly important in categories like cheese, where were now pricing closer to the market and you can see it playing through in our margins. Overall Im quite comfortable that our pricing at current levels and our strengthened brand equities leave us well positioned to deliver our goals in 2009, which brings me to our market share and slide six. Despite fits and starts during the year were making solid progress in key markets around the world. This chart shows our US market share performance. As you can see on the right, weve made steady improvements on a rolling 52 week basis.  As I mentioned, we were at peak pricing in Q4. We priced quickly and aggressively in late Q3 and early Q4 in response to the rapid rise in input costs. Combined with the spike in unemployment and rapid deterioration of consumer sentiment its not surprising that branded consumption was down and private label picked up share. I dont mean to minimize these results, we take market share very seriously as a key indicator of our long term franchise health, but I feel quite confident about our ability to compete in the marketplace going forward. Our price gaps are in very good shape with some relatively minor exceptions. Our 2009 advertising and merchandising plans will continue to emphasize the value proposition of our brands. We have significant cost savings at our backs to reinvest in brand building. Our growth is now sufficiently broad based to enable us to make the necessary portfolio trade offs to deliver our earnings commitments. That brings me to the outlook for the year. In 2009 I expect to complete our turn around marked by continued top line growth while building both profit margins and market share. More specifically, we will continue to manage input costs through a combination of pricing and productivity. Margins will expand from improving volume and product mix trends together with overhead leverage.  We will also realize significantly more synergies from our LU biscuit acquisition. Finally, market share will improve as we lap our pricing actions and benefit from continued investments in our brands and sales capabilities. Well talk more about the details of our 2009 plans in two weeks at the Cagny Conference. With that you will hear the actions we are taking will enable us to emerge from our turn around an even strong competitor capable of delivering sustainable growth. Let me now speak to our 2009 guidance. In terms of organic revenue guidance we expect volume mix to improve as the year progresses. The contribution from pricing, however, will be less than previously anticipated due to the recent precipitous decline in dairy costs. As a result, weve adjusted our 2009 organic revenue guidance to approximately 3% growth from at least 4%. Regarding EPS if you recall at back to school we set an expectation that we would deliver $2.00 GAAP EPS in 2009 and from an operating perspective were still on that path. However, as slide eight shows since that time weve faced a number of sizeable headwinds. Currency and pension are the most significant and the changes that are the least under our control in the short term. Taken together they represent a year over year hit to earnings of about $0.24. We continue to find ways to mitigate these impacts and to backstop our plan. In fact, versus our original guidance we found additional opportunities to cover half the impact of these new headwinds. As other US based multi-nationals are also finding, at current levels the impact of the strong dollar is too much to overcome. As a result, we believe that 2009 GAAP EPS guidance of $1.88 is the most appropriate stance at this time. Of course, if the US dollar weakens we expect that our earnings outlook will improve commensurately. In sum, despite those significant headwinds I believe the investments weve made over the past two years and our plans for 2009 will enable Kraft to emerge from this environment an even stronger company. Obviously the world has changed greatly since we embarked on our plan to get Kraft Foods growing again. Through it all Im very pleased with the results of our turn around to date. I feel even more confident about our ability to deliver sustainable growth in the future. Now Ill turn the call over to Tim.
Tim McLevish: Please keep in mind that unless otherwise noted my comments will exclude the items affecting comparability that were highlighted in our press release. Ill begin my comments with slide 11 on our top line growth. As you can see, organic growth in Q4 was 4.4%. This came on the back of nearly 10 points of pricing. That is simply unprecedented in the modern history of Kraft Foods. It reflects the cumulative effect of the numerous cost driven price increases we took this year in virtually every category and every market around the world.  It was the key reason that for the first in several years we fully offset higher input costs through a combination of pricing and productivity. At the same time volume in the quarter was down about five points versus the prior year. As Irene mentioned this was not simply a function of price elasticity. More than half of our Q4 volume decline was due to a combination of inventory reductions by US retailers and our own decision to sacrifice less profitable volume through both pruning and trade spend efficiency programs. As we look forward to 2009 we expect our top line growth to be a better balance between pricing and volume mix. In 2009 we expect pricing to moderate as the year progresses mainly driven by the precipitous decline in dairy costs. As a result, organic revenue growth will be about 3% in 2009. Overall, however, were well positioned for pricing and productivity to again cover the higher input costs we expect in 2009. At the same time, we expect the contribution from volume and mix to improve progressively over the coming quarters. There are three reasons; first, we expect to gain further momentum in the marketplace from investments in quality, marketing and innovation that weve already made and will continue to make in 2009. Second, retailer inventory reductions are likely to continue in Q1. Third, due to the timing of Easter in 2009 shipments for this important holiday will shift to the second quarter. This will benefit Q2 volume but negatively impact Q1. Turning to slide 13 and the drivers of Q4 and 2008 earnings per share. Above the line we delivered strong gains from operations in the quarter but it was matched by unfavorable currency and unrealized mark to market losses related to our commodity hedging activities. As you can see in the chart our operating gains in the fourth quarter were a significant part of the full year. Thats consistent with the guidance we provided in January. This reflects the benefits of pricing and productivity catching up to the increases in our input costs. Below the line was also essentially a push. The benefits of a lower tax rate and fewer shares outstanding were offset by higher interest expense and a dilution from the exit of Post. In the end, we delivered our full year guidance of $1.88 on an ex-items basis. Before getting into our segment discussion Id like to spend a few minutes on 2009 guidance and how it relates to our 2008 EPS excluding items. First, we remain committed to treating the future costs of restructuring type initiatives as an ordinary cost of doing business and eliminating ex-items reporting. This underscores our move to a more consistent ongoing cost reduction program to fund investments in the business as well as our desire to be more transparent with our investors. Its also a key indicator of the underlying health of our portfolio and our ability to deliver earnings growth in a more predictable fashion. Second, and just as important, we foresee strong income growth from our base business in 2009. We expect to offset more than $0.40 of headwinds versus our 2008 ex-items earnings. We will offset these negative impacts in a high quality way. We have a robust stream of cost savings ahead of us. So you can expect higher margins in 2009 driven by improving volume trends, product mix and further overhead leverage. As Irene mentioned, if the US dollar reverses course our earnings outlook will improve. Ill take a few minutes now to share some highlights of our business segment results. Ill start with North America where our 2008 results were the best combination of top and bottom line growth since 2001. Nearly 5% organic revenue growth was the best we delivered in four years and 7% organic income growth was the best in six years. Q4 results were clearly impacted by the combination of retailer inventory reductions, the pruning of lower margin products and eliminating inefficient trade spending. These had the biggest effect on Beverages, Grocery, Snacks, and Foodservice. Nonetheless we delivered solid income growth in a challenging volatile environment. Our investments have improved our brand equities across the business and our results are now reflecting the benefits of our broad portfolio. Now lets take a look at individual segments. In US Beverages our investments in quality, marketing and innovation behind Capri Sun, Maxwell House and Tassimo have continued to pay off. However, lower powdered beverage results negatively impacted revenue and operating income for the segment. This was due to a combination of comparisons with a very strong prior year and retailer inventory reductions this year. The combination of lower powdered beverage revenue, the corresponding negative mix and higher marketing costs led to a significant drop in Q4 profit margin versus the prior year. As we look at our 2009 plan in Beverages we expect better powdered beverage revenue growth and further improvements in coffee margins to drive consistent year on year margin improvement as the year progresses. In US Cheese revenue growth reflected double digit price increases partly offset by a decline in volume. Three factors drove this decline; first, through the end of Q4 list prices remained near historical highs across most cheese categories, negatively impacting consumption. Second, we took the lead on pricing to the cost curve on the way up and competition was slow to follow, expanding our price gaps. Third, we made a conscious decision not to chase unprofitable promoted volume during the holiday season particularly in the natural cheese business. As a result of the last two actions we lost some share in Q4. On the other hand we were successful in better aligning our pricing with input costs not just in Q4 but all year. Our pricing and trade efficiency efforts contributed to a strong rebound in product margins from 2007 levels. Looking forward we remain confident that the results of our Cheese business will be more consistent. Heres why. First, we expect that our new pricing paradigm will better maintain optimal price gaps, improve vol mix and deliver more stable margins in the mid to high teens. As barrel cheese costs have dropped to near government support levels we have lowered our prices accordingly. We will maintain our price gaps versus competition within our targeted ranges while still delivering solid margins. Second, our marketing around the value proposition of Kraft Singles and Velveeta is lifting consumption of two of our highest margin cheese businesses. Third, innovations such as Bagel-fuls will continue to deliver incremental growth. Moving on to US Convenient Meals, as we outlined in last quarters call we expected Q4 results to reflect pricing catching up with higher input costs and it did, driving double digit growth in both organic revenue and operating income. Our investments in quality and innovation continued to pay off. Our new line of single serve pizza offerings under the For One banner added to the already strong base growth of our DiGiorno, CPK and Jacks brands.  Deli Creations sandwiches also grew double digit in Q4 driven by the new flatbreads line. Oscar Mayer bacon posted double digit growth in both volume and revenue on the back of quality improvements and new marketing programs. Overall volume was down slightly in the quarter due to a combination of pruning our South Beach Living frozen entrees business and higher prices particularly in cold cuts. Both of these actions were on strategy and were strong contributors to the improved profitability of the Convenient Meals segment. As we move forward, the success of our key growth platforms and new products will lead to further organic growth and margin expansion in 2009. On to US Grocery which had a mixed Q4. Jell-O and Mac n Cheese continued to deliver solid top and bottom line growth behind strong value oriented marketing. However, these gains were offset by lower volumes, unfavorable mix and lower profits due to pruning our Handi-Snacks ready to eat dessert business and price elasticitys and retailer inventory reductions particularly in spoonable and pourable dressings. These near term factors aside we remain encouraged by the changes in the long standing trends were seeing as a result of our investments in our high margin Grocery portfolio. Looking at US Snacks, it was truly a tail of two cities at the category level. Biscuits delivered its best annual growth since 2001. Our focus on our largest brands is paying off. This is particularly evident in the fourth quarter. Oreo grew by more than 20% and the Cakesters platform approached the $100 million mark. As a result Biscuits delivered solid profit growth. The gains in Biscuits were more than offset by two things, lower volumes in snack nuts due to expanded price gaps and a decline in snack bars. Looking forward we expect impulse categories like Snacks will see continued pressure from consumer weakness. However, as we fix snack, nuts and bars and continue to invest in Biscuits we are confident that we can improve our vol mix and margins in our Snacks business in 2009. We announced a price reduction in January to address our price gaps in nuts and well continue to invest in quality, marketing and innovation across our entire line of Snacks offerings. Turning to Canada and North America Foodservice, we had another strong quarter in Canada driven by pricing, strong volume and share growth. Having reestablished Canada as a stand alone business an increased investment in marketing and innovation across the portfolio served us well in 2008. We expect to see further operating gains in 2009 as we continue to leverage our scale in this important market. I would note that reported Q4 operating income in Canada was adversely impacted by currency. In Foodservice the effect of exiting a low margin unbranded supply contract and the significant slow down in restaurant traffic led to lower volume and revenue in the quarter. However, our focus on higher margin, higher growth opportunities, improve the profitability of our Foodservice business despite the negative macro trends in 2008. Overall, it was a terrific year for our Canada and North America Foodservice segment. Looking forward, currency and volumes will continue to be a challenge in the near term. Given the base business gains from marketing and innovation we expect our competitive standing to continue to improve. Now Ill turn to our International businesses. We continued to see the benefits of our 5-10-10 strategy focused on priority categories, core brands and key markets. In the EU the balance of growth firmly shifted to pricing with more than six points of cost driving pricing in Q4. In fact, 2008 was the first year in a long time in which our EU business essentially offset higher input costs through a combination of pricing and productivity. Growth in our focus areas remains solid. In Chocolate we continued to deliver solid growth from our investments in marketing and innovation particularly behind our billion dollar Milka brand. Investments in our high margin Philadelphia spreads helped to offset price related declines in base cheese consumption. In coffee, gains were mainly driven by the continued growth of Tassimo on demand coffees and the successful re-launch of Kenco in the UK. At the profit line EU operating margins improved in Q4 over last year as they had for much of the year. The LU biscuit business added substantially to operating results in 2008. Even excluding the acquisition our EU operating profit was up in 2008. Higher input costs were more than offset by higher pricing and favorable product mix. In 2009 we anticipate greater costs synergy as we continue to integration of the businesses and we expect further financial improvement in the EU. In Developing Markets we saw continued strength with organic growth of 15% driven by solid mix gains and almost 17 points of cost driven pricing. Volume was down in the quarter due to a decline in Asia. This is caused by a combination of our pruning activities and lower consumption resulting from the melamine scare. Beyond these factors our focus on and investments in priority categories, core brands, and key markets continues to pay off. Operating profit growth was excellent, almost 30% with particularly strong results in EEMA and Asia/Pacific. Looking forward, we expect to see the reported results of our Developing Market business pressured by slower GDP growth and currency. We will continue to invest to improve our competitive position and have factored this into our plans. Ill conclude on another focused area for us, cash flow. In addition to improving our earnings base last year we also made good progress in managing the other elements of our cash flow. We delivered solid working capital improvements; we posted a 3-day reduction in our cash conversion cycle, most important inventory was the main contributor. We held our 2008 CapEx to $1.4 billion or 3.2% of net revenues while still supporting our growth. Thats down from roughly 3.4% of net revenues last year. Slide 25 shows that we generated about $2.8 billion of discretionary cash flow in 2008. Included in this result is a benefit of approximately $300 million from a non-recurring deferred interest payment. Even adjusting for this, we improved considerably from last years level of $2.3 billion. With that Ill hand it back to Irene for some closing comments.
Irene Rosenfeld: To sum it up, we had a strong 2008 and were well positioned in 2009. Weve continued to build momentum despite a challenging and volatile environment. Our investments in the business are paying off and stronger top and bottom line growth around the globe. Obviously though its a new world, but in this new world I am confident that our fundamental strengths and strategies will enable us to successfully complete our turn around in 2009 and continue to deliver strong earnings and cash flow. Now wed be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Terry Bivens  JP Morgan
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: Just to look a little bit at the alternate channel business specifically Im interested in Wal-Mart, I know you cant talk about it per se but it seems like through most of 2008 you were able to offset what looked like worse volume performances in Nielsen with outsize gains in volume at Wal-Mart. As we look at the Wal-Mart panel data through the end of December basically youre fourth quarter it seems as though that trend is still continuing that lets say sales in alt channels continue to be pretty robust.  Is this inventory reduction, is that coming in the alternate channel, even though consumption was good you may have slowed down your shipments? Im trying to get to whether inventories lets say in the alternate channel are quite low as we head into the year. Do you see what Im getting at?
Irene Rosenfeld: As you know, traditional channels are increasingly less representative of our market and I think youre seeing that in the numbers. They continue to decline relative to the non-measured channels and we continue to have very strong performance in a number of these alternate channels including Wal-Mart. I feel very good about the fact that the combination of increased customer traffic, that customers like Wal-Mart are seeing the current value oriented environment is serving us well. It is helping to drive revenue and profit for both of us. Without a doubt we saw inventory reduction in those channels as much as we saw it in traditional channels. We expect that we will continue to see some of that into the first quarter but as I said before I think were well positioned given the investments that weve made in our brand equities and our fundamental products. I feel very good that were well positioned to compete in that environment.
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: Foreign exchange looked kind of bleak at the end of the third quarter as well and certainly the market was not performing. What would you say has been the major delta that causes you to lower guidance as we go into 09? What really changed between the time you reported this quarter and Q3?
Irene Rosenfeld: As we mentioned theres really two major factors both of which are somewhat out of our control. One is currency as you said, the other is pension costs. Were seeing a reduction in the discount rate as well as the return on our assets. The combination of those two factors has caused us to lower our guidance. As we said, our business performance is actually very much on track and in fact well be stronger then we had originally forecast.  Currency is the main issue particularly in developing markets like Brazil and Russia. As I said in my remarks if the currency improves we would expect to see our EPS improve correspondingly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs
Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs: Im wondering if you can give us a little bit more perspective on this volume and pricing trade off. As we look out 2009 as pricing moderates I guess youre assuming volume trends to improve. Im wondering your confidence level in expecting that outlook especially with weak consumers around the world and potentially more threats from private labels.
Irene Rosenfeld: Overall I feel very good that our price gaps are in good shape. Weve recently announced a couple of actions like the actions we just took in nuts to get our gaps back into line. I think net net the gaps are in a good shape. I think the focus that weve placed on brand equity investment were certainly benefiting us. Were able to adjust our price levels much more quickly then we used to so I feel quite confident that were well positioned to be able to address changes in pricing up or down very rapidly.
Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs: You talked about in 2009 pricing and productivity offsetting the input cost inflation. If you could talk a little bit more about the input cost inflation out look. I think you mentioned in Q3 call that youre expecting the commodity component of the cost to be flattish in 2009. Im wondering where the pressure is in terms of the input cost inflation.
Tim McLevish: In 2008 you saw progressive increases in some of our commodity input costs over the course of the year. That peaked early in the fourth quarter and have come off since that time. Were seeing declines in many of the commodities. However, if you look at the average 2008 prices compared with what we expect in 2009 or even from current levels we do expect to see average year on year increases of probably somewhere in the $200 million range. As Irene mentioned we think our brand equities are strong so that we can offset that in our pricing. Weve reflected that in our guidance.
Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs: Can you clarify in 2008 what that number was? I think you had mentioned $2 billion was what you were expecting before.
Tim McLevish: Its about $2 billion, we had some hedging losses as you know at year end but its about $2 billion is the impact in 2008.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: On slide six you were talking about the market share gains, you kind of give the idea that youre feeling confident about the market share gains. Looking at that slide and also the data that we have it does look like your market share gains are sliding relative to where you would have been last couple quarters. Can you talk about why you are feeling a little bit more confident about regaining market share and also can you talk about some of the initially focused category brands like Oscar Mayer, DiGiorno, Cheese, Jell-O, all those categories are those focused brands not doing as well as you thought? Can you lay out a little picture for us?
Irene Rosenfeld: As you know, we priced very aggressively to cover the unprecedented cost increases. At the same time, certainly as we look into the fourth quarter, consumers began to pull back a little bit in response to the economic environment. That probably was the single biggest impact on our share performance. We also took some actions ourselves to stage the portfolio for the future. As we mentioned, we pruned some less profitable products. We also took the opportunity to improve the ROI of our trade spending particularly in the Biscuit and Cheese categories. As a result of that, we took a bit of a hit in the fourth quarter. I think our 52 week number is certainly the most representative metric to look at as we go forward. I think we really, as a result of these actions, have emerged from this year even stronger. As we said, we expect to see market share improvement beginning in Q2 as we lap the pricing changes.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: I know the lower cheese prices will limit the top line growth relative to your expectations. Does that also relative to your expectations does that also take down what you would have thought your profits would have been or would the profit growth have been the same as your expectations a quarter ago?
Irene Rosenfeld: No, in fact our profits should go up. Were looking to cover our costs using pricing to cover our costs. As a result of the momentum that were seeing we feel very comfortable that regardless of what happens on the cost side that we will be able to deliver the guidance that weve laid out.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer  UBS
David Palmer  UBS: I was wondering if you could perhaps give a little bit more insight into your strategy in the Cheese business to the degree that you can in this forum. It appears that Kraft is really attempting, particularly in the natural cheese part of its business, and beyond just the seasonal aspects around the fourth quarter promotions you talked about to effectively minimize the importance of this business by taking out permanently the less profitable part of that business. Im wondering also with regard to that Cheese segment, where do you think that you can get in light of any soft of strategies youre trying to achieve, where do you see that business being in terms of margins in the medium to long term?
Irene Rosenfeld: Part of our focus strategy and our portfolio management is our ability to prune some of the less profitable items in favor of the more profitable items. The experience we had in Cheese is a perfect example. You are correct in saying that we are essentially deemphasizing natural cheese in favor of products like Singles and Velveeta which particularly in the current economic environment are doing exceptionally well. As a result, youre seeing our margins come back to the mid teens levels which we think is a sustainable level for our Cheese business.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: What are the cost savings from the LU biscuit acquisition expected to be in 09? Whats interest expense guidance for 09?
Tim McLevish: Let me take the last one first. Interest expense, you can see we have about $20 billion worth of debt on our balance sheet and most of it is fixed rate debt and our average interest rate has been a little bit over 6%. You can kind of get the math. I dont expect any material changes from that going into 2009. Savings from LU we did a nice job integrating that business. You know that we, by agreement, had held back on some of the French manufacturing synergies and so forth for a period of time. We didnt get a lot of that in 2008 but as we get into 2009 and 2010 we expect that we will pick up in that regard. We have, in the fourth quarter particularly, of 2008 developed an integration plans with our EU business and we have anticipation of seeing some nice synergies as a result of that.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Is it possible for you to quantify if for us?
Tim McLevish: I cant quantify that right now.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: A question on the 09 pricing, if its going to be lower then you expected, why wouldnt you have expected better volume growth, you said revenue growth would be unchanged.
Irene Rosenfeld: Its a combination of actions across the portfolio. The biggest single impact on our lower revenue guidance is the fact that dairy costs have come down so precipitously. We expect to see stronger volumes in response to those reductions but were still, on most of our other categories going to see pricing that will be up year over year. Its essentially the balance across the portfolio that brings us to the guidance of at least 3%.
Tim McLevish: We had previously been our expectation of 4% and virtually the entire reduction from that to about 3% is attributable to dairy costs which have gone down from in excess of $2.00 back in the third quarter to support levels a little over $1.10 today. That in and of itself has resulted in the larger majority of the reduction in revenue expectations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I have question about the inventory reductions at retail. I was a little bit surprised. I know you had kind of given us a heads up on that. Even still, I generally thought inventory levels at retail were probably two weeks, maybe three weeks at most relatively efficient retailers and youve also seen pretty good at home consumption versus away from home. Im kind of surprised. Are you surprised that the retailers are doing it or is it a function of their cash flow and inventory levels?
Irene Rosenfeld: Were not surprised. We had foreshadowed as we talked in our third quarter call that as we understood retailers to be increasingly focused on cash in the current economic environment that we thought we might see some liquidation in the fourth quarter and in fact thats consistent with what happened. The inventory reductions that we saw were not totally a surprise but they were a big part of our volume declines in the fourth quarter.  We expect that as we head into the first quarter we may continue to see some of that. It was primarily focused in 2008 in North American and in 2009 we may very well see some of that in International as well and thats one of the reasons that weve suggested that our share improvement and some of our volume trends will begin to improve more in the second quarter.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: How much of the SKU cuts that youre doing across the business, how much of that do you think is a function of those particular brands not being in a leadership position where youre feeling a squeeze from private label or something like that. How much of the top line 09 target is hit by SKU cutting?
Irene Rosenfeld: Let me start by saying most of what we pruned you wouldnt even know we had in the first place. These are not major businesses, its just the opportunity as the portfolio is starting to perform and we are delivering our results were using this as an opportunity to continue to ensure that all the SKUs in the portfolio are adding value and are accretive to our performance.  The changes that we made are some Foodservice SKUs that you wouldnt necessarily be aware of and a variety of other products, Handi-Snacks, pudding for example, theyre small items that we had the opportunity as we were doing as well as we were to continue to stage the portfolio for sustainable growth.
Tim McLevish: It is the right thing to do to prune those SKUs that we have done. It probably, in the fourth quarter cost us about a percent and a half of our volume reduction. We expect until that until that anniversaries in 2009 it will have a similar impact and we do have some additional pruning we expect remain in the portfolio. Thats all baked in to our revenue guidance and expectations.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Did you mention any cash costs from the pension issue?
Tim McLevish: I didnt mention it. We do not anticipate that we will have a required pension contribution in 2009. As you can imagine we invested our pension assets probably 70% equities, 30% fixed income. They performed pretty much with the market this year so we saw a pretty important reduction in our asset values. That will not require though a required contribution in 2009. We are looking at, and likely will make a voluntary contribution to the plan, however.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: I have a question on the mark to market hit. As far as I can tell it was about a $0.10 hit in 2008. Many other companies in the sector seem to be excluding these factors from their recurring numbers. Could you explain what the hit was this quarter, which particular commodities are we seeing this in the most? I suspect it may be packaging and fuel but maybe you can speak to that. In terms of the guidance for 2009 if we were to assume that current spot markets remain roughly where they are do you have a certain amount of mark to market losses built into that $1.88 forecast? If so, how much?
Tim McLevish: Youre about right; we had about $0.09 full year impact from commodity hedging activity. In the fourth quarter the majority of that hit, hit us about $0.08 worth. Its really spread across our commodity. We always have an active hedging program to protect some period out in the future of our commodity requirements. The mark to market at the end of the year, those had declined. There was a fair amount of oil related impact; some of the packaging materials, the resins and so forth were impacted by that as well.  Obviously some of that will essentially come back to us in 2009 in the coverage that we have. At the end of the year obviously by definition we are mark to market in 2009. If commodities continue to come down we still have some hedge positions that could put a little pressure but thats fully embedded within our expectations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Im trying to triangulate a couple things. You said on a number of occasions in the call that youre comfortable with where the price gaps are yet I think also its fair to say that the share and volume trends in the quarter dont appear to be sustainable and the economy, if anything is weaker today then is was three or six months ago. I dont think anybodys outlook for the next three or six months looks so great. Why are things going to get better? Why are your price gaps okay where they are?
Irene Rosenfeld: Theres been a lot of dislocation in the course of 2008 especially with the recent spike in unemployment and as well as the aggressive pricing actions that we and a number of our peers took. As a result of that weve been seeing a lot of trading in, a lot of trading out, a lot of trading down. Weve got a number of businesses that are benefiting quite well from that phenomenon. DiGiorno, Oscar Mayer, Deli Creations are business that are benefiting greatly from the fact that consumer are eating more at home. Then weve got products like Kool-Aid, Mac N Cheese, Jell-O that are benefiting very much because theyve got very strong value messages against their competitive frame. Thats one of the reasons I feel quite comfortable that we are well positioned. Having said that, theres no question in this current economic environment it will be tough sledding in the near term.  I feel very good about the investments that weve made and the health of our businesses and I feel quite confident that as a number of our gaps in a couple of categories like nuts and cheese in particular get more in line that we will begin to see the share recovery in 2009.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:   Outside of those two categories you dont see a risk to step up in promotional spending or any sort of price give back in 2009?
Irene Rosenfeld: We feel quite comfortable that we will be able to maintain the gas that weve got with the programming that weve laid out.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Are you still thinking about gaps in percentage terms or do you think its more appropriate now to be thinking about them in penny terms?
Irene Rosenfeld: It varies category by category. Let me assure you that that is something that we look at quite rigorously. Once again, I feel quite comfortable that our price gaps are in good shape and that we are well positioned to win going forward.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: You cash flow was very strong in the year, you have a strong balance sheet, your stocks indicated about 8% or 9% but you didnt buy stock back in the quarter and youre not anticipating buying it back next quarter. How should we think about that relative to your comments about the business momentum?
Tim McLevish: Our stock price is quite attractive but in the current environment with the difficult liquidity generally in the marketplace we think its prudent to constrain our cash at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott
Jonathan Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott: You talked there was some weakness in premium coffee, snack bars, some self decided weakness in discontinuing the Handi-Snacks, cutting back in Handi-Snacks ready desserts and some strength definitely in furthermore value oriented part of your portfolio like Kraft Singles and Velveeta. Im wondering this seems like its a change. It certainly seems like your reversal from three or four years ago when the marching orders were to move the consumer up into higher priced mix items. If you could make a blanket statement across your portfolio would it be a negative margin factor for you if consumer sought more value items in 2009 and 2010 considering I know some of your value products like Kraft Singles are actually quite high margin.
Irene Rosenfeld: What you see category by category is that we feel very good; weve got very strong margins in each segment of the market. If you think about the growth diamond that Ive laid out in the past to talk about what were doing to try to make our products more contemporary and relevant, certainly premium was one of the points.  Without a doubt in the short term were going to see a little bit less emphasis on that corner of the diamond. We certainly continue to see very strong performance of snack, quick meals, and of our health and wellness products. They all have very attractive margins. Thats consistent with the guidance that weve given going forward.
Jonathan Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott: As part of that trade down thats happening within the grocery store could inventory de-loading by retailers be related to their store brand promotions or store brand plans in certain categories?
Irene Rosenfeld: It could be but I would tell you as we look at it across the board its much more related to their desire to conserve cash in the current economic environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: On the market share piece I want to make sure I understand it. I think I recall on the third quarter call you had talked about some of the market share offset the pricing but that in the fourth quarter youd expect that share number to actually improve from where you were in the third. You were already at that point in the fourth quarter. I want to make sure I understand what changed or transpired differently from that point that made shares go so dramatically in the other direction.
Irene Rosenfeld: It was not only just the fourth quarter but it was actually the month of December. I think it was a combination of the fact that we had very aggressive pricing that certainly hit the marketplace on most of our categories at that point we had double digit increases in a couple of our core categories like Cheese and Grocery. At the same time that we saw consumers beginning to pull back a little bit. The consumer environment and the reaction to that environment were a little bit more intense then we had anticipated at the time of the third quarter call. Net net I feel terrific about our performance on the year. We did exactly what we said we were going to do in a very difficult environment. I think were well positioned for the future.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: On the inventory reductions we certainly heard some other consumer companies discuss that, notably in the HPC side. Havent heard at least yet, a whole lot of packaged food companies talk about that as being much of an issue. Its hard for you obviously to speak to what other companies are seeing or not but is there something you think different about either your portfolio or position youre in with respect to retailers that you might see it and others in the food industry would not.
Irene Rosenfeld: No, I think our retail partners have been quite clear about their desire to manage their inventories in this difficult economic environment and I think youre seeing in place just about every category in the store.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: At this stage, given what youre thinking about for input costs, inflation incrementally in 09 it would suggest obviously you just need very little in the way of incremental pricing certainly relative to 08 which hopefully would allow more of the productivity that youve been generating youve got another incremental $300 million or so coming through from the restructuring and what not to flow through obviously to drive the earnings side of the equation versus last year. The one offset would be one piece that hasnt come up which is the marketing side. I think youre expected to end 08 at around 7% of sales or so. Given some of the share changes that weve seen more recently what are your thoughts broadly speaking around where marketing needs to go in 09, also taking into account that youre getting more for your money these days. Im trying to get a sense what an offset is to more the productivity flowing through.
Irene Rosenfeld: Were going to continue to use a combination of pricing and productivity as you said to cover our input costs and in fact if we start to see input costs fall that will give us even more money to reinvest back in the business. Thats how were looking at that equation. Our plan is to continue to increase A&C, I think you saw solid investment in 2008 despite the difficult environment and I think thats one of the reasons I feel so confident about 2009. At the end of the day our objective is to have a competitive share of voice in this current environment as you rightly point out that will cost us a little bit less money. Thats a good thing. Our goal is to continue to improve our share of voice. We increased our A&C last year about 13% and youre going to see a significant increase again in 2009.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Gurkin  Davenport
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: If you go back about nine months or so there was great emphasis by Kraft and a lot of other companies to invest in emerging markets. Obviously the world has change greatly since then. Im curious your philosophy on those markets and do you think its going to take an extended period of time for related growth or the appeal of those markets to come back, your outlook there.
Irene Rosenfeld: Those markets are still quite appealing to us. Theres no doubt that they are slowing down relative to some of the growth rate that theyve had historically. They are still the greatest source of our growth. In fact, if you look at the growth profile that we have laid out weve been growing well beyond our long term growth rate targets in the developing markets. Even if, as the markets start to soften I remain confident that we can deliver the guidance that weve given. Developing market will continue to be an important part of our growth and they delivered magnificently in 2008.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: A lot of progress has been made on product innovation and adding quality back. The salad dressing inventory reduction you just had a year of pretty substantial quality improvements there for advertising, packaging changes. Now theres a big inventory reduction. I find it hard to believe that retailers are focusing on that category across brand and private label. Private label is growing substantially still. I hate to focus on one thing but is this really across private label and brand or is it just brand?
Irene Rosenfeld: Salad dressing actually is a great example of the impact of our investments. Weve been losing share in that category about two points a year. I feel awfully good about where we ended up in 2008 across all channels. We continue to see the impact of the investments that weve made in taking out the preservatives, changing the bottle and increasing the marketing support behind that category. Without a doubt salad dressing is performing better then it has historically as a result of the investments that weve made. That said, across a number of the dry grocery categories in particular we did see inventory liquidation in the fourth quarter which was a contributor to the softness that we saw in the volume performance.
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: What other categories going forward do you foresee being hit by these inventory reductions? What do we expect in first quarter?
Tim McLevish: It has hit us pretty much across the board. As we indicated we do expect perhaps some in the first quarter, some further inventory reductions. I dont think theres a single category thats singled out it really goes across the board.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane  Banc of America
Bryan Spillane  Banc of America: For 09 in looking at currencies are any of your translation exposures hedged for 09 versus 08?
Tim McLevish: Transactionally we have an active hedging program for currencies. Translationally we typically do not hedge.
Bryan Spillane  Banc of America: When were trying to track the translation impact we should just assume all currencies are un-hedged at this point.
Tim McLevish: From a translational standpoint that would be the case. Theres a fair number of moving parts in that. We do most of the transactional thats some of our sourcing. We actually have some Euro denominated debt and so forth. Most of that tends to be offset with either hedges or natural offsets. Purely the translational we do not hedge. As you can imagine we have a number of different currencies that impact that. If I go back six to nine months ago you used to be able to track the currency impact on us from the Euro but because of the significant changes in some of the other currencies the Brazilian real, the Russian currency, etc. its a little bit more difficult then to point to one currency.
Bryan Spillane  Banc of America: For magnitude how big an impact were those emerging market currencies, or are those emerging market currencies on the pension headwind is it half, is it a quarter?
Tim McLevish: On the pension headwind?
Bryan Spillane  Banc of America: On the currency headwind.
Tim McLevish: Emerging markets I would say probably half of the impact.
Bryan Spillane  Banc of America: On the pension headwind was there an increase in your discount rate that went into the expense calculation?
Tim McLevish: A very modest reduction. Its essentially where it was last year but actually a modest reduction.
Bryan Spillane  Banc of America: I want to make sure I understand the volume dynamic in the fourth quarter. If I heard it right, there was about a point and a half drag on shipments from inventory reductions. How much did it affect your take away? I know that youve eliminated some SKUs so what was your take away volume relative to your shipment volume in the fourth quarter?
Irene Rosenfeld: Without a doubt half of the impact came from the pruning that we did as well as the inventory reductions. The other half came from the impact that the aggressive pricing actions that we took particularly in Cheese and Grocery impacted our volume. In some cases in a number of those categories it did play through into the market share results which is why we feel that we will still have seen impact on market share into the first quarter and then should start to see the recovery as we lap those pricing actions that we will see that reverse as we head into the second quarter. The inventory reductions hit our volume but its the pricing elasticity that really had the impact our consumption and therefore on our market share.
Bryan Spillane  Banc of America: If you look out into 09 if you tack back to the back to school conference and you think about you gave some preliminary indications about how you were looking at 09. Im trying to gauge stripping away the pension headwind and the currency headwind your confidence level in the underlying operation it just seems to me when you look at 09 input costs are coming down. Demand for eating at home is increasing, maybe pricing environment probably not as favorable. It seems to me thats an environment that should be pretty good for a company like Kraft. Is that the right way to look at this?
Irene Rosenfeld: Theres no question that the business performance is stronger than we had forecast even in September and feel terrific about that. We did what we said we were going to do in an exceptionally difficult environment. Most importantly in the course of last year we took a number of actions both in terms of our investments as well as in some proactive actions in the form of product pruning and improving trade ROI that will stage us well for the future.  Without a doubt our business performance is every bit as strong if not stronger then what we saw in September and theres a number factors that you alluded to that are going to definitely be tail winds for us in 2009. The entire reason for us taking our guidance to $1.88 is currency. As I said, if the currency improves, if the dollar weakens we would expect our EPS to move up commensurately.
Tim McLevish: If you go back to school we said $2.00, were $1.88 now. We identified between pension and currency $0.24 worth of headwinds more then we had anticipated at that time. The operational improvements that I already mentioned recover half of that.
Operator: Your last question comes from Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Relative to some categories I know theres obviously Cheese and Coffee where prices have been down and likely will be down at retail in 09. Are there categories where youve announced price increases so far for 09?
Irene Rosenfeld: No, in fact we feel quite comfortable across the portfolio that we are well positioned with respect to pricing. Except for a couple of the categories, two of them you mentioned, the other one that we talked about was nuts, we just announced a pricing action, a price decline on our nuts business a week ago.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Relative to the private label threat as you see it for your businesses Id ask first if you have a composite private label share gain that occurred in the quarter, maybe most North American numbers and whether you see the threat being larger and more aggressive in the US versus say the UK or EU generally.
Irene Rosenfeld: Without a doubt our share performance around the world was quite strong. We are focused very much on the US shares because theyre a lot more solid then some of the data we get elsewhere in the world. Without a doubt, as you look at our composite share performance against private label we actually fared better than many of our branded competitors. I feel very good that the investments that we made in our brands, in our quality, in our marketing efforts as well as in our pipeline innovation is serving us very well and enabling us to perform quite well in the current environment. That said, I think were going to probably have another quarter of challenge as we lap the year ago period before we had taken a number of these prices up.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Do you think the risk for private label is any different between the US and EU?
Irene Rosenfeld: Its a significant factor in both markets. In the EU were doing exceptionally well. Tim talked about the restage of our Kenco brand. Weve got a very strong platform there of sustainability and its serving us very well. Thats a very nice business that is recovering well despite the economic environment. At the end of the day the key to our success is our ability to ensure that our brand equities are adequate to justify the prices that were charging for our products and I think the results of 2008 would suggest that were well positioned in that regard.
Operator: We have reached the end of the allotted time for questions and answers. Mr. Jakubik do you have any closing remarks?
Chris Jakubik: Thanks very much and well see you all in a couple weeks at Cagny.
Operator: Thank you all for participating in todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Jakubik - Vice President Investor Relations Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO Tim McLevish - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Todd Duvick - Bank of America Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs Christine Mccracken  Cleveland Research Terry Bivens  JP Morgan Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch Bryan Spillane  Banc of America Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to Kraft Foods Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. Id now like to turn the call over to Mr. Chris Jakubik, Vice President Investor Relations for Kraft.
Chris Jakubik: I'm Chris Jakubik, Vice President of Investor Relations. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO, and Tim McLevish, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release was sent our earlier today and is available on our web site, Kraft.com. Also available on our web site are slides that we will refer to during our prepared remarks. As you know, during this call we may make forward looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today so they contain an element of uncertainty.  Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the company's 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more detailed explanation of the inherent limitations in such forward looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks will exclude those items that affect comparability. These excluded items are captured in the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation within our news release, and they are also available on our web site.  Irene will first provide her perspective on our results and outlook today. Then Tim will highlight our financials and review the results for each of our business segments. After that Irene will open it up for questions. With that, I'll hand it off to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: At the risk of stating the obvious the world has changed quite dramatically since our last business update. Within that environment Im very pleased that weve just reported strong third quarter results. Taken together our revenue, market share and profit are all trending in the right direction despite a very challenging environment. While the global economy has worsened I feel even more confident about our business prospects. Specifically our Q3 results have again shown that were able to build our business momentum despite significant headwinds and although we face some new macro economic challenges I am confident we can successfully navigate through them and that Kraft will emerge from the present environment even stronger. Why do I feel that way? In terms of our business momentum were continuing to see good payback from our investments in quality, marketing and innovation across our major categories and markets around the world. Were seeing the benefits on both the top and bottom lines. Weve invested to improve product quality and rebuild brand equity since 2007 and that has given us renewed pricing power. As a result, 2008 represents an important landmark. It will be the first year in many that Kraft will fully offset input cost inflation through a combination of pricing and productivity. Going forward Im very comfortable that our pricing at current levels and our strength in brand equities leave us well positioned to continue to manage changes in input costs either up or down. At the same time our volume has held up better than expected despite significant cost driven price increases in an increasingly unsettled economic environment. As consumers have traded in to food at home and traded down to value oriented meal offerings weve given them many reasons to come home to Kraft. Were driving solid growth in a number of high margin businesses like Mac & Cheese, Kool-Aid, Jell-O and DiGiorno by emphasizing our value oriented positioning versus higher cost alternatives. Weve successfully innovated into new segments with products like Oreo and Nilla Cakesters, upper mainstream Milka Dark and Milka filed chocolates, Bagel-fuls, and microwaveable DiGiorno and California Pizza Kitchen pizzas for one. Our restaging efforts are paying off in other categories like mainstream coffee and salad dressings in which were beginning to reverse years of share declines.  As the result of our stronger than expected volume performance we are raising our guidance for 2008 organic revenue growth to 7% up from at least 6%. Overall our revenue fundamentals have improved significantly. In fact the next two slides put this improvement into perspective. Slide six shows that on a year to date basis our volume mix is up 80 basis points and weve achieved that growth despite unprecedented pricing of almost 700 basis points. Slide seven shows our US market share. In Q2 the temporary dislocation from our pricing actions affected both our 13 week and our 52 week market shares. As competitors appear to be catching up to market costs and consumers continue to respond favorably to our investments we are pleased to see our shares rebounding from 42% to 47%. Not surprisingly our performance in value oriented non-measured channels has been particularly strong reflecting our successful focus on value meals. Going forward well continue to invest in our brand equities and the value positioning of key brands. Well benefit further from product news in core categories like crackers. As a result we expect to see market shares continue to improve. We also feel good about the sustainability of our business momentum because were taking advantage of our unique strengths.  First, were leveraging the scale of our broad portfolio. Our growth is now sufficiently broad based to enable us to disproportionately allocate our resources behind the biggest opportunities. Were seeing results from the highest margin, highest growth categories in North America. From our 5/10/10 strategy in Kraft International where our focus on five categories, ten brands and ten markets is paying off nicely. Second, our decentralized structure is leading to better, faster decisions that are driving profitable growth. Our business leaders are focused on their largest most profitable brands and looking at them holistically. In some cases theyre trading volume for profit. This includes optimizing trade spending, cutting less productive skews and exiting certain product lines. In fact, more than half of our Q3 volume decline was due to conscious decisions to sacrifice less profitable volume. Third, we continue to generate significant cost savings and we see considerably more savings opportunities ahead of us. As we outlined in September we now expect $1.4 billion in restructuring savings well in excess of our original plan. We have a strong pipeline of cost reduction initiatives beyond our restructuring program which will be implemented in the normal course of business over the next few years. Net net I feel quite good about our business performance in a very challenging environment. Having said that the world has changed considerably since our update only one month ago. Obviously there are a number of moving parts and the recent turmoil in the financial markets has reduced our upside potential. We will continue to pursue opportunities to backstop our plans and to offset those variables outside of our control. From an operating perspective we remain confident that we will deliver at least $2.00 GAAP EPS in 2009. Why do I say that? Three reasons; first were well positioned to navigate through the current financial crisis. Yes credit markets are tight but we have ample liquidity. Our balance sheet and cash flow remain strong. Our investment grade credit rating is serving us well and weve maintained regular access to the Commercial Paper market. Second, weve adjusted our brands for the possibility of weaker near term volumes. Thats covered within our guidance. Weve done this because tight credit may lead to some retailer inventory liquidation that could impact our fourth quarter shipments, because changes in consumer sentiment and consumer spending remain a concern. Third, we are well positioned in the current environment because we have strong underlying operating momentum as we head into 2009. Our year to date volume, operating income and taxes are all better than expected. We will continue to invest in quality, marketing, and innovation to build our competitive advantage. We have a strong pipeline of cost savings both from our restructuring program and from future initiatives. In 2009 we will realize significantly more synergies from our LU biscuit acquisition. In summary, despite some significant headwinds I believe the investments weve made over the past two years will enable Kraft to emerge from this environment even stronger.  Now Ill turn the call over to Tim.
Tim McLevish: Please keep in mind that unless otherwise noted my comments will exclude the items affecting comparability that were highlighted in our press release. Ill begin my comments by starting at the top line. Our Q3 net revenues increased 7% on an organic basis. As we had expected the balance of organic growth in Q3 shifted to pricing. Weve acted decisively this year taking a series of cost driven price increases in virtually every category and every market around the world. The cumulative effect of our actions is playing out over successive quarters. The 8.4 percentage point increase in Q3 compares to about 7 points in Q2, 4 points in Q1 and less than 2 points in all of 2007. This trend should continue into Q4. At the same time we remain encouraged by our overall volume and mix performance. It held up better than expected reflecting the benefits of our investments in quality, marketing and innovation. In fact, as Irene mentioned more than half of our Q3 volume decline was due to a conscious decision to sacrifice less profitable volume. This is most evident in three areas. Natural cheese and food services service in the US, roast and ground coffee in part of the EU and ready to drink beverages in Asia. As a result weve raised our organic revenue growth guidance to 7%. Turning to the drivers of Q3 earnings per share, we delivered strong gains from our operations in the quarter. As you can see on the chart our operating gains in the third quarter accelerated versus the first half of the year. Consistent with the guidance we provided in January. This reflects the fact that benefits of pricing and productivity are now catching up to the increase in our input costs. Id also note that the Q3 operational improvement reflects $0.02 of negative timing impact due to commodity hedging gains that were recognized earlier in the year. Additionally the quarter was negatively impacted by $0.06 related to the mark to market or our commodity hedging activity. We largely anticipated this as we flagged our significant mark to market gains in Q2. If we were to adjust for the timing impact of our hedging activity in the same manner we did in Q2 our ex items EPS would have been about $0.52. This is a good place to stop and discuss our input cost situation. This chart shows prices by year versus the 10 year average for our key commodity inputs. Despite recent declines from all time highs prices of key inputs remain well above prior year and historical levels. To put this in context for Kraft, in Q3 our input costs were up about $700 million over last year.  Year to date our input costs are up about $1.5 billion and for the full year we continue to expect input cost inflation of about $2 billion or up about 13% over 2007. Going forward were comfortable that our pricing levels are appropriate for the current input cost environment. Back to Q3 earnings, the strong contribution for operations just discussed was offset by two factors below the line. One was higher interest expense a $0.06 headwind versus the prior year. For the full year we expect interest expense to be at the higher end of our $1.2 to $1.3 billion range. Thats slightly more than we anticipated and reflects higher borrowing costs including the higher rates were currently paying for Commercial Paper. Second was the $0.05 negative impact due to lower earnings from discontinued operations. The negative impact was slightly more than anticipated due to certain adjustments associated with the closing of our Post transaction.  While not a significant contributor year over year our tax rate was worth mentioning. Excluding items our Q3 effective tax rate was lower than expected. Its due to three things; a shift in our geographic mix of earnings this year, recent tax legislation and a favorable resolution of several discrete items. These changes have lowered our expected average effective tax rate to 31.5% for all of 2008, down from the 33% we had previously forecasted. About half of the reduction comes from our geographic mix and the remainder is split about evenly between legislative changes and discrete items. As it relates to our 2008 EPS guidance favorable taxes will help to cover the negative impact from currency and interest expense. We remain comfortable with our 2008 EPS guidance of at least $1.88 despite headwinds from the current macro economic environment. Ill take a few minutes now to share some highlights of our business segment results. Ill start with North America where a second wave of investments, better execution at retail from wall-to-wall and our new organization structure are all having a significant impact. Our results are benefiting from a focus on our highest margin, highest growth categories. Our programs to highlight the value proposition of our brands are gaining traction across a number of businesses. In fact, half our North American reporting segments posted positive volume in the third quarter. Looking at individual segments, in US Beverages organic net revenue grew 7.4% again solid gains in both volume and pricing. Ready to drink, powdered beverages and coffee all contributed to growth. In ready to drink beverages our investments in quality and marketing behind Capri Sun and Kool-Aid led to volume growth. This is a significant turn around from the price related volume declines we saw earlier in the year. In coffee our efforts to restage the business continued have a positive impact. We posted double digit growth in Maxwell House and more than 40% growth in Tassimo. In fact, Maxwell House drove a market share gain in the mainstream segment for the fourth quarter in a row. Powder beverages also delivered solid growth; this is driven by continued strong volume gains in Kool-Aid and Country Time as weve improved our value marketing to consumers. However, at the profit line beverages operating income was down slightly. Here the benefits from cost driven price increases and volume growth were offset by higher input costs and to a lesser extent unfavorable product mix. In US Cheese organic net revenues were up 7%. This reflected double digit cost driven price increases that were partly offset by related decline in volume. Four factors are worth noting here. First, even considering our recent price decline in September list prices versus a year ago remain up between 5% and 20% across our cheese categories. Second, we made a conscious decision to not chase unprofitable volume during the quarter particularly in the natural cheese business. In the near term as absolute price points remain at historic highs we would expect volume pressure and difficult comparisons to persist. On the other hand innovations such as Bagel-fuls continue to deliver solid benefits. More importantly were benefiting from new advertising that highlights the great value of Kraft Singles and Velveeta, two of our highest margin cheese products. Most importantly this played through to operating income. It was up strongly versus Q3 2007 as the multiple pricing actions weve taken have caught up with the input cost increases weve seen over the past year. Going forward we expect margins to be in the mid to upper teens on a normalized basis. There will be some variation quarter to quarter but it will be within a might tighter band than we have experienced in the past as the result of our decision to price closer to market. Moving on to US Convenient Meals, our investments in quality, base marketing and new products drove 8.6% organic revenue growth. We had strong gains from cost driven pricing and one point from improved mix. In Oscar Mayer the strength of our Deli Fresh cold cuts platform continued. It delivered strong double digit revenue growth an about a point of share gain in the overall cold cuts category.  Our Deli Creation sandwiches also grew strongly in Q3, driven by the new flat breads line. This continues to be highly incremental to our base Oscar Mayer business and its on its way to see the $100 million mark as consumers continue to see significant value compared to take out sandwiches.  Finally, strong volume growth in pizza continued not only from our base DiGiorno and California Pizza Kitchen offerings but also from the roll out of our new line of single serve offerings under the For One banner. This drove more than a point of market share gain in frozen pizza during the quarter. Operating income in the segment declined about 6% versus the prior year. Here our pricing actions do not fully cover the combination of the steep recent escalation in input costs specifically in beef and pork used in Oscar Mayer products as well as higher marketing and overhead costs. As we move forward we expect our year over year profit performance to improve as pricing catches up with the input costs. On to US Grocery, organic net revenues were up about 6% and operating income grew 5%. Jell-O and Mac and cheese again delivered a combination of pricing, market share gains and higher profit margins in the quarter. Both categories continue to benefit from the current economic environment as consumers search for value oriented meal solutions. These gains were partially offset by declines in other parts of the business such as spoonable dressings where pricing actions led to volume declines. Our Kraft Pure salad dressing roll out continues on tract with significant cost driven price increases, slowed volume growth in this category as well. Overall were encouraged by the progress were making in growing our high margin grocery portfolio and we expect more to come. Looking at US Snacks organic net revenues were up 4% in Q3 entirely due to pricing. At the category level solid gains in biscuit were partially offset by two things, a decline in snack bars due in part to product pruning and pricing related volume declines in snack nuts as a number of competitors have taken pricing actions later in the quarter. In biscuits our focus on our largest brands is paying off. Our top five brands grew 16% in Q3 and are up 10% year to date. The addition of Nilla Cakesters and the ongoing strength of Oreo Cakesters pushed this platform further towards the $100 million mark and resulted in double digit growth for both the Oreo and Nilla brands. Overall revenue performance in crackers improved versus last year with double digit gains in Triscuit and strong growth in Ritz due to successful marketing investments and terrific consumer response to our new Kraft Mac and cheese crackers. Going forward we expect our cracker performance to improve further behind new products and improved Q4 marketing programs. This should lead to an even strong biscuit performance in the fourth quarter. At the operating income line profit grew about 4% however Q3 results were negatively impacted by approximately $25 million or about 15 percentage points of growth. This is due to the benefits of commodity hedging activities that were recognized in the second quarter rather than offsetting the related input costs in Q3. On an adjusted basis profit for the Snacks segment would have been up about 19%. Turning to Canada and North America Foodservice, organic revenue growth was up 4.5% versus last year. We had another solid quarter in Canada driven by pricing, strong volume and share growth. The ongoing success is due to increased investments in marketing and innovation across all categories and the implementation of improved customers plans as we leveraged our scale with the reestablishment of Canada as a stand alone business. In North America Foodservice growth came from a combination of pricing and innovation in the form of new menu items in quick service channels. Its worth noting that our Foodservice volume was down only about 1% in the quarter despite a significant slowdown in restaurant traffic and the effect of exiting a low margin unbranded supply contract. At the operating income line strong growth was driven by gains in both Canada and Foodservice. Top line growth, manufacturing efficiencies and overhead cost leverage more than offset higher input costs. Volumes will continue to be a challenge in the near term but given the base business gains from marketing and innovation we expect solid year over year margin improvement to continue. Now well turn to our International business. Our 5/10/10 strategy five categories, 10 brands, and 10 markets is clearly paying off across Kraft International. We continue to show very good organic growth especially in developing markets. With the balance of growth now shifting to pricing were beginning to catch up to cost increases especially in the EU. In the EU organic revenue growth was drive by about five points of cost driven pricing that was partially offset by nearly three points of volume decline. However, the volume decline is primarily due to pruning lower margin products and pruning will continue to play a role in our volume growth profile for the next three quarters, growth in our focus areas however remain solid.  In Chocolate we continued to lever strong growth from the ongoing success of marketing innovation investments particularly behind our billion dollar Milka brand. Cheese also grew in the quarter from investments behind our leading Philadelphia brand. In coffee revenue declined slightly as gains in Gevalia and Tassimo were up because of planned volume losses and less profitable brands. At the profit line EU operating margins improved 170 basis points versus last year and they continued to improve sequentially from prior quarters. The LU biscuit business added substantially to top line results this year but even excluding the acquisition EU operating profit was up strong double digits as higher pricing and favorable product mix more than offset higher input costs. As we continue to integrate the LU biscuit business still in its first year well deliver more revenue and cost synergies which will drive improved top and bottom line performance. In Developing markets we saw continued strength with organic growth of 19% driven by solid mix gains and 13 points of pricing. Volume was down slightly in the quarter entirely due to lower volume in Asia. In Asia volume declines were primarily due to pruning activities and a timing shift due to a distributor consolidation between Kraft and the LU biscuit business. The obvious factors were continuing to see strong growth across our Developing Markets due to our focus on and investment in core categories, core brands and key markets. Operating profit growth was very strong up more than 50% even excluding profit impact from the LU acquisition. We delivered solid growth in every region. Finally a few notes on cash flow. In addition to our solid earnings base were making good progress in working capital. Our improvement program delivered six day reduction in our cash conversion cycle with inventory being the main contributor. CapEx through nine months was $900 million and we remain on pace to spend just over 3% of net revenue for the year.  As a result weve generated about $1.6 billion of discretionary cash flow through nine months and are on track to beat last years level of $2.3 billion.  With that Ill hand it back to Irene for some closing comments.
Irene Rosenfeld: To sum it up we continue to build momentum despite significant headwinds. Our investments in the business are paying off in stronger top and bottom line performance in all geographies. Obviously though its a new world and there are a number of external factors whose impact on 2009 will be clearer as the new year begins. Well certainly keep you posted but I am confident that within this challenging environment Kraft is well positioned to win. Now wed be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jonathan Feeney  Wachovia.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia: I wanted to think about this right, the $180 million in commodity hedging activity those are non-cash hedging adjustments, if you added that back to operating margin youd get to sort of an apples to apples type number sort of on margin progress am I thinking about that right?
Tim McLevish: Thats correct. If you think about it in Q2 at the end of the quarter we had some hedges that for accounting purposes were considered non-effective and we had to mark them to market. During this quarter essentially the sourcing that we did for these related input costs was unprotected by those hedges and consequently it cost us not cash but earnings reduction.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia: Was there any kind of similar impact in 07 to think about as I try to figure out a year over year, apples to apples is?
Tim McLevish: It was very minimal if anything.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia: You mentioned specifically trade de-loading as a potential phenomenon. Ive heard reports of that as well. Could you talk about, is that a retailer driven thing, is it a consumer driven thing and what regions will be most impacted? If you could just put a little more color around it Id appreciate it.
Irene Rosenfeld: Im not making a forecast I was just trying to characterize our guidance and be clear to you that we believe we have taken an appropriate planning stance. The kind of potential inventory impact is at the retailer level as they are struggling with some of the same economic issues that our industry is suffering from.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia: Is that mainly in Europe where Ive heard about that is a big factor in Europe. You said its a factor also in the US you believe.
Irene Rosenfeld: Absolutely, I think you look at the earnings profile of a number of our key customers this is a tough environment for them.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Duvick - Banc of America Securities.
Todd Duvick - Banc of America Securities: I appreciate your comments on the liquidity situation. I had a question with respect to potential refinancing. You had a note that matured on October 1st and it looks like you must have refinanced that with Commercial Paper in the short term. Can you confirm that and also tell us if you have plans to tap the debt capital markets at any point in the near term?
Tim McLevish: Let me first say our balance sheet remains strong, Kraft has a strong name and we have good access to Commercial Paper market. We did have the bond you identified that matured on October 1st and we did refinance that with short term Commercial Paper. Well just have to consider the market conditions as whether we could come up any of our Commercial Paper in the next several months.
Todd Duvick - Banc of America Securities: Do you have any target level with which youre comfortable having short term debt versus long term debt is there like an average Commercial Paper balance that you like to have on the balance sheet for flexibility?
Tim McLevish: We think were well served by having an active Commercial Paper program. You can estimate approximately what that would have been considering the balances at the end of the quarter and the refinancing of the $700 million. Remember we have a $4.5 billion backup facility that remain un-drawn and that was reduced by a small amount as Lehman withdrew from that credit line. We have ample liquidity as Irene mentioned and feel good about our position.
Operator: Your next question comes from Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs: I was hoping to get your perspective on your market share trend obviously it improved in the third quarter versus your second quarter but its still down versus the first quarter and Im just wondering how you feel about the direction of the overall market share trend in the US. As it relates to that you talked about food at home sales getting benefits and trading down to value oriented offerings to what extent is the private label sled more concerning going forward?
Irene Rosenfeld : I feel very good about the progress were making on market share, theres no question that the investments weve made over the last couple years are serving us well. Its strengthened our brand equity and its given us the ability to take the pricing while having less impact on our volumes than we had expected going into it. We do see, as we look out, as the marketplace continues to catch up to some of the cost profiles in a variety of categories we do see that a number of our price gaps are narrowing and as we look ahead we do expect to see continued progress as I mentioned in our market share. The other thing Id mention to you with respect specifically to share is that we are seeing an increasing disconnect between free outlet shares and total market performance as consumers are increasingly value conscious and theyre doing some channel shifting. In some respects you dont have full visibility to our total share performance. That said, I think we are well positioned in the current environment. Our categories are clearly consumer staples and are definitely part of the general consumption patterns. Our increasingly broad geographic, particularly the position of LU biscuits I think is serving us well. A number of our brands provide very strong value propositions at any time but especially in the current environment brands like Jell-O, Kool-Aid, Mac and cheese for example. Even within categories very good coverage across price points. If you look at a given category like Pizza for example were covering the spectrum of pricing from Tombstone all the way up to California Pizza Kitchen. Importantly I think the most overriding trend thats impacting and its helping our business is that we are benefiting as more consumers eat at home and we have offerings that compare quite favorably things like Deli Creations or even DiGiorno frozen pizza. Net net I feel good about the progress that were making on share in large measure as weve suggested to you in the past there was some temporary dislocation in the second quarter which we can now see to get into correct itself and Im quite optimistic about our prospects going forward.
Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs: If you look at your 2009 guidance at least $2.00 per share that hasnt changed I guess since September. Im just wondering how much of the currency fluctuations recently that youre factoring into your 09 guidance at this point.
Tim McLevish: Obviously as Irene mentioned the world has changed since September. We still remain committed to our $2.00 earnings per share in 2009. There are a variety of factors that go into that, the exchange rate certainly is an element of that. All things considered as we look forward in our anticipation of 2009 we remain committed to our 2009 EPS guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Mccracken  Cleveland Research.
Christine Mccracken  Cleveland Research: In terms of your outlook on commodity prices and as it relates to the price increases that youve taken already Im wondering were hearing a little bit about the retailers pushing back and the pass through of the cost reductions that deflation and how quickly do you think at this point youll have to pass through some of those reductions. I think youve done it in coffee already. Maybe you could comment on that.
Irene Rosenfeld: Our pricing strategies are competitively sensitive. What I will tell you is that I feel very good that the focus we had over these last couple of years on brand equity has clearly paid dividends and the ability to price weve certainly been able to price our brands much more so then weve been able to in the past. At this point, as weve said, were substantially priced to the current market environment.  Having said that, we are well positioned to deal with market conditions. We do see some costs declining but in most cases were still looking at costs that are above a year ago. In a couple of cases, for example, wheat and soy beans were seeing prices from the chart that we showed you in our deck that were up actually 150% to a 10 year average. Were still looking at some fairly significant prices.  All that said I need to remind you that our long term growth outlook assumes that were simply going to use pricing and productivity to cover costs. Our market expansion actually comes from the leverage of our volume and mix performance. We remain focused on driving our brands and adding value to our brands to enable us to expand our margins through volume mix.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens  JP Morgan.
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: One thing I get a lot of questions about these days is kind of the calculus between what appears to be some commodity help next year versus the currency headwind. One of your competitors in fact mentioned that for roughly every $1.00 theyve received recently in foreign exchange they paid out about $5.00 in commodities. I know clearly a lot has changed and probably will change as we go into 09. Can you give us some indication of how youre thinking about that trade off as we go into next year?
Irene Rosenfeld: As weve said we feel very good about the operating momentum as we head into 2009. Clearly the investments that weve made in our brand equity and our product quality is paying off well. Were seeing good performance in all of our geographies around the world. Weve got a very solid pipeline of cost savings initiatives and as we look into 2009 we have the added benefit of incremental synergies from our LU biscuit business. Our underlying operating momentum is quite strong and as we continue to see the opportunity to invest in the business we will do so and I feel quite good about that. Obviously though the world has changed and we certainly expected more upside in September then we might see today and as we look at current market rates we see that there are some significant non-operating headwinds but were spending all of our time working to offset them. Clearly well have a stronger perspective as we head into next year. Net net I feel very good that within a very challenging environment we are well positioned to succeed.
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: In line with your comments about a channel shift if you look at the Nielson numbers for what basically covers your quarter in North America sales are indicated down 1% yet your revenues reported are up 6%. Do you think that kind of, clearly theres a lot of growth going on in the non-measured channels whether its price or volume. Do you expect that to be sustainable?
Irene Rosenfeld: The simple answer is yes. As consumers increasingly are looking for value I think we provide a unique set of offerings, brands like Kool-Aid, Mac and cheese, Jell-O are faring particularly well in the current environment and I see no sign that that will stop in the future. We feel very good about the ability to hold up across all channels as well as our future prospects look quite good.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: EBIT growth next year I remember when you made the Danone cookies acquisition late last year you were talking about $200 million in cost synergies from that acquisition. Can you confirm roughly how far through that process youre at, at the moment and how much of that we could expect to see coming through in 09.  Is that part of the $1.4 billion of the restructuring, I dont believe it is but just to confirm we should have a lot of those savings coming through plus the extra $300 million of the restructuring program thats due to come through beyond the end of 2008, really just trying to get a handle on productivity savings next year.  Then in terms of some of the additional things that you have to put into the pot next it seems that pensions are likely to be something of a headwind next year depending upon the market and then finally advertising spending Im not sure where you expect to be in terms of advertising as a percent of sales by the end of 2008 maybe you could give some color on that and where you expect to be perhaps by the end of 2009?
Irene Rosenfeld: Lets start with LU, the $1.4 billion does not include any synergies from the LU acquisition and we remain confident that we see our way clear to deliver those savings. The synergies that we laid out at the time of the acquisition were over a two to three year period and those are more back end loaded but as I mentioned in my remarks we certainly see some incremental opportunity year over year both in terms of revenue and in terms of costs as a consequence of our integration of that business in selected regions.  Net net we see not only our base restructuring opportunities and fundamental cost savings initiatives but we also have some incremental opportunities as a result of the LU integration.
Tim McLevish: As you perhaps know we maintain a balance, an asset allocation of about 70/30 equities through fixed income in our pension plan. You can assume that the plan is performing just about as the rest of the market is. Obviously that puts some downward pressure on our asset value in the pension plan. On the flip side interest rates spiking the discount rate on our pension liability is also increasing.  On balance theres a fairly significant offset in that and well have to see how those things play out at the end of the year to determine on our measurement base exactly what impact that will have for our pension expense in the next year. I think its important to note that our plans remain well funded and we dont anticipate any required cash contributions this year or going into next year.
Irene Rosenfeld: On your advertising and marketing spending question I feel very good about the investments that weve made over the last two years and I think theyve given us an exceptionally strong base from which to build. Youll see our A&C will be up again in 2008 despite the challenging cost environment. We should come in at about 7% of net revenue. I feel particularly good about that as we watched some of our peers take their spending down. Net net we will continue to invest in the business and build on the equities that we have been creating and I feel very good about our prospects going forward.
Tim McLevish: Its important to know that the beginning of the year we had indicated that we anticipated 7.5% of A&C spend a percent of revenue. We will spend the same number of dollars that we had anticipated at that time however the percentage of revenue will come down to a little over 7% as Irene identified purely as a result of the denominator impact of the significant growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: I wanted to talk to you a little bit more about the market share issue. It seems that youre interested in the sequential improvement but maybe you could talk a little bit about the year on year declines on the 13 week data. Specifically what I want to understand is these numbers are still negative and when we look at volume data that we can see in Food, Drug and Mass data the volume data is concerning to me. In cheese, for instance, your top category in the United States, Kraft equalized volumes were down 19% in FDM data while private label was up 11%.  It was a 30 point gap between the two and Ive never seen a gap that large. The question really is with market shares declining and with volumes declining at least in the data that I can see in the measured channels whats your outlook here for the sustainability of your pricing and really why shouldnt we be concerned about this a bit more than I think you guys were in the prepared comments?
Irene Rosenfeld: Let me just remind you again, we are seeing tremendous channel shifting in the current environment. For starters, its increasingly difficult for you to look at IRI data for example and forecast our total market share performance and I think as you look at our shipments and certainly recognizing nobodys building inventory right now. As you look at our shipment profile it is clear that we are consuming more than you can see in the traditional channels. Theres clearly some channel shifting going on. We knew that there would be some temporary dislocation we were quite active and aggressive in our pricing in relation to the cost situation earlier in the year. We knew that there would be some temporary dislocation and we talked about that quite a bit at our second quarter call. If you look at categories like cheese, for example, and theres no question we are not pleased with our cheese share performance.  If you look at the relative segments we are consciously sacrificing some volume and less profitable segments like natural cheese which is the bulk of our share decline relative to segments like process cheese and cream cheese, and Velveeta in particular if you look at that business is exceptionally well positioned in the current economic environment. Were making some very conscious trade offs, category by category, segment by segment within our categories and we remain confident that our outlook going forward is that we will see more than half of our shares growing on a sustainable basis. I come back to the fact that theres some temporary dislocation as a consequence of our pricing in response to the cost environment but we are clearly seeing that begin to recover and I have great confidence that it will continue to recover in the coming months.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: My first question has to do with the international and EU results excluding both acquisition and currency. Maybe you could talk a little bit about what those numbers look like because weve been hearing some very distressing things about whats coming out of Europe and I want to try to judge how youre doing on the core business with the understanding that you now own Danone and thats going relatively well.
Tim McLevish: Were quite pleased with all of the progress weve made in the International business, particularly the EU has shown good progress from levels it has in the past. We showed solid organic revenue growth and we showed a significant improvement in OI margin. Obviously the LU was a contributor to the reported numbers but even in absence of that we showed a nice profit improvement in the EU. Clearly there are signs that the EU is slowing. Youll have to follow up with Chris after the call as to the specifics. We lay out an EU number but I cant give you a sub-breakout of that.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Ive heard from a number of companies that are competitors of yours or just in the food space and watching from afar and it sounds like your efforts at Wal-Mart in particular are spending something like $120 million on a promotional program trying to maybe have your own aisle. I know its difficult to talk about a specific retailer but it seems like I guess from your numbers that thats been a correct decision. Can you talk a little bit more about your willingness to spend so much on promotion in that channel?
Irene Rosenfeld: Let me be clear, we are not spending so much in promotion in that channel. Clearly the information youre getting is coming from other companies and its an interesting thought but we are spending fortunately in the marketplace and I feel particularly good about our performance with a customer like Wal-Mart because they are a growing retailer, they are well positioned in the current economic environment and our value positioning is working quite well together with them. I feel particularly good as we move forward here that as we see the success of some of those value meal programs other of our customers are jumping on board and particularly with the wall-to-wall capability that we now have at retail I am quite comfortable that we will see continued progress with other key customers as well. I feel very good about the program that we have with Wal-Mart.  We look forward to continuing to build on that success but going forward we have some very exciting programming across the marketplace really driven by the fact that we have so many product and brands that really are fitting uniquely well into the current value space.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: You had anticipated cutting back on your trade promotion spending this year. Has that changed throughout the year whether it be the pricing environment or the competitive environment where youve actually had an increase that level of promotion?
Irene Rosenfeld: Were not giving a specific numbers with respect to the mix of our spending but we remain committed to the opportunities as I mentioned in my remarks of continuing to refine our trade spending to make sure that its much more performance based that its serving the businesses that get the most impact for that spending. As a consequence of that weve been able to make some terrific progress in building our brand equities while still maintaining our volume. I think that will be a program that will continue as we go forward and we are committed to making that shift over time.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Earlier in the year you talked about reducing trade promotions $200 million for this year is that something you can confirm?
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes I can confirm that in fact is in the numbers weve given you today.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Are there any other categories where you anticipate price increases whether you want to discuss which ones they are or not are there any areas where youre still looking to take a little bit of pricing given your current cost environment?
Irene Rosenfeld: As I said earlier obviously our pricing strategies are competitively sensitive. I feel terrific about the brand equities of our core brands as a result of the investments that weve made. We are substantially priced to current market prices today. Importantly I think were well positioned as we go forward here to respond to market condition either up or down.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Relative to your wall-to-wall program can you give any numbers around that what thats adding to sales growth especially if you can define that?
Irene Rosenfeld: At this point weve essentially rolled wall-to-wall out to all the markets that we intend to. We believe it is a key reason that our volumes in North America have held up better than expected. If you look at our North American volume it was down about 1.5% against about 6.5% pricing. I feel awfully good that the merchandising capability that we have at retail is a key driver of that. I truly believe it will continue to be a source of competitive advantage for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: When you talk about volume and pricing is there, I see what youre saying the volume wasnt down as much as you anticipated, is there a balance that you want to have where you can get like 2% to 3% volume and then 3% to 4% pricing? How do you maximize that and where do you think that stands right now?
Irene Rosenfeld: Were in a little bit of a dislocation right now. I think we all understand that the cost environment has been disproportionately high over the course of the last year and a half. I want to remind you our long term growth algorithm is that we will rebuild our brand equity to the point where pricing and productivity will cover costs and we will rely on volume growth and mix to essentially expand margin. Clearly volume growth in the range that youve laid out is part of our long term algorithm. As weve said, in the short term pricing is contributing disproportionately to our revenue growth.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: There is no difference in the margin, what I think about is if you have less volume does that increase your fixed costs in that operation an then does the pricing fully offset that in margins. I guess thats what I was trying to get at. I dont know if you can comment on that.
Irene Rosenfeld: First of all its pricing together with productivity that is meant to offset input costs. The answer is as we look today at market pricing we feel very good about our profile. A key for us still going forward is to ensure that we continue to drive brand equity and drive the growth of our categories.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: With the channel shifting are there any channels that youre under indexed that you think that there might be some extra growth opportunities there? In terms of channel shifting is there any margin compression based on bigger sizes or anything like that we should be aware of?
Irene Rosenfeld: Were well represented across all channels and thats why I think that we are uniquely well positioned to win in the current environment. To the extent that there are different margin profiles from one channel to another thats something that we continue to work on over time so that as the consumer moves from channel to channel thats not impacting our margins. To date that has not been an issue.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: To pick up on one of Kens questions in terms of pricing versus volume clearly as you mentioned this year as expected organic top line is driven primarily by pricing with a much smaller contribution from volume. As we look to calendar 2009 I think its fair to assume that absent the tremendous cost pressures or looking at more moderate cost pressures or even cost relief youre not going to be able to lean on that pricing lever so much. It seems that volume has to play a much larger role in the overall organic top line growth mix.  Im wondering whether you could dimensionalize for us qualitatively at least what some of the drivers that you expect volume growth to be between on the one hand you have a softer consumer environment on the other hand that could play well into some of your category growth, your internal efforts in terms of rebuilding your brand equities and other factors behind that. If you could talk about some of the drivers youre looking at for volume growth next year.
Irene Rosenfeld: One of the reasons I feel particularly confident that within this very challenging environment were well positioned to win is the nature of our portfolio. Weve got a number of categories that are consumer staples and will be relatively consistent regardless of the economic environment. Our geographic footprint is increasingly broad particularly with the addition of the LU biscuit business.  We have a very strong value proposition across our portfolio with brands like Kool-Aid and Macaroni and Cheese and Jell-O. Weve got very good coverage within categories on key price points as we look at individual categories so we cover Maxwell House up to Tassimo and biscuits we cover Biscuits all the way up to Oreo. Weve got very good price coverage within categories to address the fact that we do see some consumers trading down. Importantly we are clearly benefiting as more consumer come home to Kraft, that eating at home and businesses like DiGiorno, like Deli Creations have very strong value propositions relative to away from home alternatives. The other point is that as our wall-to-wall capability continues to improve and we learn more and more about what we need to do to train this army alloys we are an increasingly valued partner to our customers and I think that opportunity will continue to drive our volume particularly in North America. Net net I think theres a number of characteristics about our portfolio as well as our sales capabilities that will enable us to continue to grow within the current environment. As you rightly point out as we look forward the contribution of volume mix to our revenue performance is likely to improve as we exit the exceptionally high input cost environment that weve been dealing with.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: At the level of volume growth that youre looking at for next year is it reasonable to expect to see some material improvement in your operating leverage or fixed cost leverage versus what weve been seeing in 2008?
Tim McLevish: Ill remind you we have guided to 4% organic revenue growth in 2009 and we would expect to see a much better distribution back to our normal long term distribution between volume mix and pricing as we go into next year. Obviously with more volume contribution from it we would expect more leverage contributions to the bottom line from that.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: A lot of people seem to be focused on the three outlets of syndicated data which youve pointed out the results clearly show theres a real disconnect between that and the all outlet data. Do you have any numbers that you could share with us in terms of composite category growth or growth in some of your key categories in all outlets?
Irene Rosenfeld: We dont provide a specific number like that because it actually wouldnt be a meaningful number but what I will tell you is the vast majority of our categories across the board are growing quite healthily. In response to the fact that these are consumer staples that offer exceptional value in the current economic environment. Its one of the reasons that we are optimistic about our prospects going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane  Banc of America.
Bryan Spillane  Banc of America: Thinking about volume drivers for next year given what youve done in terms of pricing and productivity and thinking about that relative to your competitors and especially private label are you now the low cost producer in many of your product categories? If so is that going to help change the way you try to manage volume and share going forward?
Irene Rosenfeld: Obviously our divisions with respect to how to best to manage revenue growth, profit growth and our share performance is going to continue to be important to us as we go forward and well be making the appropriate trade offs category by category. We feel very good about the productivity that weve turned in over the last few years.  I think particularly with our new organizational structure the decentralization is not only making our business unit managers more accountable for productivity but its causing them to look at their business on a end to end basis and thats turning up a whole host of productivity opportunities that we might not have seen in the past. Its one of the reasons I am so optimistic about our prospects going forward. I feel very good about our cost position. We will continue to focus on that as an opportunity to make sure that to enable us to invest appropriately in our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse.
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: The concern I get from investors is about emerging markets and whether they can withstand the global credit crisis and how consumers are going to behave there. A lot of your growth this year has come at 50% run rate in profit growth in emerging markets. What are you doing in those markets to make sure that we dont have a repeat of blow up that weve had in the past I remember 2003 was a very bad year for Latin America. Having been to Russia Ive heard that some retailers are starting to push back and not allow price increases. Can you give us a sense of what youre seeing in those markets?
Irene Rosenfeld: To date were seeing a lot more indications of consumer weakness in the media headlines then weve been seeing in our numbers. Without a doubt we are concerned about the economic environment particularly in developing markets going forward. I feel very good about the focus strategy that weve implemented within our international business. This idea of focusing on the brands, the categories and the markets where we have the highest potential and weve made significant investments and will continue to do so behind the brand equities in those markets. I think that will continue to serve us well even in the event of a slow down. Most importantly as you look at our performance particularly in International weve been growing well in excess of our long term target. Even if these markets soften somewhat I think were well positioned from a portfolio standpoint and we certainly have a little bit of headroom to be able to see those numbers come down a little bit and still deliver the guidance that we laid out for you.
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: Youve kept your guidance for commodity costs unchanged for the year despite the fact that a lot of these commodities have come down a lot. Can I assume that means that you were hedged for the year and therefore theres no impact? As we look into 09 should we expect your commodity inflation headwind to be just much less severe and maybe more like a single digit number than a 13% number?
Tim McLevish: As we look at the remainder of the year were closing in on the end of the year and obviously we do have hedged positions on most of our major commodities. In normal course, according to our natural hedging program the prices have very recently come down and most of those are either already in inventory or have short term hedge positions.  Clearly as we look out into 2009 we wouldnt anticipate the amount of increase that we saw in 2008 in our major commodities so to the degree it will come down well just have to play that out. As of right now we wouldnt anticipate significant increases in commodities. Given the very recent volatility and changes its too early to anticipate what impact it will have on 2009.
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: Is it even conceivable that the number could go to zero?
Tim McLevish: The increase?
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: Yes.
Tim McLevish: I think thats not inconceivable for it. Were not in the business of forecasting those obviously we have to manage those inputs. We have to manage our hedging position and so forth but clearly were at historical 10 year highs on virtually every one of our major commodities and to assume that were going to see significant increases past that is probably a bit of a stretch.
Operator: Your last question comes from Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar  Barclays Capital: To follow up quickly from Robs question, is there a way you can give us sense of how much you either are or are not hedged into 09 at this stage. The reason I ask is it begs the question I think theres an expectation now building in the group as a whole that as we move into 09 if year over year inflation is a lot less substantial perhaps theres a case to be made for margin improvement to really snap back in some cases maybe dramatically in the group. Im trying to get a sense of whether this is really a reasonable expectation in your mind.
Tim McLevish: Let me start with the question of our hedged position. We run as weve said before an ongoing hedging program to protect our margins going out until our ability to price at the end of the day weve communicated to you our algorithm that pricing and productivity will cover costs and that volume will provide overhead leverage and improve our margins. Our normal program would naturally be hedging out some six to nine months on some commodities where we see that we need protection and our view of the pressures upward or downward of those individual commodities. I cant give specifics about how long on specific of the commodities but generally we havent made a change to our hedging program in recent months.
Irene Rosenfeld: I want to underscore again we are not relying on our pricing for margin expansion. We are priced, we feel very comfortable that were priced to market costs right now and we will be able to go with the market up or down but thats not the basis for our ability to expand margin over time.
Tim McLevish: Before we close can I go back to Eric Katzmans question which was EU margins ex LU and ex currency. Ive cleared with our disclosure experts here and can say that ex FX which contributed about 5% of the EU operating income and ex LU we would be in double digits operating income in the EU in the third quarter.
Chris Jakubik: Thanks very much for joining us and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Jakubik - Vice President Investor Relations Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO Tim McLevish - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Terry Bivens  JP Morgan Christine Mccracken  Cleveland Research Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch Todd Duvick - Bank of America Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse David Palmer  UBS
Operator: Welcome to the Kraft Foods second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Id now like to turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Vice President Investor Relations for Kraft.
Chris Jakubik: Thanks for joining us on our conference call. I'm Chris Jakubik, Vice President of Investor Relations. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO, and Tim McLevish, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release was sent our earlier today and is available on our web site, Kraft.com. Also available on our web site are slides that we will refer to during our opening comments. As you know, during this call we may make forward looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today so they contain an element of uncertainty.  Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the company's 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more detailed explanation of the inherent limitations in such forward looking statements. Some of today's prepared comments will exclude those items that affect comparability. These excluded items are captured in the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation within our news release, and they are also available on our web site.  Well begin the call with Irene providing her perspective on our second quarter and our outlook for 2008. Then Tim will highlight our financials and review the results for each of our business segments. After that we'll take your questions. With that, I'll hand it off to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: As most of your have already seen we just reported strong second quarter revenue and earnings growth. There are a few puts and takes in the numbers that Tim will review in a minute. Even excluding those factors we delivered very strong financial performance. More importantly were demonstrating that despite very challenging economic conditions we can and we will cover input costs inflation while building our brand equities and delivery improved financial results. In terms of input costs our new decentralized structure is effectively dealing with an environment of escalating costs while protecting investments for long term growth. This is coming through in two ways. First, our business leaders are reacting faster to changes in the marketplace. This means quickly taking the lead on cost driven price increases.  As we enter Q3 weve had to take additional pricing to offset continued increases in input costs especially grain and dairy. It also means taking decisive actions like cutting inefficient trade spending or giving up unprofitable volume. Although some of these actions may result in near term share loss they are the right thing to do for the long term health of our business. Second, our decentralized structure is also delivery cost savings. Our managers are generating significant manufacturing productivity and theyre hitting their targets for restructuring savings and cash flow. They fully understand that these savings are the key to their ability to continue to make the necessary investments in building their brands while delivering profitable growth. More specifically, in terms of building our brand equities our investments in product quality, marketing and innovation continue to pay off. Were seeing it in several categories including these. Salad dressings where despite a slow start in April our reinvention of this business has led to share gains in each of the last two months. Mainstream coffee, where our restaging of Maxwell House drove over one point of share gain this quarter. Cakesters, which is on its way to $100 million in revenue this year driven by the recent launch of Nilla Cakesters. European chocolate where new products and significantly higher marketing spending behind Milka and Toblerone drove another quarter of double digit growth. In developing markets where Jacobs coffee is the number one coffee in Ukraine. In this difficult economic environment our reframing efforts across the portfolio have further demonstrated the value proposition of our brands. For instance, Mac & Cheese, our icon of value oriented meal solutions grew nearly 20% in the quarter and it delivered its fourth consecutive quarter of market share gains, fueled by our investments in quality and innovation. Oscar Meyer Deli Fresh Cold Cuts remain on fire. Positioned against more expensive deli counter meats they just delivered their 21st consecutive quarter of share and volume growth. Consumers are also finding that our Oscar Meyer Deli-Creations sandwiches represent a significant value compared with take out sandwiches. Theyre highly incremental to our base cold cuts business and are on their way to reaching the $100 million mark. In Pizza where were reframed against pizzeria offerings were growing volume in the mid single digits and our share is up over a point. Weve also reframed our marketing of Jell-O dry packaged deserts and Kool-Aid and Country Time powdered soft drinks. Weve done this by emphasizing their value oriented positions versus higher cost per serving alternatives. As a result were seeing renewed growth in these high margin businesses. Having said that during the quarter our market shares were under pressure for two reasons, first as I mentioned we took out inefficient trade spending to improve the return on our trade investments. We expected this to have a short term share impact particularly in ready to drink beverages and snacks. Second, while weve acted decisively with cost driven pricing actions a number of competitors lagged us. As a result we saw some temporary dislocation that affected both our 13 week and our 52 week market shares. Going forward well continue to invest in our brand equities and in the value positioning of key brands. Well benefit further from product news in core categories like crackers, pourable salad dressings, single serve pizza and cheese. As a result we expect to see our market shares rebound in the back half of the year, which brings me to our financial results. Our business continues to strengthen and performance is exceeding our expectations. In fact, organic revenue and operating income grew in all segments for the first time in many years. On the revenue front our Q2 volume held up well even in the face of our unprecedented pricing actions. As a result of our underlying momentum and the expectation of additional pricing weve raised our guidance for 2008 organic revenue growth to at least 6% from at least 5%. Below the revenue line during the second quarter we booked some gains from hedging activities. However, even excluding these gains were exceeding our expectations while continuing to invest for future growth. For the full year we expect our operating momentum to continue and so weve raise our EPS guidance to at least $1.92 from at least $1.90. In summary, our second quarter results were strong in fact even stronger than we expected and a significant indication that our business continues to gain momentum. Our results despite very challenging economic conditions showed that we can and we are covering input cost inflation while building our brand equities and delivering improved financial results. Now Ill turn the call over to Tim.
Tim McLevish: Please keep in mind that unless otherwise noted my comments will exclude the items affecting comparability that were highlighted in our press release. Lets look at Q2 results starting with revenues. Our Q2 net revenues increased almost 7% on an organic basis. As expected net pricing was a key contributor as we increased prices to cover higher input costs. It was up 7.2 percentage points versus about four points in Q1 and less than two points in all of 2007.  Despite significant pricing were encouraged by our overall volume and mix performance. It held up better than expected reflecting the benefits of our investments in quality, marketing and innovation. However, as anticipated our second quarter volume comparisons were down in some categories. This is especially true in ready to drink beverages, cheese and our spoonable dressings and enhancers businesses. In all of them we took significant cost driven price increases. Near term pricing will remain the primary driver of revenue growth as input costs continue to escalate and volume comparisons will remain difficult. However, well continue to invest behind a strong pipeline of innovations. We expect them to drive solid volume in mix performance in the second half of the year and to set the stage for 2009. Turning to margin performance, our gross margin was up 40 basis points versus Q2 last year. However, this included approximately $150 million of realized and unrealized gains from hedge requirements for future quarters. Excluding these gains gross margins would have been approximately 35%. Weve called out these gains because we see them as a timing issue, effectively pulling cost protection benefit we would have had in the second half into the second quarter.  Early recognition of these gains will result in higher reported cost of goods sold in the second half of the year. While this means our gross margins would have been down 80 basis points year over year it was up 130 basis points over Q1 as the effective improved price realization began to come through. Now Id like to spend a few minutes in input costs and the magnitude of increases were facing in 2008. This chart shows prices by year versus the 10 year average for each of our 11 key commodity inputs. Compared to numbers as recently as April you can see that the prices of many commodities have increased.  To put this in context for Kraft, in Q2 our input costs were up about $400 million over last year. Through the first six months our input costs were up about $800 million. For the full year we now expect them to be up about $2 billion or about 13% over 2007. Thats higher than we anticipated in January or even in April. That means that more than half of the increase will come in the back half of this year. Because of these significant cost pressures weve taken addition pricing actions in Q3. While were pricing to cover costs and grow profits in dollar terms its proving difficult in this environment to grow margin percentages. However, this pricing together with further productivity savings and overhead leverage well still deliver our expected earnings dollars. Despite the challenging cost environment well continue to invest in our growth and well deliver ahead of our previous expectations. Weve raised our guidance accordingly. Turning to Q2 earnings per share, the strong contribution from operations just discussed was partially offset by a few factors below the line. Higher interest expense was a $0.07 headwind versus the prior year. We currently expect interest expense for the year to be roughly $1.3 billion. In addition, a higher year over year tax rate was a $0.03 headwind. Our effective tax rate excluding items was 36.1% in the second quarter. This is higher than our full year forecast due to the timing of several discrete items. However, we continue to expect an average rate of 33.5% for all of 2008 with some variation quarter to quarter depending upon when the anticipated discrete items fall. Finally, the interest and tax headwinds were partially offset by $0.03 from lower shares outstanding. Id note here that between our usual black out for earnings and a black out related to the Post transaction we were prevented from repurchasing any shares during the quarter. However, we still expect complete our share repurchase authorization before it expires in March of 2009. Ill take a few minutes now to share some highlights of our business segment results. Ill start with US Beverages where organic revenues grew at 3.4%. Ready to drink beverages, powdered beverages and coffee all contributed to growth in the quarter. In Ready to drink a big factor was our successful effort to reduce inefficient trade spending on Capri Sun. In Q2 revenue is up in the mid-single digit range and profitability improved significantly. At the same time volume was down. As we discussed last quarter the heavy nature of Ready to drink beverages weighed on the volume performance of our entire US Beverage business. This quarter is was a nine percentage point drag on volume. Excluding Ready to drink our beverage segment volume was up 4.6%. In coffee our investments to restage the business are paying off.  We posted double digit growth in both Maxwell House and Tassimo. Maxwell House drove a market share gain in the mainstream segment for the second quarter in a row. Our new Starbucks branded tea disks produced revenue growth of more than 30% in our premium on demand Tassimo platform. During the quarter powder beverages also delivered solid growth.  This is driven by double digit volume gains in Kool-Aid and Country Time as weve improved our marketing and as consumers seek lower cost alternatives to soft drinks. At the profit line Beverages operating income grew 6% and margin increased 100 basis points. Here the benefits from cost driven price increases especially in Ready to drink beverages more than offset higher input costs. In US Cheese organic revenues were up 10%, this is due entirely to price increases in response to higher dairy costs. Compared to a year ago list prices are up 6% to 33% across our cheese categories with the largest in Natural cheese. Overall volume mix in cheese was down about 5% versus the prior year. Innovation such as Bagel-fuls, Singles Select and Live Active continue to deliver solid benefits in both volume and mix.  However, this was offset by volume weakness particularly in Natural cheese and culture products, as consumers continue to adjust to higher absolute price points. We also showed on profitable volume as private label ran some deep discounts during the quarter. During Q2 we announced further pricing actions covering 90% of the portfolio. We expect this pricing to pressure volume comparisons in the near term, however as we continue to invest in innovation well see further growth for Bagel-fuls which is running well ahead of trial and repeat expectations and well complete the launch of our 2% milk RBST free cheese products in the second half of the year. Going forward we expect solid revenue growth to continue. Turning to operating income, it was up 7.3% versus Q2 2007. Pricing and lower overhead expenses more than offset the impact of higher input costs and lower volume. Consistent with our guidance our cheese margin was up again sequentially from the prior quarter, 13.6% versus 12.9% in Q1. As gains from innovation and price realization continue we expect further sequential improvement in operating margins. Moving on to US Convenient meals, our team delivered another quarter of strong performance. Our investments in quality, base marketing and new products drove 7.6% organic revenue growth with 5.1 points due to volume and mix gains. In Oscar Meyer the strength of our Deli-Fresh Cold Cuts platform continued with strong double digit revenue growth and about two points of share gain in the overall Cold Cuts category. Our Deli Creations sandwiches also grew strongly in Q2 driven by the new flat bread breads line. This is proving to be higher incremental to our base business. Finally, strong volume growth in Pizza continued. Not only from our base DiGiorno and California Pizza Kitchen offerings but also from the roll out of our new line of single serve offerings under the For One banner. This drove more than a point of market share gain in frozen pizza during the quarter.  At the operating income line we grew roughly 3% versus the prior year. Here our strong growth was partly offset by two factors. The launch cost of our Pizza For One initiative and price increases lagging higher costs particularly cheese. As we move forward we expect our year over year profit performance to improve as well. On to US Grocery where organic net revenues were up 4.5% and operating income grew 30 basis points. Here our investments to contemporize the portfolio are paying off. Two of our early investments Jell-O and Mac & Cheese again delivered a combination of pricing, market share gains and higher operating income margins in the quarter. Both categories are benefiting from the current economic environment as consumers search for value oriented meal solutions. Our pourable salad dressing investment is contributing to the improvement as well. The launch of our new line of Kraft Pure salad dressings led to strong volume growth in the quarter. This came despite considerable cost driven price increases. These gains were partially offset by declines in other parts of the business including enhancers like barbeque sauce and spoonable dressings as pricing actions led to volume declines. Overall were encouraged by the progress were making to grow our high margin grocery portfolio. In the third quarter we expect to gain even more attraction from our investments which will lead to continued growth in the second half. Looking at US Snacks & Cereals, organic net revenues were up 5.1% in Q2 that was entirely due to pricing. At the category level solid gains in biscuits and pricing in nuts were partially offset by a decline in snack bars. In biscuits 100 calorie pack cookies and crackers were up a double digit rate again as the momentum from that platform continues. The addition of Nilla Cakesters and the ongoing growth of Oreo Cakesters pushed the Cakesters platform further toward the $100 million mark. Investments in product quality and marketing led to strong growth in three of our five largest brands, Oreo, Chips Ahoy, and Ritz. However, our overall performance in crackers was weak in the quarter for two reasons both related to timing. One was the fact that our key cracker competitors lagged our price increases resulting in larger than normal price gaps during the quarter.  Second, the product news and marketing programs for two of our cracker brands Triscuit and Wheat Thins are more back half weighted. Going forward we expect our cracker performance to improve and lead to even better biscuit performance in the second half. Turning to snack bars our business was down significantly in the quarter. This is mainly due to the timing of new product announcements as well as our rationalizing SKUs. However, the trend should improve in the second half as we invest in quality upgrades and marketing. At the operating income line strong growth and margin gains were offset by a $50 million realized gain from hedging activity. Excluding this factor, operating income was down approximately 8%.  Price increases and cutting inefficient trade spending were offset by three things, higher input costs, unfavorable product mix from lower cracker volume and higher marketing and overhead costs. Going forward the realized gain in this quarter will essentially be given back in the form of higher input costs flowing through our P&L in Q3 and Q4. None the less, we will continue to invest in innovation and base brand support and we expect our snacks business to deliver mid-single digit profit growth for the full year. Finally, its noteworthy that our Cereal business grew in the quarter despite difficult comparisons with the re-launch of our Kids Cereal business in Q2 last year and significant pricing this year. Top line growth in the quarter was driven by both pricing and ongoing growth of the Honey Bunches of Oats adult cereal business. We remain on track to complete the transaction to exit our Post Cereal business in the coming weeks.  Turning to Canada & North America Foodservice organic net revenue growth was up 4.4% versus last year. We had another solid quarter in Canada. It was driven by strong volume and share growth from increased investments in marketing and innovation across all categories. The implementation of improved customer plans as we leveraged our scale with the reestablishment of Canada as a stand alone business. In North America Foodservice growth came from a combination of pricing and to a lesser extent volume. The effects of lower consumer restaurant traffic were offset by strong response to our quality improvements and innovation. At the operating income line margin was up 290 basis points, top line growth manufacturing efficiencies and overhead cost leverage more than offset higher input costs. Going forward both Canada and Foodservice will benefit from announced price increases to cover significant commodity cost increases. Volumes may soften in the near term but given the base business gains from marketing and innovation we expect solid year over year margin improvement to continue in the second half. Now Ill turn to our International business where we continue to show good organic growth by focusing our investments in our core brands, core categories and in key markets. In the EU this resulted in 3.4% organic revenue growth. We delivered double digit growth in Chocolate from the ongoing success of our investments behind core brands Milka, Toblerone and Cote dOr. Cheese also grew at double digit rate from both pricing and improved marketing behind Philadelphia. In Coffee revenue declined slightly this is due to pricing related volume weakness in our roast and ground business and it offset the growth for realizing for investments to trade consumers up to our on demand and soluble coffee offerings. At the profit line in line with our forecast EU operating margins declined slightly versus last year but they improve sequentially from Q1. Versus prior year pricing and favorable product mix were offset by higher input costs. Going forward as our price realization and product mix further improve and the benefits of integrating the LU biscuit business come to fruition we expect our EU margins to show year over year improvement. In Developing Markets we had organic growth of 17% it was driven by solid volume and mix gains despite more than 12 points of pricing. Were continuing to see payoff from our focus on and investments in core categories, core brands and key markets. Heres what drove Q2 growth, Jacobs Coffee in Ukraine and Milka and Alpen Gold chocolates in Russia. Further gains from Club Social and Oreo Biscuits in Latin America and consumption and distribution gains in our Asia/Pacific region particularly Oreo in China. At the operating income line margin was up 170 basis points. This resulted from a combination of top line growth and the acquisition of the LU biscuit business. It more than offset input costs and investments in marketing and distribution infrastructure. Looking forward with input costs continuing to be a challenge as consumers adjust to higher prices our profit margin in the second half should remain stable year over year. Finally before we take your questions a few notes on cash flow. Capital expenditures through six months were $590 million. Thats up from $506 million through six months last year but on pace to spend just over 3% of net revenue for the year. Id also note that we continue to make solid progress on our working capital program despite the rise in input costs. Our cash conversion cycle is reduced by two days versus the second quarter last year. To summarize, weve had a strong first half and we remain confident that our strengthening brand equity, our investments and cost reductions well maintain our operating momentum, increase margins over time and deliver a raised guidance of at least $1.92 per share x items in 2008. Now wed be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: I just wanted to hear a little bit about two things, one in several categories you mentioned that the competitors had lagged on pricing is that something youre worried about on a go forward basis or have those competitors already put those price increases through now?
Irene Rosenfeld: I think were starting to see those gaps narrow and in fact if you look at our market shares were starting to see even through the data in June the last five weeks our shares are improving sequentially relative to the April/May period. I think everybody is dealing with the same input cost situation and youre gradually seeing the entire market respond to that situation.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Since youve had to implement another round of price increases in the third quarter are we set up for another quarter of lagging price increases? Are we going to see the same dynamic in the third quarter?
Irene Rosenfeld: No, I think as you look across the landscape everybody is dealing with the same input costs and I think theyre all coming to understand that this isnt going away any time soon. The actions that were seeing in the marketplace as I said is that most of our price gaps are narrowing and I think a number of other companies are looking out to Q3 the same way that we are.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: In other words there will be a little bit more of a catch up from a competitor perspective in Q3 relative to the actions youre going to take is that a fair statement?
Irene Rosenfeld: We believe so yes.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: From a volume perspective, volume was only down 1% in the quarter despite all the pricing. How do you see volume trending for the rest of the year especially because youre taking another set of price increases?
Irene Rosenfeld: I have to tell you Q2 held up better than we had expected and feel quite good about that. I think the investments that weve made in our brands are certainly paying off and the fact that we have a number of brands in the portfolio that play well in the current environment from a value perspective. As we go forward though we are heading into some un-chartered territory as additional pricing actions hit the marketplace. We have to see how it will play out but I think we are well staged to be able to weather the storm.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Would you care to give us any idea of what type of volume youd be pleased with in the back half of the year?
Irene Rosenfeld: Im not going to give you a specific volume forecast but what I will tell you is that we did say that our year over year performance would improve in the second half and it will.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: On market share youve traditionally said that youre goal is to grow share I believe even greater than 60% of categories it sounds like you fell below that goal in the quarter and I dont know if youre backing away from that in the near term just because of the pricing dynamics, any comments related to market share goals would be helpful.
Irene Rosenfeld: Were clearly disappointed by our share performance this quarter but were certainly not surprised given the significant pricing out in the marketplace and the fact that as weve said a number of our key competitors lagged our actions as well as there was a couple of cases of some deep retailer discounting that we chose not to chase. As I said, the good news is that these price gaps are starting to narrow. Were seeing sequential improvement in our shares and I expect that we will gain or hold share in the majority of our revenue in the back half.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens  JP Morgan.
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: In terms of the dimension of the hedging offset in the back half temp can we assume thats roughly equal to what it was in the second quarter?
Tim McLevish: Yes, we experienced about $150 million in total of recognition of mark to market hedge gains in the second quarter that essentially will be offsetting in the back half of the year. Its spread between the third and fourth quarter a little bit more heavily on the third quarter.
Chris Jakubik: As Tim was talking about in his opening comments our costs are expected to be up about $2 billion from a P&L perspective you had about $800 million flow through in the first half so the second half is going to be a little heavier.
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: On the Salad dressings I think the performance there surprised us a little bit according to the data we were looking at. Could you give us a little more color there, do you think there was a pipeline fill element to that or if you could add a little color as to the market dynamics on that one.
Irene Rosenfeld: Im not sure in which way it surprised you. I will tell you were quite encouraged by the results of our reinvention of that business. We did have a tough April as I said but we gained share in May and June really for the first time in a long time. We expect to gain share as the year progresses.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Mccracken  Cleveland Research.
Christine Mccracken  Cleveland Research: On your outlook for commodity costs for the second half youd obviously mentioned that youre expecting costs to go up but there are a number of areas specifically dairy and pork that look like at this point theyre going to be a little beneficial to you in the second half given whats happening right now. Is that playing into your increased guidance at all and maybe you could talk given the magnitude of those two specific areas to your portfolio.
Tim McLevish: Were very confident in our ability with the strengthening of our brands to match cost increases through pricing and productivity and were committed to that. Overall were seeing considerable commodity costs increases. There are a couple of offsets Im not sure whats going to happen in dairy. Pork seems to see a little bit of a come off but it looks like it tipping back up again. Our expectations you can see from the futures markets what is expected. We are hedged across a good deal of our portfolio for the second half of the year. So were just going to deal with the cost situation through pricing and productivity as we go forward through the second half of the year.
Christine Mccracken  Cleveland Research: As costs decline do you get any pricing, do you adjust your pricing, and youve done that in Coffee now as costs came down. Is that something you look at in cheese or in cold cuts?
Tim McLevish: Clearly we have to look at the competitive situation, thats the primary driver. As costs go up and costs go down and the marketplace adjusts accordingly we have to respond.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Advertising spending or brand support how did that trend this quarter. I dont know how the comps were year on year could you give us any clarity into that?
Irene Rosenfeld: Our spending was up in the quarter and it will be on the year as weve said I feel very good about our ability to continue to make the necessary adjustments in the brands even in the face of the challenging cost environment. You will see our spending up both, you did see it in the quarter and youll see it up for the full year.
Tim McLevish: Spending in dollar terms clearly is up as we continue to invest in our brands. On a percentage basis with very high increase in pricing and therefore revenue youll see that the percentage is not up quite as much as we had expected but up none the less.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: On the Europe Union seems to me that the LU business was a 16% margin business I think last year. Obviously Europe was in single digits on a recurring basis last year. Are you expected a couple hundred million in cost synergies and yet were still seeing the margins drift away for the six months after that acquisition was completed. Can you talk about how the integration process is proceeding and how you expect the margins to develop in the EU going forward as you start to realize those cost synergies?
Irene Rosenfeld: The LU business has turned out to be everything we thought it would be and in fact more. The business is growing strongly. If we look at the like to like growth we see it up 6% in the EU and up about 27% in Developing markets. We are on track to deliver all the savings that we forecast. Im even more confident today that it will be significant platform for our future growth and in fact for the profitability of our International business in general and for the EU in particular.  We certainly continue to expect it to be accretive in 2008. Some of those margin impacts are related to the significant pricing thats going on a number of those businesses in response to input costs.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: If I look at the contribution on the top line for mix up 0.7% I know that its been saying that 2%, 3% or even 4% range over the last two years or so. Im curious if theres anything that happened in mix specifically in the quarter or is that something that were likely to see at a somewhat slower pace than we have as obviously the pricing piece really ramps up.
Irene Rosenfeld: I think what youre seeing is just the temporary dislocation driven by the pricing impact and we expect that mix going forward will continue to play an important role but as Tim said for the balance of this year the major factor driving our revenue will in fact be pricing.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: Is there any way to think about what overall corporate volume was x the 9% decline in Ready to drink I know the weight of that product impacts the overall volume number pretty dramatically.
Irene Rosenfeld: Its about flat x Ready to drink.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: On take away is there any way to gauge we only have what we have in terms of data, IRI, Nielsen, etc. which I know is limited in a lot of ways. Obviously looking at the big difference between what weve seen over the past quarter in terms of volume for Kraft versus the volume that you posted is that merely just what were seeing in terms of trade down, in terms of channel shift and such. Any comments you have on helping reconcile that would be helpful.
Tim McLevish: Its hard to say what exactly is going on. Youre seeing lots of dynamics in the marketplace with lots of pricing. That has had some volume impact there may be in some new categories where were introducing and building a little bit of the pipeline but again were encouraged as we go into the third quarter that were feeling strong about our brands, well continue to realize the pricing and think we can pass that through.  Were obviously dealing with very difficult economic conditions but again were covering our input costs, building our brand equities and were committed to deliver the financial results that we have identified.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: You have $150 million of hedging $78 million out of Corporate, $50 million out of the Snacks, where are the other $22 million come out of?
Tim McLevish: The other $22 million is really spread across the rest of the segments. The $50 million that you identified is specifically in Snacks and we called that out because of the significant magnitude of it. The rest of it is spread and thats probably about proportional to what we usually see in any given quarter. The reason we called it out this quarter is because of the magnitude of it. Any given quarter we always have some realized gains in the results.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: In terms of private label can you talk about your trends relative to private label and how you are positioning yourself for the future relative to private label given the potential trade down in some of your more important categories?
Irene Rosenfeld: I think theres no question that were seeing our investments paying off. We are experiencing some temporary dislocation in a couple of categories due to the significant pricing actions that weve taken in response to costs. As weve said, private label lagged in a couple of these categories and in some cases we actually saw them doing some deep discounting in the face of the high cost environment. In fact, I think youre seeing some retailers reporting lower margins due to some of their pricing activities. In addition, in a couple of our categories weve chosen not to chase unprofitable volume in the short term. Its a number of factors that are contributing I feel very good though about our ability to continue to grow share in the current environment and as I said earlier the good news is that our price gaps are starting to narrow and we are seeing sequential improvement in the five week shares through June and we do expect to gain or hold share in a majority of all the categories in the back half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney  Wachovia.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia: I wanted to follow up on Andrews question about mix a little bit when you dig into this. By the way thank you for this mix disclosure, I think this is excellent. When you look at the different segments despite whether you took really substantial pricing or not in these different segments you did see a deceleration in that. I wonder if its possible is there any impact in there away from just sticker shock that consumers are maybe looking for less expensive ways to buy Kraft foods within these categories. Could that be sort of going on across the grocery store?
Irene Rosenfeld: Its hard to say. I do think that some of what were seeing is just the mathematical impact of whats happening on the volume front and therefore mix becomes less of a factor in a number of our core categories. I remain very comfortable that the investments that we have made in quality and marketing and innovation in each of our core categories will continue to fully our brands and enable us to maintain our strong shares in our core categories.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia: When you think about volumes being flat it would seem to me that the data Ive seen take home food volumes are up a little bit ahead of population for the second quarter up 2% to 3%. Do you think youre with your current category spread if you werent taking price in this quarter should you be at a volume growth thats in line with 2% to 3%?
Irene Rosenfeld: Without a doubt, no question that we have seen tremendous strength in our base businesses as a result of the investments that weve made. Most important I think the results are showing that despite the challenging economic conditions were able to cover input costs while still building our brands and staging them for the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: I want to come back the volume question. Our Nielsen data had unit volumes down something on the magnitude of 6% you reported down 1% for the full company. Can you give us a little bit more color on the channel splits, how are these non-measured channels performing? Are the numbers at double digit? What color can you give us here?
Irene Rosenfeld: They are fabulous. Theres no question that some of the volume difference that youre seeing is due to the channel shift. Were having a tremendous quarter and year with Wal-Mart and we believe that the outlook there continues to be strong as our brands and our value positioning is exceptionally well aligned with where theyre going for their shoppers.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Is there any delay affect here on how the pricing affects volumes as you report them, meaning do volumes in the quarter reflect the largest impact from higher pricing or would we really see that next quarter?
Irene Rosenfeld: Its hard to say, as we said, were taking additional pricing. Certainly the pricing that we took so far through Q2 most of that is reflected in the numbers that you see. Q3 will continue to be a challenge. We make no bones about that. There are a number of factors that work. We start with the fact that we are taking some additional pricing in response to continued escalation in costs. In some of our categories were in some un-chartered territory. At the same time well also see the reversal of our commodity hedging gains in the third quarter. I continue to be encouraged by the volume performance to date and as I look at the programming and the innovation pipeline that weve got in the back half of the year Im quite confident that we will be able to weather the storm. As we said, we expect to gain or hold share in the majority of our revenue in the back half of the year.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Can you run us through your eight division lines and tell us what those price increase were by division? It doesnt have to be exact but I want to get a sense of magnitude. I think you said in the prepared comments that 90% of the portfolio had announced price increase in the second quarter.
Tim McLevish: We announced price increases over much of our portfolio in the last quarter and last several months. Much of it is already in the marketplace. Some of it is announced but is not effective yet at retail. I cant go through the specifics of each of the businesses and the categories. Perhaps we can talk offline and Chris will share some of that with you if youre interested.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: It looks like through the first half your organic top line growth was up about 7.5% and for the full year youre guiding to at least 6%. I realize 7.5% is greater than 6% but it would seem that youre looking for some slow down in organic revenue growth in the second half. Im just wondering, how much of that is related to the tougher comps as pricing started to accelerate in the second half of last year versus this additional pricing youre taking, maybe some conservatism around the volume outlook. Any color you can give on that would be helpful.
Irene Rosenfeld: I think its all of the above actually. I come back to the fact that as weve said, Q2 volumes held up better than we had expected. We have announced some pricing that hasnt yet hit the marketplace and we are contemplating some additional pricing and its a challenging environment obviously that has both positives and negatives for our business. The fact that people are eating at home more is certainly a positive. The fact that they continue to look for value, weve got to make sure that our brands are delivering that value. Most importantly through I feel really confident that our investments in quality and marketing innovation will keep the brands strong and enable us to improve our year over year performance in the second half despite the pricing that were seeing.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: You mentioned some exciting programming in new products for the second half; you already mentioned that there would be some. Could you briefly run down what some of those large needle moving things could be?
Irene Rosenfeld: Some of the biggest needle movers are some of the items that we just launched that will play through in a much bigger way in the second half. For example the Pure Salad Dressing re-launch will play through. Our Bagel-fuls products are now fully at retail and weve started to advertise them, our Pizza For One. We also have a number of new items. As weve mentioned weve got our Natural 2% cheese coming out as a hormone free product were the first national brand to do that. We expect that to be a strong item. Weve got 100 calorie Oreo Snack Cakes. If you look at each of our categories we have a number of items coming out in the back half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Duvick - Bank of America.
Todd Duvick - Bank of America: With respect to the transaction spinning off of Post can you confirm that youre still planning to see about $900 million of debt travel with that transaction?
Tim McLevish: Yes, thats correct. As you know, we made a tender offer for split transaction that should be priced actually later on this week. Were expecting closing of the transaction in the coming weeks and yes there is a little over $900 million of debt thats expected to come with it.
Todd Duvick - Bank of America: With respect to terming out debt in the capital markets youve made a lot of progress over the last year. You do have a $750 million note that matures in October but it seems youve got plenty of availability with your credit facility to refinance that with short term debt. Do you expect to tap the debt capital markets again this year?
Tim McLevish: Youre right we have about $700 million maturing in September. As we get closer to that well communicate what our intent is to do with regard to terming out.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: The first one is relative to the questions earlier about private label. Im curious as I look at some of the categories where you did see a decelerating trend in market share. Can you say whether private label was the beneficiary of that? Was that where youre seeing the share go or is it really category by category?
Irene Rosenfeld: It really varies category by category. What Im most encouraged by is the fact that we are seeing those price gaps narrow. Weve got very strong marketing programs and A&C investment behind our brands and I am confident that we will gain or own share in a majority of the revenue in the back half of the year.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Another clarification point on the increase in marketing youve talked earlier in the year about a 50 basis point increase in marketing as you define it and that would be around $200 million. Is the dollar number still a good number to use for the year but percentages are changing because of the increased sales growth?
Tim McLevish: Directionally thats correct. We cant say precisely but directionally $200 million would be a good number.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: The share repurchase does that restart after the Post transaction closes, is that right?
Tim McLevish: We will go back into open market conditions after the Post transaction closes, thats correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse.
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: Not to pick on one division because I thought the numbers showed overall some improvement but Snacks & Cereals it sounded like you were a little disappointed in the second quarter results because your competitors didnt take the pricing that you took right away. I thought I heard in your guidance that you think that the full year would be up mid-single digits in profits and I think youre down in the first half even with a $50 million benefit on the mark to market hedging and thats going to reverse. Doesnt that require a pretty radical improvement in the back half in order to meet that guidance for the year?
Irene Rosenfeld: Actually we did see sequential improvement from Q1 in our margins even if we exclude the hedge gain. As we said, we expect the full 2008 margins to be flat with 2007. We have enormous strength in our top five core brands, Oreo, Chips Ahoy, Ritz, Triscuit and Wheat Thins. Some of those businesses have significant programming that will hit in the back half of the year. Thats what makes us confident that we will be able to deliver that margin performance.
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: Did I misunderstand the guidance so you think that the margin will be flat for the year what does that mean?
Irene Rosenfeld: The profit will be up; again we have this denominator effect due to the significant pricing that weve taken. The profit dollars will be up.
Tim McLevish: Were expecting margins to be comparable to last year which obviously can reflect improved profit dollars with a higher pricing driven revenue. Well see margins hold about flat.
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: Does that guidance exclude the Cereal business or include the Cereal business?
Tim McLevish: It included the Cereal business at this point. Once we complete the transaction well update the numbers and give you more clarity on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer  UBS.
David Palmer  UBS: How you do feel about energy related versus agriculture related inflation as you head into 09? In particular I wonder if it becomes more difficult pricing conversations saying youre going to increase price on your products do those sort of costs, energy and packaging related in particular, or do your customers not really care about where youre seeing the pressure and just think about these pressures equally?
Irene Rosenfeld: The reality is that its certainly easier to price for agricultural increases but the facts are theyre quite interrelated as you know right now and we anticipate that they will continue to be so into the future. I think the best thing that we can do is to make sure that were able to add value to our categories and price our businesses closer to the marketplace and thats what weve been engaged in. I feel very comfortable that despite the challenging economic conditions we will continue to be able to cover input costs inflation while building brand equities and delivering solid financial performance.
David Palmer  UBS: Next question related to channel growth, if we assume that youre inventory levels didnt really change it does seem like your volume trends accelerated in unmeasured channels. Can you give us color on that, are you seeing evidence of channel switching or are your share trends improving in these unmeasured channels.
Irene Rosenfeld: Its both and its what I said earlier. We have a very strong relationship with all of our customers. We certainly are seeing some channel shift and we have a lot of confidence that the value positioning of our brands is playing quite well in customers like Wal-Mart. That is a key piece of our stronger volume performance and we anticipate that that will continue for the balance of the year.
Operator: Your last question comes from Terry Bivens  JP Morgan.
Terry Bivens  JP Morgan: As we near the split off, have you guys changed your general guidance on the dilution?
Tim McLevish: No we have not. Later on this week well be pricing that and that can have some impact but at this point were not changing any guidance on our expectations of the impact on dilution.
Operator: I would like to hand the floor back to Chris Jakubik for any further or closing remarks.
Chris Jakubik: Thanks everyone for joining us today. For those people in the media who have further questions Mike Mitchell will be available to take your calls. For any analysts and investors who have further questions Ill be around all day. Thanks very much for joining us and well speak to you soon.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Kraft Foods First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) Id now like to turn the call over to Mr. Chris Jakubik, Vice President Investor Relations for Kraft.
Chris Jakubik: Good morning, and thanks for joining us on our conference call. I'm Chris Jakubik, Vice President of Investor Relations. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO, and Tim McLevish, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release was sent our earlier today and is available on our web site, Kraft.com. Also available on our web site are slides that we will refer to during our opening comments. As you know, during this call we may make forward looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today so they contain an element of uncertainty. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the company's 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more detailed explanation of the inherent limitations in such forward looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks will exclude those items that affect comparability. These excluded items are captured in our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation within our news release, and they are also available on our web site. Also, please refer to the Form 8-K that we filed on April 11th for a discussion of the changes weve made to our reportable business segment. Well begin the call with Irene providing her perspective on our first quarter and outlook for 2008. Then Tim will highlight our financials and review the results for each of our business segments. After that we'll take your questions. With that, I'll hand it off to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld: Good morning everyone. In February, at CAGNY I said that our turnaround plan would allow us to deal with the near term input costs environment while continuing to lay the foundation for reliable long term growth. Our first quarter results represent further tangible evidence that were on track. Our brands got stronger, our market share increased, our investments continue to pay off, and our margins improved sequentially from the fourth quarter. As a result, Im even more confident that we will deliver our 2008 EPS commitments. In terms of brand strength we said that in 2008 our growing brand equity would enable greater pricing power and it has. In the first quarter pricing contributed more than four points of revenue growth versus only two points in the fourth quarter and one point six points for all of 2007. As the year unfolds we expect the pricing component of our organic growth to increase further as we take additional pricing actions across our categories to cover rising input costs. As a result, weve raised our guidance for 2008 organic revenue growth to at least 5% from at least 4%. More importantly we continue to gain market share in categories where we have increased prices which is a testament to the improved strength of our brands. On a 13 week basis we saw continued progress with 56% of our business growing or holding share. Thats up from 50% in Q4. Indeed our ability to increase prices and gain market share is proof positive that our investments are paying off. In the past Ive talked about the impact of our investments in quality, innovation, and marketing on the improved share performance of key products. These include Oscar Mayer Deli Fresh Cold Cuts, DiGiorno Pizza, Kraft Mac & Cheese, Jell-O, Oreo, Milka Chocolate, and Jacobs Coffee. Im delighted to add some new businesses to that list. In Q1 our quality and marketing investments to restage Maxwell House led to our first quarterly market share gains in mainstream coffee in more than two years. In Process Cheese the introduction of Single Select helped to turn around our market share. Planters gained share in Snack Nuts fueled by more effective marketing and a higher level of support. Going forward well continue to invest behind key brands and as the year progresses we expect to add two other large US businesses Pourable Salad Dressings and Crackers to our list of categories gaining share. When this happens we will have invested to improve the performance of our largest North American businesses and set the stage for the portfolio to deliver reliable, profitable growth. In addition to our strong share performance our Biscuit acquisition from Danone is paying off as well. The integration is on track, financial performance is on plan. Were successfully launching new better for you products like Petit Dejuener with active yogurt cultures and weve expanded Oreo distribution into Greece and the UK which will act as a spring board to launch our broader biscuit portfolio in those markets later in the year. As a result we are even more confident that Biscuits will be a significant platform for the future growth and profitability of our international business. Overall our top line and market share trends are strong and getting stronger and that brings me to margin. In January we told you that our margins would improve sequentially from Q4 and they have. In Q1 we did a much better job of covering higher input costs through pricing and productivity. Gross margin improved sequentially from Q4 from 31.2% to 33.7%. Operating margin improved sequentially as well highlighted by a solid rebound in our US Cheese margin which was up 6 percentage points to 13%. We also said that our first half margin and earnings comparisons with the prior year would be difficult and they were. Thats because the full effect of our price increases lagged higher input costs particularly in the EU and in our Cheese and our Snacks businesses in the US. Going forward while year over year comparisons will remain difficult in Q2 we expect further sequential improvement in both gross and operating income margins. Thats because price increases and productivity improvements will fully cover commodity costs. Well drive further gains from a more efficient cost structure. Most importantly we expect improved margins to be driven by sequential gains in the hardest hit businesses, the EU, US Cheese and US Snacks. In sum, Im encouraged that in the first quarter we saw further evidence that our turn around plan is working. Its offsetting near term input cost increases while continuing to lay the foundation for reliable long term growth. As we enter Q2 we have taken and will be taking additional pricing actions to offset continued increases in input costs. Consequently volume comparisons will remain difficult and possibly worsen but we expect to see continued strong revenue growth. The combination of four things; improved price realization, better manufacturing productivity, increased investments in marketing and innovation, and overhead cost leverage will ensure delivery of our 2008 financial targets. Now Ill turn the call over to Tim.
Tim McLevish: Before I begin please keep in mind that unless otherwise noted my comments will exclude items affecting comparability that were highlighted in our press release. Ill start by picking up on Irenes comments that our business fundamentals are strengthening despite this challenging input cost environment. Were getting better price realization and will improve further. Our investments are paying off and while our near term volumes may soften in a number of businesses we have seen and expect to see further sequential improvement in our profit margin. Now lets look at Q1 results starting with revenues. Our Q1 net revenues increased 8% on an organic basis. Net pricing made a larger contribution as we began to recover a greater portion of input cost increases. It was up 4.3 percentage points versus 2% in Q4 last year, as the impact of pricing taken over the past six months is realized. Despite significant pricing we are encouraged by our overall volume performance as it reflects our investments in quality, innovation, and marketing. In Q1 this is particularly true in key businesses like Convenient Meals, Mainstream Coffee, and Mac & Cheese. However, as anticipated our first quarter volume comparisons were difficult. This is particularly evident in Ready to Drive Beverages, Cheese, and our Dressings and Enhancers businesses, as we significantly raised prices to offset cost inflation. Looking forward, in the near term price increases will continue to drive revenue growth and volume comparison will remain difficult. However, we have a strong pipeline of innovations and investments that should translate into improving volume performance in the second half of the year. Turning to margin performance, our gross margin was down 190 basis points versus Q1 last year, however it was up 250 basis points over Q4 as the effects of improved pricing realization began to show. As our price realization improves further and productivity gains continue we expect to see sequential improvement in our gross margin in Q2. Below gross margin our cost reduction programs drove lower overhead as a percentage of sales. Looking forward we anticipate that operating income margins will improve from first quarter levels. We will continue to invest in our growth; we expect A&C will be up double digits in 2008. As a result, while Q2 operating margin and earnings comparisons versus the prior year will again be under pressure they will continue to improve sequentially. Now Id like to spend a few minutes on input costs and the magnitude of increases were facing in 2008. This chart shows commodity prices in each year versus the 10 year average for each of our 11 largest commodity inputs. Comparison numbers as recently as January you can see that the prices of many commodities have increased further. To put this in context for Kraft, for the quarter our input costs were up about $460 million over last year. We now expect them to be up almost $1.7 billion or about 12% for the year. Thats higher than we anticipated in January and greater than the $1.3 billion increase we saw in 2007. Because of this we have taken and are taking additional pricing actions. This pricing together with further overhead leverage will deliver operating margin expansion in 2008 although more modestly than we had originally anticipated. Said another way, we expect our actions to deliver our expected earnings dollars but there will be greater pressure on margins as we take additional pricing actions to cover these costs. Turning to Q1 earnings per share, having discussed the contribution from operations already just a few comments on what happened below the line. Higher interest expense was a $0.06 headwind versus the prior year. This is partially offset by $0.03 from lower shares outstanding and $0.01 from a lower tax rate. Our effective tax rate excluding items was 30.4% in the quarter. This is lower than our full year rate due to the timing of several discrete items. We continue to expect an average rate of 33.5% for all of 2008 with some variation quarter to quarter depending upon when the anticipated discrete items fall. Ill now take a few minutes to share some highlights of our business segments. Ill start with US Beverages where organic net revenues grew 2.4%. Two factors drove revenue results in the quarter. The first is coffee where investments to restage the business are paying off nicely. Maxwell House volume grew double digits and we gained share in the mainstream segment for the first time in many years. Also our new Starbucks branded tea disk drove strong double digit revenue growth of our Tassimo platform. The second big factor in the quarter was our Ready to Drink Beverage business. In Q1 we significantly reduced trade spending on Capri Sun to cover higher input costs. We accomplished our goal and profitability improved while revenue declined in the mid single digit range as we had anticipated. However, I would note that the effect of this action on our volume and product mix was amplified. Amplified because our volume metric is pound based and the fact that a Ready to Drink product is six times heavier per revenue dollar than the rest of our US portfolio. As a result our Ready to Drink Beverages literally weighed in the volume performance of the entire US Beverage business due to the tune of about 17 percentage points. Excluding Ready to Drink our Beverage volume was up more than 4%. At the same time the volume impact was largely offset by an upgrade to product mix for the Beverage segment. While this will remain a feature in our second quarter results we expect the impact to be less pronounced. Thats because we back stopped the pricing with a reformulated product containing 25% less sugar and a new advertising campaign. At the profit line Beverages operating income grew 7% and margin increased 140 basis points. Here the benefits from our improved price realization particularly in Ready to Drink Beverages more than offset higher input costs. In US Cheese organic net revenues were up 8.8% due entirely to price increases in response to higher dairy costs. Compared to a year ago these prices are up 6% to 25% across our Cheese segments with the largest in Natural Cheese. Overall volume mix in Cheese was flat versus the prior year. Innovations such as LiveActive and Single Select continue to drive solid mix improvement however this was offset by volume weakness particularly in Natural Cheese as consumers adjust to higher absolute price points. Going forward solid revenue growth will continue. In February and March we announced further pricing actions covering two thirds of the business. We expect this pricing will continue to pressure volume comparisons in the near term. However, our innovation activity will accelerate. Well see the full roll out of Bagel-fuls cream cheese filled bagels, the launch of our 2% RBSP Free Cheese products and in June the national expansion of our Deli Fresh Natural Cheese Slices. Turning to operating income margin it was down 5.5 percentage points versus Q1 2007. Price increases were more than offset by record high commodity costs and the strong double digit increase in marketing. However, consistent with our guidance in January our Cheese margin was up significantly 6 percentage points versus Q4 of 2007. As gains from innovation and price realization continue we expect further sequential improvement in operating margins and market share as the year unfolds. Moving on to US Convenient Meals, our team delivered another quarter of strong performance. Our investments in quality, base marketing support and new products drove 7.5% organic revenue growth with 5.6 points due to volume and mix gains. In Oscar Mayer the strength of our Deli Fresh Cold Cuts platform continued with strong double digit revenue growth and about 2 points of share gain in the overall Cold Cuts category. In late Q1 we built on our success by rolling out the new Deli Shaved Singles, Deli Carved and Family Size Packs. Revenue from our Deli Creations Sandwiches more than doubled from Q1 2007. This was driven by our new Flat Breads line which is proving to be highly incremental to our base business. Finally, Pizza continued its double digit organic growth not only from our premium DiGiorno Ultimate and California Pizza Kitchen offerings but also from our base DiGiorno and Tombstone brands as weve invested to improve quality. This drove more than 2 points of market share gain in frozen pizza during the quarter. At the operating income line margin was down 60 basis points versus prior year but up 250 basis points from Q4. As we move forward we expect our year over year margin performance to improve as well. On to US Grocery where organic net revenues were up 1.4% and operating income margin grew 30 basis points. Here our investments to contemporize the portfolio are beginning to pay off. For instance, two of our early investments, Jell-O and Mac & Cheese delivered a combination of pricing, market share gains and higher operating income margins in the quarter. More specifically despite significant price increases our Mac & Cheese cups are driving meaningful volume growth and mix gains. These gains were partially offset by declines in other parts of the business including Ready to Eat Deserts, Barbeque Sauce and Pourable Salad Dressings. It will take time to turn the entire Grocery portfolio but the high margins and strong cash flow of these businesses will lead a substantial benefit. In particular, weve begun the process of restaging our Pourable Salad Dressings business. By the end of March we were fully national with our new line of Kraft Pure Salad Dressings with no additional artificial preservatives supported by incremental marketing. While its too early to claim victory were encouraged by the fact that our March market share grew for the first time in a very long time. In the second quarter more of our investments will hit the market. As these gain traction we expect to see improved year over year performance in the second half of the year. Looking at US Snack & Cereals, performance was very much a mixed bag. Organic net revenues were up 2.7% in Q1. Biscuits showed solid build mid single digit gains but these were partially offset by a decline in Snack Bars. In Biscuits 100 calorie packs were up strong double digits again as the momentum of that platform continues. Our Oreo franchise demonstrated solid growth behind improved marketing, the roll out of our proprietary snack and seal packaging and the continued success of the Cakesters platform. Ritz delivered strong growth resulting from investments in product quality and marketing. On the other hand our Snacks Bars business was down in the quarter this is mainly due to a lack of new product news as well as our decision to rationalize SKUs. At the operating income line margin eroded 4 percentage points this was due to escalating commodity costs particularly wheat that were only partially offset by price realization and productivity during the quarter. Coming into the year we expected soft margins in the first quarter thats because we made a conscious decision to reduce trade activity in Biscuits instead of increasing list prices to improve the long term health of that business. The benefits of this change in trade strategy are more back end weighted and will unfold over the course of the year. At the same time during the quarter commodity costs particularly wheat increased more than anticipated. Since then weve announced an 8% list price increase effective this week. Going forward the benefits of this latest price increase will combine with the impact of our trade efficiency efforts. Well continue to invest in innovation and base brand support. As a result we expect sequentially improving operating margins for the remainder of the year. Finally I would note that our Cereal business grew both at its top line and operating margins in the quarter. This reflected continued improvement in the kids cereal business as well as February price increase. As grain costs have risen further we recently noticed another price increase that takes effect in May. We remain on track to complete the transaction to exit our Post Cereal business in mid 2008. Turning to Canada & North America Foodservice, organic revenue growth was up strongly 6.4% versus last year. In Canada solid Q1 organic growth was driven by strong category and share growth, increased investment in marketing innovation across all categories, and the implementation of improved customer plans as we leveraged our scale with the reestablishment of Canada as a stand alone business. In North America Foodservice, high single digit growth came from a combination of strong customer response to quality improvements and innovation, and to a lesser extent customer buy ins ahead of price increases. At the operating income line margins were up 200 basis points as pricing, manufacturing efficiencies, and overhead costs leverage more than offset higher input costs. Going forward both Canada and Foodservice will be executing price increases to cover significant commodity cost increases. While volumes may soften in the near term given the base business gains from marketing and innovation we expect further margin improvement in the second quarter. Now Ill turn to our International business which now represents 40% of our total. We continue to post solid organic growth as we focus our investments on our core brands. In the EU this resulted in 9.5% organic revenue growth marking the third consecutive quarter of solid volume and mix gains. We delivered double digit growth in Chocolate from investments in Milka, Toblerone, and Cote dOr. Cheese also grew double digits from improved marketing behind Philadelphia. Coffee demonstrated solid organic growth again behind gains from Jacobs and Tassimo. At the profit line, as we anticipated EU operating margins declined 50 basis points as pricing lagged input cost increases with only a partial offset from overhead leverage. As our price realization improves in Q2 we expect sequential improvement in our EU margins from Q1 levels. As I already mentioned the integration of the LU Biscuit business is on track and it will enhance our EU margins over the course of 2008. In Developing Markets organic growth of more than 21% was driven by volume and mix gains of more than 12%. Our focus on investments in core categories, brands and markets has continued to pay off. Q1 growth was driven by Jacobs Coffee, Milka Chocolate and Kraft Cheese in our EEMA region. Further gains in biscuit and confectionary in Latin America, as well as consumption and distribution gains in our Asia/Pacific region particularly in China. At the operating income line margin was up 90 basis points, this resulted from a combination of strong top line growth and the acquisition of the biscuit business and it more than offset higher input costs and investments in marketing and distribution infrastructure. Looking forward, while organic revenue growth may not remain as high as consumer adjust to higher prices our profit margins should remain stable. Finally, before we take your questions, a few notes on cash flow. Capital expenditures were $271 million in Q1 up from $180 million in Q1 last year but on a pace to spend just over 3% of net revenues for the year. I would also note that we continue to make solid progress in our working capital program despite the rise in input costs. Our numbers on Cash Conversion Cycle were further enhanced by our newly acquired international biscuit business. To summarize, weve had an excellent start to 2008. We remain confident that our strengthening brand equity, our investment and costs reductions will maintain our operating momentum, increase margins and deliver at least $1.90 of EPS (ex items) in 2008. Thats all for opening remarks, now well be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe: I just had a couple questions for you. The first one I wanted to maybe get into a little bit perhaps for Irene is in this quarter you had a very strong product mix benefit coming through and obviously some very strong pricing as well. Obviously I guess because the margins were a little weaker particularly in North America that did not fully overcome the input cost pressures. I thought the mix benefit would have been more beneficial to your earnings. Do you have a broad statement about that? Can we expect this level of mix improvement throughout the year?
Irene Rosenfeld: Overall Q1 was generally in line with our expectations. As we had said in January we knew that the first half was going to be difficult because of the timing of a number of our pricing actions as well as the fact that costs continue to escalate on a couple of core items. I would tell you that we needed to price protect a number of key franchises that were relevant to the Super Bowl like Pizza, Biscuits and Easter, Coffee and Cheese for example. As a result thats part of why we didnt see as much of the flow through of our pricing actions in Q1. We will see, as weve said sequential improvement as the year progresses. For the full year we expect to fully recover input cost or a combination of pricing and productivity.
Chris Growe: Was there much of an Easter benefit to sales or volume in the quarter? Is that something you can quantify?
Irene Rosenfeld: Its not significant enough for us to quantify.
Chris Growe: The last question, relative to your volumes in the US they were weaker than I expected. I know there is that one business really dragging it down. As we look through the year especially this first quarter, I expected that to be a little better given your promotional programs were a little heavier. You talked about cutting back on promotion throughout 2008, I think it was $200 million the number you gave. Is that still something you expect to do, could we see that adjust a little bit based on some weakness in volume we saw like in North America?
Irene Rosenfeld: Let me clarify the issue on volume. As Tim mentioned the Ready to Drink business where we made a very concerted decision to reduce our trade spending and get our feature prices higher on that business in response to the escalating input costs. That business weighed quite dramatically not only on Beverages but on North America and in turn on total Kraft. The organic volume that we reported was essentially flat, ex Ready to Drink it would have been up about 2.5%. Net net we actually felt reasonably good with the volume performance in the first quarter. We are through, as part of our effort to increase prices we will see higher promotional price points throughout the year. Most importantly I feel much more confident given the investments that we have made in brand strength that we will be able to deliver volume mix improvement sequentially over time despite the fact that weve taken these increases.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Mccracken  Cleveland Research.
Christine Mccracken: When I look at your commodity costs obviously youre facing a very inflationary environment and youre taking pricing to offset that. When you have very volatile commodity theres swings in commodity prices like youve seen in cheese and a number of other areas how do you constantly readjust pricing and how does the retailer react to that? Is it that you stick pricing or is it that youre forced to go back and reevaluate the pricing strategy?
Irene Rosenfeld: The first thing we are doing is getting our merchandising pricing closer to the market place and so that takes a lot of pressure off of us forecasting and over time weve talked a lot, particularly in Cheese about our desire to move in that direction and I think you will see that play out in the course of the year. The reality is the world is changing. I think were all learning how to forecast better in the current environment. Were pretty good on the supply side but even there we see more of the food crop being diverted to biofuel use. We are seeing some unanticipated consequences which I think is impacting pricing. In the face of it though I feel very good about the fact that we have been pricing quite aggressively to recover those costs and once again I feel good that the investments that we have made are increasing our brand strength and our ability to price. As a result we expect that we will continue to improve our margins sequentially despite the input cost situation.
Christine Mccracken: Are you seeing any demand impact as you raise prices? It seems like your portfolio is actually fairly well positioned in this environment.
Irene Rosenfeld: Our first quarter came in essentially the way we thought. We will continue to see some of these pricing actions play through in the second quarter which is why weve been somewhat cautionary with respect to our volume forecast for the second quarter. As the consumers adjust to these higher prices we believe that the strength of our brands and our marketing efforts will be able to allow us to continue to improve volume mix despite the pricing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Duvick - Bank of America.
Todd Duvick: I had a couple questions for you on the International front. Specifically with respect to your Chocolate segment. Obviously the Mars and Wrigley transaction made a lot of news on Monday and I just want to know from your standpoint if you continue to consider the Chocolate business in Europe to be core to your overall business?
Irene Rosenfeld: As we said were continuing to evaluate our portfolio and determine the long term prospects for each of our businesses. The reality is that Mars is already a significant competitor and I feel that the strategies that weve got in place will enable us to compete quite effectively in the face of that new combination.
Todd Duvick: One follow up question. With respect to your acquisition youve talked a lot about the operations that you have today. Can you talk a little bit about your acquisition appetite? I think youve said in the past that one of the things you might consider doing were you to make a sizeable acquisition is that youd be willing to use equity to help fund a portion of an acquisition. Can you comment on that?
Irene Rosenfeld: Let me underscore again, our plan is predicated on organic growth and with the continued improvement in our businesses, our turnaround is clearly gaining momentum and therefore I continue to be confident that we will deliver the commitments that weve made. We have said that we would acquire, in particular to build scale in International geographies and that will continue to be very much on our plate.
Todd Duvick: Can you comment about your appetite for willingness to use equity should you come up with a large acquisition opportunity?
Irene Rosenfeld: Im not going to comment on that obviously any decisions that we would make have everything to do with circumstances.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta: Im wondering whether you could comment on what impact the deliberate changes in your merchandising and promotional strategies for Ready to Drink beverages had on the overall Kraft consolidated mix contribution and how sustainable you expect the first quarter level of mix contribution to be for the remainder of the year.
Tim McLevish: Ready to Drink as I pointed out in my comments had a significant impact on the volume as we measure it. Ready to Drink is six times the impact for every dollar of revenue due to the weight of the product. Overall the volume in the mix impact in the Beverage business was relatively small net impact, about 2% and had a much lesser impact on the entirety of the company. We do expect to see some of the same in Q2 although as I pointed out that will be mitigated because we have reformulated the product with 25% less sugar and were putting some marketing behind promoting that product and think that will mitigate some of the volume impact. Were encouraged as we look into the second quarter.
Eric Serotta: Do you think that a 3% to 3.5% mix contribution is sustainable for the remainder of the year or are there other factors that were not talking about that should cause that to either accelerate or decelerate?
Tim McLevish: We dont want to go into the specifics. Q1 was in line with our expectations and weve given guidance for the full of the year. We expect to see sequential improvement in our brand strength and therefore in our pricing and out ability to pass through the cost increases and we expect to see margin increases.
Eric Serotta: Finally, was the 4.3% total contribution from price largely in line with your expectations considering that you protected price points on some key items as mentioned? It seems like a pretty strong price number considering you were protecting price points on cheese and pizza?
Tim McLevish: Remember we saw significant price increase in the latter half of last year and into the fourth quarter and so some of the price increases we put in effect during that time as we mentioned in our fourth quarter call. The full effect of that benefited us in the quarter. That contributed to some of the pricing improvement we saw in this quarter. As commodities continue to escalate and perhaps beyond our expectation in some of the categories we put during the quarter additional pricing. Some of it we protected as Irene mentioned but overall it was generally in line with expectations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Pablo Zuanic - J. P. Morgan.
Pablo Zuanic: A couple of questions, in the current environment with a weaker consumer do you find that its more difficult for people to trade up? I say that because in some of your products people are paying a premium because of the obviously increased brand equity or you are moving them to a branded premium product or in other cases they are paying extra for convenience or for better quality product. I understand that the strategy and thats where you want to move but do you find that that strategy is more difficult to implement in the current economic environment?
Irene Rosenfeld: No, actually in fact I think we will continue to do just fine in the current environment. There will be some puts and takes but I am confident that the investments that weve made to strengthen our brands will help us to continue to make progress despite the higher pricing and I think although it varies by category the numbers I referred to earlier are quite encouraging to us. For the past 13 weeks 56% of our US revenue is growing share up from 50% in the fourth quarter. I think its really proof positive that were able to continue to grow share in the face of very aggressive pricing. The key remains our ability to differentiate our products in the consumers eyes and to make sure that weve adequate support behind those businesses and as weve told you we are planning to invest at a double digit increase in A&C this year and that together with a very strong innovation pipeline and our base marketing efforts Im confident will continue to allow us to grow share.
Pablo Zuanic: Related to that would you say that compared to the past you are being now more assertive in terms of price increases compared to say private label competition. In the past I think you had lagged on Cheese, would you say across the portfolio now youre moving quicker than the competition and if so has the competition begun catch up with your price increases or are they lagging now? Can you comment on that?
Irene Rosenfeld: I cant speak specifically to the competition. I would say as we look across our categories the entire market has responded to the higher input costs but there is no question that we are more aggressive in pricing today as a result of the stronger brand strength that we have been able to develop because of the investments that weve made in quality, marketing, and innovation.
Pablo Zuanic: Just a quick follow up. When I see a 4% price increase on your revenue base last year of $37 billion thats about $1.4 billion just from pricing which is pretty much the number you are giving us on commodity. If you maintain a 4% increase obviously you should be able to cover the higher dollar cost increase. Is that the right way to think about that or am I missing something there?
Tim McLevish: I think thats right. That was what we said that the additional pricing we expect will cover our commodities generally on a dollar for dollar basis. That, as you know if you think through the math of it will put some pressure on the margin improvements although we still can expect that were going to continue to drive and deliver margin improvement over the course of the year. It may be a little bit less than we had originally anticipated as the result of the denominator effect from that equation.
Pablo Zuanic: I understand you cant comment too much on M&A but just remind us Chocolate in the past you have mentioned and highlighted as a core category in your international business and I want to ask a question is that still the case. Given that your chocolate platform is mostly what I would call center the aisle overseas do you see a need to grow in the front end of the store with your chocolate platform? If thats the case I guess we can make our own assumptions about how you could pursue that through acquisitions. The same question would apply to the US, you Snack business is not doing well but I could make the argument that all your snacks can be sold in single serve format but your distribution in C stores at the front end of the store is more limited. Im wondering if an acquisition would make sense in that regard to help you grow in that part of the store or thats not a priority in terms of growing in that part of the store.
Irene Rosenfeld: A lot of hypothetical in that question. What I will tell you is that we had a very strong quarter on our Chocolate in the EU; we have been very focused on rebuilding the core equities of some of our iconic brands like Milka, Toblerone, and Cote dOr. We are seeing progressive margin improvement on that business and as long as it continues to contribute it will be an important part of our portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: A question on Europe margins in general it seems to me youve just bought the Danone cookies and from memory I think in 2006 the margins in that business were about 16%. Margins in Europe have been stuck in very low double digit now high single digits for quite some time. Historically there were up in the mid teens level. As I look at your peer group many of the other companies have much higher margins mid to high teen levels in Europe. Is there something structural around the portfolio that just makes it very hard to get the margins up over there? How do you see those developing over time?
Irene Rosenfeld: I dont want to make any excuses for our performance. We are not happy with our margin performance in the EU. We had a very strong top line performance, another very strong quarter of strong volume mix gains and we are expecting to see sequential improvement in margins over the course of the year particularly as the price increases start to flow through. We needed to price protect a number of our core businesses in the first quarter. That said we have a fairly significant business in Germany which does weigh somewhat on our overall margin performance. We are committed to increasing our EU margins over time and theres no question that the acquisition of the LU biscuit business will be very much an enabler to that end.
Alexia Howard: One other as follow up on the restructuring that you implemented during the reorganization into the new independent business units to improve accountability. I guess thats now complete, could you speak a little bit to what changes youre seeing? What is that enabling you to do now that that new structure is put in place?
Tim McLevish: The new structure came in place beginning of this year. We have invented business units responsible for the full P&L and balance sheet as opposed to the past where we tended to be much more functionally oriented and were seeing that the businesses are stepping up and theyre making decisions much closer to the consumer. They have full responsibility for their brands and as I said the P&L and balance sheet were seeing much better decision making and were seeing much improvement in the decisions that are being made.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney  Wachovia.
Jonathan Feeney: You mentioned buy in on the Foodservice side of the business having an impact. Could you possibly quantify that with a little bit more granularity?
Tim McLevish: Its hard to say specifically how much impact there really was. There was some impact; we dont think its a material amount. Thats as much specificity as I can give you.
Jonathan Feeney: When you look more broadly across your business, most food service and retail particularly in the United States where it seems like the commodity prices and therefore retail pricing has been much more aggressive. Has there been a change in strategy on the retailer standpoint to try to anticipate price increases by buying in and maybe seeing a little bit more carrying a little bit higher levels within inventory.
Irene Rosenfeld: We dont allow that. We have some fairly strict policies with respect to buy in against price increases. The loading behavior of the past is really not a factor here. One of the reasons we called out the impact on our Foodservice business other pricing actions was just because we had a very strong quarter in Foodservice. Im not sure thats entirely indicative of the market. I think were all feeling that although we havent been able to fully quantify the impact of the economic conditions on food away from home were all feeling that there is some impact and its one of the reasons we feel comfortable that as consumers eat home more often they will come home to Kraft. We purposely call that out because we do believe some of our strength in Foodservice in the first quarter was in response to the pricing actions.
Jonathan Feeney: You talked very consistently about your acquisition strategy for a while and I guess I just wondered now that Master Foods and Warren Buffet sort of broken the ice here does it make it more likely in your view that yourself and others will look more aggressively towards filing those deal acquisition needs maybe just because financing is good and other folks are likely to follow?
Irene Rosenfeld: I wont speculate on any industry trends or what others may do. What I will tell you is that we are not changing how we go to market. I feel very good about the strategic direction that weve laid out. It is clearly our turnaround is gaining momentum, its serving us well and were going to stick to our game plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer  UBS.
David Palmer: I was looking at some data recently about the number of new Kraft products that are being introduced under Kraft in general not the brand. It appears like the pace of innovation is not really accelerating. Is that something that you see too? Perhaps you can describe how youre seeing the pace and incrementality of your innovation how has that played out and relatedly when you look at the pipeline over the next few quarters how do you see the pace and the effect in this of your innovation progressing?
Irene Rosenfeld: I feel terrific about our innovation pipeline. Its quite full, its fuller than its been in a long time and actually we have more ideas than we are actually able to fund at the moment. What we have tried to do is to stage those innovations and make sure that they are big enough. For example Cakesters we launched the soft cake idea last year under the Oreo trademark, we just came out with a Nilla version. Its been a tremendous item for us, in fact its contributed to over 3.5 point swing in the growth of the category. Were seeing a lot more incrementality to the ideas that were doing. We are working to expand them and make them bigger. For example, a number of our innovations this year are behind our 100 calorie packs which just continue to be a stand out performer. Many of the ideas when you see Deli Creations Flat Bread that may not look as innovative to you because youve already seen Deli Creations Sandwiches but frankly thats the point. We have a terrific opportunity to build on the equities that were creating and to be able to amortize them in the marketing attachments.
David Palmer: Just to clarify, when you get more decentralized as you are, one byproduct perhaps you could get little ideas up to the top better and I would expect it to be manifest in more ideas being introduced, more products. Do you literally see more products coming to market from Kraft in the coming quarters?
Irene Rosenfeld: No, once again the value of the decentralization is to enable speed and to make sure that each of our managers is fully focused on the market place and on their competition. What I expect as a result of that is higher quality ideas, bigger ideas; Im actually not looking for more ideas. Our whole focus over the last two years has been to narrow focus on those areas of opportunity across the company that we think had the greatest promise. Most of our innovation is focused on health and wellness, on premium products, convenient products, and snacks. Each of our businesses is focused in those areas. Where possible we are looking for synergies on platforms that cut across. For example, were building our Deli Fresh Cheese launch is building on our learning and Deli Fresh Meat. Our LiveActive sticks and bars are building on the experience that we had in LiveActive Cheese. Were trying to take some of those platforms; obviously 100 calorie packs have had an impact across a number of our categories. Mac & Cheese crackers build on the equities that we have in our base Mac & Cheese business. We dont expect to see a larger number of items. We do expect to see a larger contribution from a smaller set of items and I feel very comfortable that the pipeline that weve got can deliver on the ambitious goals that weve set.
David Palmer: On the wall to wall sales structure initiative how is that helping you as you get to the final stages in that roll out. How is that helping you whether it is the top line or maybe in store marketing, out of stocks or maybe its a cost benefit? Any specifics there and if theres been any negatives that have come out whether it be short term from the roll out itself could you perhaps discuss that.
Irene Rosenfeld: We feel terrific about wall to wall. The roll out is now complete as we had told you it would be. Our focus continues to be on execution and training. We truly believe that better execution on wall to wall is going to help us to improve our display support, help us to reduce out of stock, get our new items to market faster. The proof of that is that were seeing about, since weve begun the initiative weve seen about a 1 point incremental revenue contribution. In fact its almost 180 basis points for the last eight weeks. As our organization continues to understand what their new responsibilities are and we set the agenda in a way that is easy for them to execute we are very comfortable that this will continue to make an important contribution and give us a source of competitive advantage.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse.
Robert Moscow: We get a lot of questions on the demand side for food and whether food at home is rising or falling and how people are reacting to higher prices. Im curious if you have any visibility on the supply side. In this high cost environment have you seen any signs that smaller competitors or private label manufacturers co-packing manufacturers are closing up shop or feeling such an impact from the cost pressure that maybe they have to re-look at how they do their business model? Would that have a positive impact for you?
Irene Rosenfeld: I dont think I can comment specifically on what impact this might have on smaller companies. Theres no question that we are continuing to learn, to forecast in the wake of the current environment. We believe that our scale will continue to be a competitive advantage for us both in procurement and in sales execution and one again the good news is that as a result of the investments that weve made in our brand we feel much more confident that we have the ability to price. As a result we will continue to expand margin.
Robert Moscow: What about on the consumer side. Have you gone to any consumer testing facilities just to hear consumers and what theyre saying about price inflation in food? Theres a journal article today that says that 5% price inflation for food is annoying but not necessarily something that causes alarm and panic. Would you characterize it that way?
Irene Rosenfeld: I think its fair to say that were certainly not seeing alarm and panic. We are definitely, as I said its not exactly quantifier were certainly seeing a trend in people eating away from home less and eating at home more which we believe is a positive for our business. Dont forget the reality is there has been essentially little to no inflation in food prices for 10 years and so the reality is weve now introduced some pricing into the market place. We do believe that there is going to be some short term dislocation as consumers adjust to those higher price points. Frankly Im pleased to see at the early days on a number of our core categories were seeing that were able to continue to perform. I think our share performance in the face of some very aggressive pricing is good evidence of that reality.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns.
Terry Bivens: A question on your Cheese business, I know there are various ways to forecast the pricing but from where we sit it looks like your Cheese cost ought to be somewhat flat in the second quarter and then be down maybe in the high single digits as we go through the remainder of the second half. My question is this, I was a little bit surprised that you took further pricing in Cheese then it occurs to me have you done what you think is calibrating your spreads to private label to ensure maximum profitability as we go through the back half in Cheese? I should ask first of all do you agree that it should be down on that order.
Irene Rosenfeld: No, were not providing a forecast here but what we will tell you we are feeling much better about our ability to take pricing in Cheese than we had in the past. The investments that weve made in innovation and marketing support are clearly playing through. As weve also said we are committed to improving our Cheese margins over time. Were going to stay pretty close to the market to ensure that we are adequately getting the right relationship between pricing and costs.
Tim McLevish: We think that our gaps relative to private label are in pretty good shape. Were finding that the private label players are following our lead in pricing.
Terry Bivens: The pricing in your mind is more response to what you see is ongoing pretty high pricing in Cheese there?
Irene Rosenfeld: Thats correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers.
Andrew Lazar: I know youve mentioned a couple times youre trying to price closer to the cost curve in Cheese and kind of change the pricing algorithm in that business. Two follow ups there. One, how is that thought process being received by your retail partners, as it is a pretty big departure from what youve done as a company in the past. While that might reduce a lot of the volatility going forward that youve seen in the business more recently. Does it change at all the structural return of that business? Is it lower just because now you dont have the ability to price the way you might have previously?
Irene Rosenfeld: I would tell you that the work were doing on Cheese is somewhat a work in process. We are looking at a number of different ideas in concert with our customers. I will tell you that they are quite receptive to the notion of there being greater transparency. One of the challenges in the category historically has been that there hasnt been very clear transparency and I think what were talking about doing as we move forward will make a big different. I think if anything what were talking about executing will actually help the structural returns and most importantly reduce the volatility. We see a number of positives of getting our merchandising pricing closer to the market place. I believe our customers are receptive to the idea but working through the details of exactly how we want to execute that is something that we will be doing in the course of the coming weeks and months.
Tim McLevish: We think that the new pricing strategy as we roll it out being much closer to input costs will benefit us, will enable us to get back to respectable margins and maintain them. Our customers in many respects are also our competitors in the private label arena and I think they will welcome the lead were taking on that. If you think about where we had been in the past we lost something on the way up and we probably gave a little on the down side. With increased volatility thats not a good place to be.
Andrew Lazar: In thinking about your 2008 earnings base obviously we know there will be an adjustment of magnitude once the post transaction is completed and youve given ranges around that. I want to make sure Im clear, as you look to absorb your up front costs going forward starting in 2009, do you think theyll need to be some form of adjustment to the 08 earnings base beyond the post adjustment as you move into that new model of absorbing these costs? If so, is there any way to gauge what that might be at this stage?
Tim McLevish: Im going to actually wait until after we announce the post divestiture and recalibrate 2008 before we give guidance. I know thats a question that is on many peoples minds. The large majority of the heavy investment in restructuring will be behind us by the end of 2008. We do expect to continue over time to continue to drive costs out and there will be some further investment. Weve given an indication probably $700 million in 2008 that number should drop by probably $500 million in subsequent years on a $200 to $300 million annual spend. A fair amount of that we think we can absorb it and still deliver the 7% to 9% but were not at this point going to commit to exactly how were going to recalibrate that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman: Im not exactly clear as to why the EU is all of a sudden performing so much better. The fourth quarter was a real mess. Youve said it was going to take while. Is the consumer recovering over there because it doesnt sound like its necessarily that your products are where you want them to be in that region?
Irene Rosenfeld: I would say a lot of whats happening over there is very much a result of our own efforts on our Coffee business. Its the redeployment of some of the money that were spending that we had siphoned off from our base Coffee business and were spending on Tassimo the redeployment and the reinvestment in our core Jacobs and Carte Noir franchises. Its the focus on our core brands Milka, Toblerone and Cote dOr and the combination on chocolate and coffee has had some tremendous results and dramatic improvement in our top line performance. This issue in the EU is to continue to maintain top line momentum but start to make progress on the margin front. As Ive said were committed to doing that. We have a number of programs in place. We should start to see sequential improvement in our EU margins as the year progresses and again the addition of the LU Biscuit business will also enable us to improve our margins overall in that region.
Eric Katzman: A point I missed earlier, what was the new inflation number that you gave all in for 08?
Tim McLevish: Input cost inflation were look at probably as we view the market place today were probably talking about a 12% increase. In the first quarter we were up $460 million and were looking at perhaps somewhere $1.5 to $1.7 billion expected for the full year.
Eric Katzman: As a bit of a follow up to Andrews question I understand that you focus on the organic revenue growth and then earnings number pre the post split or spin off but I dont think thats really accurate. Sales this year are going to be in total including the acquisition and currency and everything we have to factor in is that a $41 billion number, $42 billion. I guess Id like a little bit more clarity as to what youre thinking in terms of the other drivers for the top line that are having a significant influence on that. Also, why not, given that you know youre going to either split or spin that business why not give us a better picture on the bottom line as to what that means and then we can really gauge your margins as to really where it looks like its going to fall out for the year.
Tim McLevish: Our expectation is were coming up towards mid year when we expect to complete the transaction. At that time well give a better update when we know the specific of the timing. At this point we still dont know specifically what the timing is which would have an impact on how we report the year. Within the next couple months we should be at a point where well give you better guidance on that.
Eric Katzman: The top line?
Tim McLevish: The top line as well.
Irene Rosenfeld: Weve been working pretty hard over the course of the last two years or so to make the necessary investments in quality, marketing support and in innovation to create sustainable growth on our top line. I think as youre seeing from our results each of our businesses, weve chosen to focus on the businesses that can have the greatest impact. The businesses that weve invested in are in fact responding. Were seeing it in revenue growth; were seeing it in market share improvement. Clearly these investments are paying off and so we have great confidence that we will continue to deliver the kind of top line growth that we have committed to. We have taken our guidance up somewhat from at least 4 to at least 5 as we said simply because in this extraordinary pricing year without a doubt we are seeing some extraordinary impact of pricing.
Eric Katzman: Why shouldnt we view the new pricing mechanism so the market as opposed to an average in something like Cheese as kind of recognizing that thats more of a commodity type of strategy. If the brand has equity shouldnt you be able to pretty much price as you want as opposed to more or less having to react to the underlying commodity?
Irene Rosenfeld: I dont want to react as if were reacting to the underlying commodity. I simply want to make sure that we are not getting left behind. You are well aware the issue that we had on our Cheese business is that we have been left behind. Our pricing strategy is designed to stay ahead of that curve and ensure that that is not a contributor to a margin decline. We are confident that as we continue to innovate, launch ideas like LiveActive, ideas like Single Select, ideas like Bagel-fuls. These products are going to continue to help us to drive both our revenue performance as well as our mix contribution.
Eric Katzman: Is it fair to say that theres a part of the Cheese business that is a little bit more commodity oriented and thats going to be priced to the market as opposed to as you layer in these new value add products that you hope not to have to price those to market and more to the old way of doing it which was pricing to average?
Irene Rosenfeld: I think the key is to find those areas where we believe we can have differentiation and our focus within Cheese to your point will be on the highest margin segments. Our expectation going forward is that we can significantly improve our mix performance in Cheese by focusing on the higher margin products as well as pricing aggressively enough to recover any of the cost increases.
Operator: Your last question comes from David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll: US Snacks and Cereal Im surprised no one has asked any questions about this because it seems to be the most important data point in the quarter, the most surprising one to me. This division has been very consistent for many many years with very high margins. Can you comment on absolutely massive margin degradation here how does the split work between snack and cereal. Was it all cereal and so we can just forget about it because this thing is going to get sold off or was the bulk of the degradation related to the snacks portfolio.
Irene Rosenfeld: Clearly we are no pleased with the Q1 performance of our Snacks and Cereals business. Theres no two ways about it and in particular the margin performance. The profits this convention were impacted by two factors that we do expect will reverse themselves over the course of the year. The first was our conscious decision to take our initial pricing action by reducing trade. We believe that is very definitely in the long term health of the business but it does take longer to see that play through and as I mentioned we did price protect some of the Snacks businesses at Super Bowl time. The second is we did have a very unexpected run up in wheat cost in particular which caused us some dislocation in the first quarter. We announced a pricing action on Monday, a second pricing action, and so we are confident that as we continue to invest in those franchises and we have a significant investment in A&C planned. Weve got a very strong innovation pipeline as I look at some of the items coming behind in terms 100 calorie packs, the Oreo Cakesters extension, some of the stuff were doing on Ritz all of which should lead to a sequential improvement in both the top line and the bottom line performance of our Snacks business. Let me also say quite honestly the Cereals business was not the drag on the overall performance. We had a very strong Biscuits business performance, we felt good about our Planters business, and we saw some inventory de-loading which impacted shipments but did not hurt our share. Our Cereal business we actually were able to hold market share and we grew both top line and operating margins. That was not a drag. The biggest impact was the dislocation on the pricing front and that will correct as we move to the other quarters.
Tim McLevish: Probably half the degradation was attributable to the taking it in trade as opposed to pricing. The other half was the run up in some of the wheat cost particularly. With the pricing action and as the course of the year rolls out the benefits of the trade change will also improve our margins.
David Driscoll: This is a surprising result and I cant imagine that folks are going to be happy to see this particular business have these troubles. We all know the problems in Cheese and Coffee and understand the commodity side. A very branded business for you, you have number one brands all over the place, this is a tough one to swallow but I do appreciate the comments and good luck with that business.
Operator: I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Chris Jakubik for any further or closing remarks.
Chris Jakubik: Thanks everybody for joining us on the conference all. For those of you from the media who have follow up question please contact Mike Mitchell. For analysts who have follow up questions I will be around all day. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes todays Kraft Foods First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Jakubik - IR Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO Tim McLevish - CFO
Analysts: Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Todd Duvick - Bank of America Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co. David Driscoll - Citigroup Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch Andy Tyler - Toin Consulting  Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns David Palmer  UBS Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Pablo Zuanic - J. P. Morgan Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets  Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Virginia Chandless - J. P. Morgan
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Kraft Foods fourth quarter 2007 and year end earnings conference call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Kraft Foods management and the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Mr. Chris Jakubik, Vice President of Investor Relations for Kraft. Please go ahead, sir.
Chris Jakubik - IR: Good morning, and thanks for joining us on our conference call. I'm Chris Jakubik, Vice President of Investor Relations. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO, and Tim McLevish, our Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release was sent our earlier today and is available on our web site, Kraft.com. Also available on our web site are slides that we will refer to during our prepared comments. As you know, during this call we may make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today, so they contain an element of uncertainty. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties, so please refer to the cautionary statement and risk factors contained in the company's 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more detailed explanation of the inherent limitations in such forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks will exclude those items that affect comparability. These excluded items are captured in our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation within our news release, and they are also available on our web site. Today's agenda is as follows: We'll begin the call with Irene providing her perspective on our 2007 results and the outlook for 2008, then Tim will highlight our financials and review the results for each of our business segments. After that we'll take your questions. With that, I'll hand it off to Irene.
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Chris, and good morning everyone. If you turn to Slide 4, as you saw in our press release, 2007 represented a solid start to our three-year plan and more importantly, established good momentum for 2008.  Our organic revenue growth of 6% in Q4 and 5% for the full year was even better than we had expected, and it was quality growth. We had solid gains from product mix throughout the year, and volume growth improved as the year progressed. That reflects the payback from the investments we made in the course of the year. Where we have improved quality, invested in base brand support and/or innovated, we've seen good results, and so I remain confident that our plan will return Kraft to reliable growth. Turning to Slide 5, we continue to see this model at work in the Wave 1 investment areas I discussed in September. In our Mac 'n Cheese business, we invested in quality upgrades to our base products and rolled out Easy Mac cups. The result? We posted double-digit organic growth and gained a half point of market share in 2007. This followed three years of essentially no growth and more than one point of share loss. Our Pizza business finished the year absolutely on fire. It posted double-digit volume growth and gained over four market share points in the fourth quarter.  And our back-to-basics approach in the EU focused on our two iconic brands, Jacobs Coffee and Milka Chocolate, delivered a fourth consecutive quarter of solid organic revenue growth. For a business that had been flat to down for the past four years, the 3.5% organic growth in 2007 is no small feat.  I'm also encouraged by the early results in three core categories where our programming hit late last year:  Coffee, where we're adding to our success in the Premium segment by beginning to stem our longstanding decline in mainstream coffee - the reason, our recent re-launch of Maxwell House with quality upgrades in product and packaging - in Biscuits, where our market share performance improved in the fourth quarter from several new product platforms, and in Cheese, where despite record high dairy costs in the second half of 2007, we increased our marketing more than 50% in processed slices and introduced Single Select. That helped to reverse our share declines in processed cheese from the first half of the year. We also delivered double-digit growth and market share gains in snacking cheese, and our new Live Active cheeses are proving to be highly incremental both to Kraft and to the category. There's still much more to be done in Cheese, but I feel we're off to a good start. Turning to Slide 6, more broadly across North America, as our investments hit the market, our market share trends have begun to improve. On a trailing 52week basis, we finished the year with businesses representing 47% of our revenue gaining or holding share - not yet where we want to be, but that's up from only 38% three months earlier. And in the fourth quarter, we gained or held share in businesses representing 50% of our revenue. Over the course of 2008, we'll continue to improve on that trend. We are finally on our way to our longer-term goal of growing share in at least two-thirds of our revenue base. Turning to Slide 7, also in 2007 we put strong new leadership in place. Four of the nine members of my executive team are new to the company or to their jobs, and we've replaced half of our key business leaders around the world. We changed our incentive systems to more directly tie executive rewards to shareholder value creation, and we're now executing a reorganization to give more accountability to our business leaders while significantly reducing overhead costs. We've also strengthened our portfolio. We're exiting businesses that don't fit our long-term growth plan like Fruit2o and Post Cereals. And we're enhancing our future growth prospects, profitability and international footprint with the acquisition of the Danone Biscuit business.  Finally, I'm pleased to say we delivered at the high end of our increased EPS guidance. Yes, we did benefit from a lower tax rate, but this was on top of better top line momentum from our investments in brand equity. At the same time, higher-than-expected input costs negatively impacted our margins and put pressure on the bottom line, and so in response we took more aggressive actions to reduce our overhead costs. Turning to Slide 8, as you saw in our press release this morning, in 2008 we'll spend less and save more on our restructuring program than originally anticipated. We now expect $200 million more in savings, and our costs to deliver those savings will be $200 million less. Our spending on the program will end in 2008, but incremental savings will continue beyond that. Clearly, we made significant progress on many fronts in 2007. Turning to Slide 9, however, not everything went our way. The biggest surprise was the unprecedented high dairy costs and the fact that they remained at these high levels through year end. As you can see from this chart, the 2007 price curve broke significantly from historical norms. As a matter of practice, given historical cyclicality, we typically price to the expected average, not the peak dairy costs, in any given year. As a result, when cheese costs stayed high late into the year, our pricing actions did not keep pace with costs. Therefore, we're taking additional pricing actions now. We do expect some moderation in average cheese costs later this year. Nevertheless, as you can see, we're likely to face difficult cost comparisons through the first half of the year. Which brings me to our 2008 guidance. Please turn to Slide 10. Since this is the second year of a three-year plan, let me start with the expectations I laid out last February at [KAGNE]. At that time, I said in 2008 our operational turnaround will continue to gain momentum as we get growing again on both the top and bottom lines. Our top line will grow 3% to 4% organically, and operating income growth will exceed revenue growth.  I said we'd continue to invest a portion of our growth back into the business as we launched the next wave of trajectory changing initiatives, and we further accelerate our advertising and consumer spending toward our long-term target of 8% to 9% of net revenue. I also said that by 2009, we'd hit our stride. We'd fully realize the financial benefits of our investments and deliver our long-term targets of at least 4% organic net revenue growth and 7% to 9% EPS growth. So how do I feel about those statements today? Turn to Slide 11. I stand firmly behind them. I feel good about our momentum, and I'm even more bullish as we enter year two of our three-year plan.  Looking at the numbers, our top line will grow faster than we had expected, at least 4% organically. And remember, that's before the addition of approximately $2.8 billion in revenue from the Danone Biscuit acquisition. In 2007, although pricing was higher than in the past, it represented less than onethird of organic revenue growth. In 2008, it's likely that pricing will be a much more significant factor as we offset higher input costs. The investments we've made and will continue to make are strengthening our brand equity and enabling improved pricing power. As a result, we are far better able to recover input cost increases through pricing and productivity. However, we do expect that near term category volumes will be negatively impacted as consumers adjust to new price levels. Through it all, I remain confident that our continued investments in marketing and innovation will drive further share gains across more of our portfolio despite our pricing actions. Now let's look at operating income. While Danone will have a modest dampening effect on margins in its first year, we expect that operating income ex items will grow faster than revenue in 2008. We also expect that Q4 2007 represented the low point in our margins, and they will progressively improve as 2008 unfolds. We will continue to invest in the next wave of trajectory changing initiatives and will further accelerate our advertising and consumer spending toward our long-term target of 8% to 9% of revenue. Turning to earnings per share ex items are EPS guidance is at least $1.90. This reflects a 3 point headwind to earnings growth from the increase in our effective tax rate from 31.2% in 2007 to 33.5% in 2008 as we become a fully independent tax filer. If we were to normalize for taxes, our EPS guidance would represent an increase of almost 8% year-over-year. Turning to Slide 12, to summarize, we've had a solid start to our plan to restore Kraft to reliable growth. We continue to invest in our growth initiatives. They're paying dividends, and at the same time, they're strengthening our brand equity and pricing power in the face of unprecedented input costs. We're successfully reducing costs and overheads to provide additional funding for investment, and our strategic actions are strengthening our portfolio and future growth prospects. I remain confident that by 2009 we'll be well positioned to reliably deliver our long-term targets of at least 4% organic net revenue growth and 7% to 9% EPS growth. And now I'll turn the call over to Tim.
Tim McLevish - CFO: Thanks, Irene, and good morning. Please turn to Slide 13. I'll begin my comments by providing some perspective on our financials, both for 2007 and how we see 2008 unfolding. Before I begin, please keep in mind that unless otherwise noted, my comments will exclude the items affecting comparability that were highlighted in our press release. [break in audio] 2% for the second consecutive quarter. That's up from 3.9% organic growth in the first half of the year. Volume and mix accounted for about two-thirds of Q4 growth as our Wave 1 investments in quality, innovation and marketing hit the market. Net pricing was up 2 percentage points versus 1% in the first six months of the year as we begin to see the realization of price increases taken during the year. Overall, we had steady improvement and established a solid momentum on the top line in 2007. As Irene mentioned, in 2008 we expect pricing to make a greater contribution to top line growth as a result of improved price realization. At the same time, our first quarter and first half volume comparisons will be difficult as we implement the significant pricing necessary to offset cost inflation. Nonetheless, during this time of unprecedented price increases, we expect to build market share over the course of the year, which is a testament to the improving strength of our brands. Please turn to Slide 15. And turning to operating income, our Q4 results were significantly impacted by the input costs, particularly dairy. Although our price realization improved in Q4, our gross margin was down 410 basis points versus Q4 last year. This is primarily due to higher dairy costs. Our pricing and productivity gains were simply overwhelmed by higher input costs and by our investments in product quality. For the year, our input costs were up about $1.3 billion over 2006. At the same time, our cost reduction programs drove a reduction in overhead costs as a percentage of sales. This enabled us to fund a double-digit increase in marketing, and as a result, operating income margin was down less than gross margin. Look forward, we anticipate that margins will get progressively better as the year unfolds from the low point in the fourth quarter of 2007. We will continue to spend on our growth investments. We spent $375 million in 2007 and we'll spend incrementally on top of that base in 2008. As a result of our planned investments together with the addition of the Danone Biscuit business, we expect A&C as a percent of net revenue to be in the mid 7% range in 2008. That said, first half margins and earnings comparison with the prior year will be difficult, difficult for two reasons. First is the fact that the full effect of our price increases will lag higher input costs at the beginning of the year, and second is our expectation that input cost comparisons should ease as the year progresses. I think it's instructive - if we turn to Slide 16 - I think it's instructive to take a minute to look at the magnitude of input cost increases we face coming into 2008. This chart shows commodity prices in each year versus the 10-year average price for each of our 11 largest commodity inputs.  With the exception of almonds and lean hogs, we're starting the year at record cost levels, and in the cases of cocoa, wheat and soybean oil, we're starting 2008 at significantly higher levels than the average 2007 cost. Because of this, we have taken and are taking pricing actions as well as focusing on overhead costs to ensure the expansion of operating margins in 2008.  Now if you'll turn to Slide 17, turning to earnings per share, we've discussed operating results already so let's look at what happened below the line.  In the fourth quarter, higher interest expense cost us roughly $0.04 of earnings versus the prior year. This is partially offset by $0.02 from lower shares outstanding. We invested another $500 million in our stock repurchase plan during the quarter, and in the first nine months since the spinoff we repurchased $3.5 billion or 6.5% of our shares outstanding at an average price of $33.13 per share. Looking forward, we expect interest expense to be between $1.2 and $1.3 billion in 2008. This is primarily the result of higher debt levels related to our acquisition of the Danone Biscuit business and activity under our share repurchase program. And finally, as Irene mentioned, our effective tax rate, excluding items, will increase from 31.2% in 2007 to 33.5% in 2008.  I'll take a few minutes now to share some highlights of our business segment results, if you'd turn to Slide 18.  We'll start with North American Beverages, where organic net revenues grew 6.7%. Volume and mix were up strongly from new, better-for-you offerings in powdered and ready-to-drink beverages. In fact, Crystal Light, with functional benefits, extended the success of our stick platform. It drove double-digit powdered beverage growth in the quarter. In Coffee, we saw continued strong growth in premium coffee from both Starbucks and Tassimo. I'd also note here that since the November introduction, Starbucks T-Discs for our Tassimo machine are the most successful T-Disc launch ever, with three times historical customer demand.  In mainstream coffee, Maxwell House trends are improving. As Irene mentioned earlier, we've had an excellent consumer reaction to both the preferred plastic packaging and the new 100% Arabica blend. While it will take time to reverse years of decline, we expect to see further improvement in the months ahead.  At the profit line, Beverages operating income doubled and margin increased 480 basis points. This upside was delivered by the strong growth of higher-margin powdered beverages and premium coffee as well as our more targeted marketing strategy for Tassimo. Please turn to Slide 19. In North American Cheese and Food Service, results were significantly impacted by persistently high barrel cheese prices. Organic net revenues were up 8.4%, almost entirely due to price increases in response to higher dairy costs. While there was some volume growth in the quarter, this was primarily due to buying ahead of our price increases, and this will adversely affect Q1 volumes. It's important to note, however, that where we have invested we're seeing results. For instance, our efforts to revitalize processed cheese slices with better marketing and the introduction of Single Select helped to reverse our share declines in that segment. We delivered double-digit revenue growth and share gains in snacking cheeses in the quarter, and our sales of Live Active cottage cheese are proving to be over 80% incremental to Kraft and about 35% incremental to the category. It's not enough, but it's a start to what will be a big focus area for us in 2008.  Turning to operating income margin, it fell 9.9 percentage points as dairy costs rose over 40%, well above our pricing. Despite that, we continued to fund our growth initiatives to stage this critical business for the future. Our 2008 outlook calls for significant margin improvement from our Q4 performance as we recover higher input costs through pricing.  We also continue to bring more innovation to market and make further investments in building our brand equity for the long term. As a result, we expect to show successive improvement in operating margins and share from Q4 levels as the year unfolds. Now if you'd turn to Slide 20. Moving on to North American Convenient Meals, the investments we've been making in quality base marketing support for new products drove 6.8% organic revenue growth almost entirely due to volume and mix gains, and our market share is up in categories representing 90% of the segment revenues. This growth was driven by such investments as Ultimate Pizza, Mac 'n Cheese, Deli Creations Sandwiches, and Deli Fresh Meats.  The benefits of volume leverage, favorable product mix and cost savings led to a 100 basis point increase in operating income margin, and that was despite higher input costs.  The success we've seen here in 2007 has provided solid momentum going into 2008, including further benefits from volume growth and favorable mix as well as price increases taken in December to cover higher input costs. Now turn to Slide 20 and on to North American Grocery, where organic net revenues were down 3.5%. Our investments to contemporize Jell-O are driving solid revenue and market share growth in desserts. However, this was offset by continuing weakness in salad dressings. As we've mentioned before, reversing many years of decline in our pourable salad dressings business is a priority for the grocery management team in 2008. We've upgraded the quality of the packaging and product, and by the end of the first quarter, we'll be fully national with incremental marketing support. Some of the costs associated with these upgrades impacted our Q4 Grocery margins, and together with our inability to aggressively price into the weak brand equity, our margin was down 3.7 percentage points for the quarter.  Going forward, while Grocery margins in Q1 will be under pressure from the stepped up level of investment in pourable salad dressings, we expect margin trends to progressively improve over the course of the year. Now to Slide 22, looking at North American Snacks and Cereals, organic net revenues were up 4.7% in Q4 behind strong gains from new product platforms. One hundred calorie packs were up strong double-digit again in the quarter and ended the year with $230 million in revenue. Cakesters, after only a half year, has captured over 5% of the billion dollar snack cake market and is on its way to becoming a $100 million product. Our [inaudible] business was again up double-digits, and Garden Harvest chips helped further fuel the growth of our toasted chip platform.  Marketing investments during the quarter led to improved performance in crackers in snack nuts, and we expect to see continued strength in 2008. And finally, solid ready-to-eat cereal growth was driven by Honey Bunches of Oats and the continued recovery in our kids' cereal business. Operating income margins were up 50 basis points. Solid volume growth and productivity offset higher input costs and spending behind our growth initiatives. Going forward, we'll continue to invest in the growth of this business with more innovation and base brand support. And despite rising grain costs, these investments will enable improved net price realization and lead to market share gains. Finally, the divestiture of our Post Cereal business continues to be on track for a mid-2008 closing.  If you'll turn to Slide 23, and I'll turn to our International business.  It continued to post solid organic growth as we focused our investments on our core brands. In the EU, this resulted in a 4.4% organic revenue growth and a fourth consecutive quarter of solid volume and mix gains. Growth from Milka Chocolates, Jacobs and Tassimo Coffee and Philadelphia Cheese were partially offset by declined in local categories.  EU operating income margins declined 170 points. The reason? Top line momentum and productivity were insufficient to recover higher input costs, primarily dairy and cocoa. With dairy and cocoa costs now on the rise in Europe, input cost pressure is expected to worsen in the near term.  In response, we're increasing prices across almost half of the portfolio in Q1. As a result, we expect to see difficult near-term year-over-year volume and margin comparisons.  At the same time, the integration of the Danone Biscuit business is on schedule. It will enhance both our growth prospects and our margin in the EU over the course of 2008 and well into the future. Now on to Slide 24 and finally let's look at Developing Markets. Here again, our focus on core categories and brands delivered another quarter of double-digit organic net revenue growth. Q4 growth was driven by Jacobs Coffee and Milka Chocolates in our EMEA region and Oreo and Tang in both Latin America and Asia Pacific.  At the operating income line, margin was down 4.5 percentage points. This resulted from a combination of investments in marketing, distribution infrastructure, and higher input costs ahead of pricing. Looking forward, Q1 will see soft volumes and a lower profit margin versus a year ago. This is because of significant prices increases related to input costs and a one-time volume reduction in 2008 due to a shift to local sourcing with the opening of a new cheese and powdered soft drink plant in Bahrain. However, we expect both these actions, together with the integration of the Danone Biscuit business, to improve our developing market results as the year unfolds. If you'd turn to Slide 25, and just a few notes on cash flow before we go to questions.  Our full year discretionary cash flow was $2.3 billion, down approximately $200 million from 2006. The entire decrease was due to the decline in operating income, with some offsetting changes on the balance sheet.  Capital expenditures were flat versus 2006 at $1.2 billion, but I would note that we continue to aggressively manage our working capital. After adjusting for the Danone Biscuit acquisition, we reduced our cash conversion cycle by four days from 51 days last year to 47 days this year. We had solid improvement in inventory and payables, but we see further opportunities going forward.  So, to summarize, on Page 26, I would echo Irene's earlier comments. We've had a solid start to our three-year plan to return Kraft to profitable - to reliable growth. We remain confident that our investments and cost reductions will maintain our operating momentum and deliver at least $1.90 of EPS ex items in 2008. Our strategic actions are strengthening our portfolio and future growth prospects and, by 2009, we'll be well positioned to reliably deliver our long-term targets of at least 4% organic net revenue growth and 7% to 9% EPS growth. That's it for our prepared comments. Now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now conduct the question-and-answer portion of the conference. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: You ready?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: Morning, Eric.
Tim McLevish - CFO: Morning, Eric.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I'll keep it to one question. I guess it sounds like you're anticipating in 2008 some moderation in input costs, particularly in the second half, and I guess I'm wondering 1) kind of how prudent is that in this type of volatile market or is that really a function of dairy with the other, you know, inputs kind of still expected to be up?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: Well, Eric, as Tim said, we certainly expect to see input costs up at about the same rate as we saw in 2007. The reality, though, it'll be a mirror image of what we saw in 2007, so the moderation comes from the fact that we'll be lapping the spike year ago. But we do expect to see input costs up at about the same rate. The good news, though, is that our brands are strengthening and we're able to recover those input costs as a result.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Todd Duvick with Bank of America.
Todd Duvick - Bank of America: Good morning.
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: Good morning, Todd.
Tim McLevish - CFO: Good morning, Todd.
Todd Duvick - Bank of America: I had a couple of questions for you, and Tim, I guess this probably falls in your camp. Jim Dollive had previously indicated it was important for Kraft to maintain its tier 2 commercial paper rating, and I was wanting to know if you can tell us if your CP rating continues to be a guidepost in your financial policy?
Tim McLevish - CFO: Yeah, Todd, let me talk a little bit more broadly about capital structure and as we see it today.  As you know, when we first became independent we were underutilizing our balance sheet. Over the course of this past year, we've repurchased about $3.5 billion of stock and borrowed $7 billion to buy Danone Biscuit. Today I would say the leverage on our balance sheet is pretty appropriate. I think the leverage metrics are currently in pretty good position, which supports our BBB credit profile. I do believe that Kraft is well served to maintain investment grade, and I think access to CP markets provides operating flexibility that is of value to us. Our focus - there may be some mix changes in our leverage structure, maybe we switch some between fixed and floating, maybe move the maturity schedules and put in the right currencies and so forth, but overall the levels are pretty appropriate for us. Our focus now is expanding our capacity by improving our cash flows.
Todd Duvick - Bank of America: Okay. Very good. And just one follow-up question on that. You've already termed out a portion of the debt related to the Danone acquisition. Can you tell us anything about the timing and the market that you're considering to term out the remainder?
Tim McLevish - CFO: Yeah, Todd. We did got to market for about half of it late last year, and we still have the other of it to go, but I can't talk specifically about when and where.
Todd Duvick - Bank of America: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Tim Ramey with D. A. Davidson.
Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Good morning. I just continue to wonder about the baseline level of earnings. You always talk about comparability but really the best level of comparability is the GAAP earnings. And others in the sector have gone to looking at GAAP. These charges have been with us since you came public. Why do we continue to think that they are non-recurring?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: Well, Tim, as you know, we laid out a restructuring plan in 2004 that we then updated in 2006. We are finishing up that restructuring plan, and we expect to end that as we exit 2008. Our plans, then, as we go forward and we hit our stride in 2009 will be to report on a GAAP basis. And we've made that commitment and we're underscoring it again today.
Tim McLevish - CFO: That isn't to suggest that we will stop restructuring and spend in further improving our cost structure and improving our brand, but just that it will be as you suggested reported through GAAP earnings without identifying it.
Timothy Ramey - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Terrific.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: I just wanted to follow up on the dairy side. So you've indicated that, I think, that the front half will be the tough part on dairy comparisons, but Irene, I'd really like you to talk to us a little bit more about the strategy on how you repair the Cheese margins and why the price increases haven't come at a much faster rate and been much more significant?  A 53.8% decline in operating profit is just an absolutely astounding number, and I would think that a commoditized category or one that has much more of a commodity feel to it would be much more receptive to prices that were predicated on the underlying commodity. Also in your answer could you just overlay this with the mix improvements from some of the new products that you've launched within that particular business?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: Yeah. First of all, David, I think the issue of recovering the input costs has everything to do with our brand equity and our pricing power. So although we actually took some very significant actions on our Cheese business, our price realization was not as strong as we'd like it to be because we don't yet have suitable brand equity.  As I mentioned, we're starting to see some encouragement on our Singles business as we have made some investments in base marketing as well as in new products like Single Select. But the key to our future in Cheese as it is in so many of our businesses is continuing to ensure that we have invested appropriately in quality, in marketing support, and in innovation to be able to realize those price opportunities. Having said that, I think if you look at our results for 2007 you can see that there's already more pricing power - we already have more price power across the portfolio than we've had in quite some time, and our plan in 2008 is to be able to recover more of those costs, but it has everything to do with our ability to build our brand equity and to build our innovation pipeline.  And we still have some work to do on Cheese, but I think we are at least - we've made a good start.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: So you would say the key here is watching market shares and that would be the lynchpin before you would want to go much more aggressively on price to prevent margin declines like we saw in the quarter. Is that a fair statement?
Tim McLevish - CFO: I would say - let me just talk a little bit about 2007 fourth quarter and what happened with raw cheese prices. Traditionally we see a spike before the holidays in barrel cheese prices, and we tend to price to an average and don't hit the peak. In 2007, which was very uncharacteristic, barrel cheese prices stayed up at the peak level for a prolonged period. They've started to come down now, but they stayed up at that level. We didn't price to the peak. We priced to what we expected to be an average, and we kind of got caught. By the time we realized that, it was too late to price as we'd already put in place our holiday promotions and so forth. So as we go forward, we're going to revisit our pricing paradigm and look at being more precise to raw material input costs as opposed to kind of anticipating what historical patterns have been. So we will more closely price with the barrel cheese prices.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: That's helpful. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Jonathan Feeney with Wachovia Securities.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Good morning. Thank you.
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: I guess also in that vein, I guess, Irene, you said you didn't get the realization, I guess, because you took some pricing in Cheese and Food Service, but didn't can you talk about the mechanics of that? I mean, what would be - I guess let me ask it this way: What would be the downside to taking more aggressive, much more aggressive, price increases and perhaps not protecting some of your holiday promotion and, you know, suffering the volume penalty?  And in answering that, if you wouldn't mind commenting - I don't know, Tim, if you'd rather do that - about private label price gaps, because it's clear to me in this category and a lot of others that some of these store brand and deli cheese manufacturers are much more under the gun than you are to take pricing, and so I guess if you maintain those price gaps, I would think that you would be looking at a much softer sort of landing here in terms of operating profit.
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: Well, I think, Jonathan, I think Tim's comment helps to understand the impact on the fourth quarter, which was simply that the curve stayed up and we were priced to a lower level, and we did not react fast enough because historically we would have expected that curve to come down in the back half of the year. Going forward, we will be pricing much more aggressively and we will in some cases be sacrificing, at least in the early months as the consumers adjust to new higher price points, we will sacrifice some volume. We believe, though, that it will be an industry phenomenon and we will be able to continue grow share in the face of those pricing actions.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: And I'm sorry, Irene. Are private label price gaps about where you'd want them right now? Are they wide? Are they narrow?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: They're about where we'd like them to be. And again, this is an industry phenomenon and we expect that all of the players in the industry are dealing with the same challenges on input costs.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Tim McLevish - CFO: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Can I ask about marketing spending and where things stand at the moment? There was obviously the big step up in overall investment in the business in 2007 and I understand that a lot of that was focused on the fourth quarter. Can you tell us how much that step up was in the fourth quarter and perhaps more importantly, for the whole of 2007, did the consumer marketing as a percent of sales hit that sort of 7 - maybe slightly higher than 7% level - and where do you anticipate it being during the course of 2008? 
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: As you'll see on the year, our aggregate spending hit about 6.9%, so we're making some good progress as we exited 2007 and made the necessary investments in our Wave 1 initiatives. As I mentioned, in 2008 we are going to continue to make progress toward our longer-term target of 8% to 9% revenue and we expect that the aggregate spending, including Danone, will be in the mid-7% range.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Eric Serotta with Merrill Lynch.
Andy Tyler - Toin Consulting: This is actually [Andy Tyler] with [Toin Consulting]. A couple of things, Irene.  As we head into a very challenging environment in the manufacturing arena, what are going to be your operational improvement initiatives regarding lean manufacturing, TPN, and Six Sigma, and what metrics are you using to measure your benefits?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: Eric, we've got a whole host of manufacturing objectives and initiatives. Clearly, to the extent that we are expecting to see continued record high input costs and we are expecting that pricing and productivity together will offset those, we have a whole hose of productivity initiatives designed to improve our performance.  So I don't want to talk about any specific ones today, but I assure you that productivity is a critical piece of our program in 2008 as it has been historically.
Andy Tyler - Toin Consulting: What metrics are you guys using to measure your manufacturing process? Are you looking at OE and RONA? 
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: We look at RONA, we look at OE, we look at a whole variety of other metrics, but the end in mind is to lower our cost per pound on a conversion basis year-over-year.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Terry Bivens with Bear Stearns.
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Good morning, everyone.
Tim McLevish - CFO: Good morning, Terry.
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: Good morning, Terry.
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Going back to Cheese, Irene, I understand your comments there about why it will be a second-half phenomenon there. That's kind of what we're looking at with cheese prices as well. But I'm wondering if it could be a really good second half under the following scenario: If some of your inhibition indeed allows you to kind of keep more pricing than you might ordinarily have, maybe a better contribution from mix. As pricing begins to fall, what would prevent the second half from being significantly better? Would it be private label competition since that, you know, seems to become stubborn even at the high price levels?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: Okay, you know, I don't want to get into hypotheticals on our guidance. We're starting the second year of our three-year plan. If in fact we start to see the market reacts better than we expect to the pricing action, we will continue to invest in our franchises. So I hope the optimistic forecasts are accurate. I think we're planning prudently, but if in fact we do see some upside and in fact the volume impact recovers - the volume recovers faster than anticipated, we will be able to continue to make some investments in our franchises.
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer  UBS: Thanks. Irene, this question's on innovation. At KAGNE, I remember we talked about the innovation pipeline, which needed some serious rebuilding, and so far this year you've had some market share traction in some categories and you've had some hits, but I'm wondering, given the changes that you've been making in management incentives and the organizational changes that you think might help you become more of a focused organization per division on innovation, I'm wondering if you could give us a sense about maybe the real inflection point on your innovation effectiveness, you know, when that might happen in '08 perhaps, and what the innovation [inaudible] really looks like today. Thanks.
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: Well, David, I feel much better about innovation pipeline today than I did a year ago. We're going to share a lot of - I'll give you a lot more visibility of that at KAGNE.  But just a couple of the items that I talked about are not just new items that we launched in 2007. They're platforms. So Oreo Cakesters, for example, is our entry into a $1 billion snack cake category. We've got a whole pipeline that comes behind that. Ultimate Pizza is our entry into the upper mainstream pizza segment, and you'll see some new items coming in there. Live Active Cheese is our entry into the $500 million pre- and pro-biotic category. You'll see some additional items there. So really across the portfolio, in addition to some of the actions we're taking on core businesses like our Maxwell House Coffee, 100% Arabic product, as well as our pourables items, which have been significantly upgraded, I think you'll see a much more robust pipeline than we had a year ago, and that's what gives me the confidence that we can maintain our top-line momentum even as we're taking the pricing that we've indicated.
David Palmer - UBS: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Andrew Lazar with Lehman Brothers.
Tim McLevish - CFO: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: Irene, it's been interesting to see the industry and the way they're going about pricing, and obviously the whole industry's been playing catch up because no one expected costs to rise as quickly as they did. But I'm wondering if some of the pricing initiatives you're taking now, you know, do you feel good enough about sort of the quality initiatives and where your portfolio is across the board that you can take pricing now that is more anticipatory of what may, you know, or may not but could happen from an input cost standpoint as we go through the year and even into '09 and beyond? In other words, will '08 be another year where hopefully you're kind of still catching up but maybe getting closer, or is there a potential to really be ahead of it based on what you're trying to do with pricing, like in the fourth quarter?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: Look, Andrew, I think there's no question that our pricing power has improved. If you look at the 5% revenue growth that we turned in in 2007, we've got 2 points of pricing in that growth together with 3 points of all mix, which I think is a stronger performance than you've seen from us in quite some time. 2008 we're going to get a lot closer to recovering input costs. Given the high levels, though, I'm not expecting we're going to go much ahead of that, but I think as Tim said, particularly as we look at markets like dairy, we're looking to get much closer to the marketplace so that we don't find ourselves caught behind.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Chris Growe with Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: I just have two questions for you. The first one, I'm just curious relative to your Developing Markets business, are there ongoing investments there that will continue to kind of constrain the operating margin progress in that division given the strong revenue growth?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: Well, we're going to continue to make investment, Chris, in the Developing Markets. We've seen double-digit growth from that geography and we expect that that will continue going forward. As we look ahead, though, we will continue to take aggressive pricing actions as part of that. So I think we will continue to see improvement in our overall margins. In some of our individual markets, there are some one-times in the base that might map that a little bit, but in aggregate we are looking for improved margin expansion from our Developing Markets as we are from the EU.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And my second question was just relative to North America. You've obviously spent a lot of money on sort of the quality upgrades - the marketing, the R&D, the new products - and, you know, throughout the year we saw product mix weakening - product mix, a benefit to the company, weakening from North America itself.  Is that due to a certain category, usually Beverages can kind of shift there, or is that just related to the new products, we're seeing less of an incremental benefit there?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: Actually, I think it was just the mathematical impact of the fact that volume started to become a bigger part of the equation. So I think you're going to continue to see - in 2008 as I mentioned, pricing will play a bigger part in our overall revenue growth and mix will continue to be important. As we look at the new items in our pipeline, they are generally higher margin than their base counterparts, and we expect that trend to continue as well as the impact that we're seeing on our base business as we migrate some of our base products like Ultimate Pizza, like Jacobs Symphony, to the upper mainstream end.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And did you say we're marketing, as you define it, end of the year sort of as a percentage of sales, you're talking like mid-7s in 2008. Where did it end in 2007?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: 6.9
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Pablo Zuanic with J. P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Pablo Zuanic - J. P. Morgan: Good morning, everyone.
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: Good morning, Pablo.
Pablo Zuanic - J. P. Morgan: Irene, I guess I'm very [inaudible] to use your own profit margin expansion and I want to go back to a question - in the past, 2002, your margins were 21% at a consolidated level. This year, around 14%. I know you said you cannot go back to 21%, but in that long-term growth algorithm of 7% to 9% EPS growth, what are you thinking about margin expansion? And if I can - and that's really a question, but I want to expand a little bit on a point here. If I'm not wrong, your marketing expense was 6.9% at KAGNE. That's what you said in 2006. So as a percentage of sales, you did not increase. So I'm trying to think is that good or bad?  In a way maybe it's good because we've seen your volume grow, you've seen your mix, you've got innovation, but on the other hand I'm thinking you want to go from 6.9% to 8% or 10%, that's going to be a drag on margins for awhile. So help me think through that and combine with that, of course, you know, the idea of the long-term [inaudible] on profit margins. Thank you.
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: Yeah. Let me see if I can help you through that, Pablo. Our 2006 marketing A&C investment was about 6.8% and we took it up to 6.9%, so now we saw a 10 basis point increase but more importantly, it was in the face of these unprecedented commodity costs, and I feel very good about that. So as we enter 2008, as I mentioned, we're targeting to be more in the mid-7 range with the addition of Danone and we'll continue to be making some investments, but not quite at the same rate as we were making in the past. The question with respect to margin expansion, let me see if I can help you through that. Clearly, our strategy is working and we will continue to execute that strategy in 2008. We will see margin expansion, as Tim and I said, but it will not come quite as rapidly as we had hoped because of the fact that higher costs are going to necessitate price increases and we will see some dampening impact in the near term on volume as the market adjusts. The good news is we clearly are seeing brand strength - our brands strengthening as a result of the investments that we've made, and so we expect that over time we'll continue to be able to benefit - we will be able to benefit from the operating leverage that we've laid out in our growth algorithm.
Pablo Zuanic - J. P. Morgan: And to just follow up there if I may, you know, your operating margins are 10% and Heinz and Kellogg, maybe different markets, different programs, they have 17%, 18% margins. There's a huge gap there. I mean, what's - are we looking at, you know, 20, 30 basis points a year only? Where did your comps - in North America and Europe, your margins are way below peers. And I don't know, is that an issue, you think of your product mix, your markets, or is there room for faster margin [inaudible].
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: Pablo, there's no question that our EU margins need to expand, and we are in the process of taking a number of actions there. We had a very strong performance this past year on the top line in the EU after many years of decline, and I think we've got our base business moving in the right direction. Our focus in 2008 will be to begin to expand margins, and we've got a number of initiatives in place to allow us to do that over the next few years. So we're not satisfied with our margins in the EU, but again, I believe that the investments that we've made in our core brands - like the Jacobs and like Milka will serve us well as we move forward and we start to recover more of the input costs.
Pablo Zuanic - J. P. Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Hello?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: Hello, Ken.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: You indicated that European commodity costs have now started to increase. The question that I have around that is why the delay relative to the U.S.? What has changed, and is your pricing ability in Europe better or worse than that in the U.S.?
Tim McLevish - CFO: Let me say there's a couple of differences. In Europe, we tend to use more potted dairy input products, and that has lagged a little bit, general dairy in North America. The other thing is we're much more - cocoa is a much more important cost in Europe for our chocolate business. So that's the lag. And I would say, again, as we continue to execute our strategy in Europe as we do globally to build our brands, we think that it will give us more pricing power and we'll be better able to withstand the input cost increases.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Is the consumer in Europe more willing to take on the price increase than the U.S. or different? Can you just talk about the consumer acceptance of higher prices?
Tim McLevish - CFO: I don't think consumers ever like to have higher prices, but I think that there's a general recognition that across all categories the consumer is going to be facing globally increasing prices as a result of the run up in commodities. So we'll just keep having to push at it.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Robert Moscow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: Thank you. My question is, you know, consumer staples investors have more and more been looking at companies with high exposure internationally, thinking that North America is under a lot of pressure from the top line perspective and their growth is international. In your forecast for '08, I thought I heard some negative outlook on commodity costs in the EU and volume in emerging markets. Are you expecting profit growth, specifically profit growth, to lag internationally compared to the rest of your portfolio, and would you even think that despite maybe an 8% benefit here from currency that profits could actually be flat internationally in 2008?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: Actually, Robert, we're looking for margin expansion across the portfolio. As I mentioned before, the first half will be a little more challenging because of the higher input costs relative to a year ago, but we expect to see margin expansion across the portfolio and around the world.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, so do you - if you look at International and North America, where do you think more of the profit growth is coming in '08?
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: Well, there's no question in the near term more of the profit growth will come from North America, and of course that's almost 80% of our portfolio, so that makes you feel pretty good. In the EU, we will continue to build on our base momentum while we expand margins, and it'll take us a little bit longer to get there. 
Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Good morning, everyone. 
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: Good morning.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Just a question on, you know, the last several years - well let me start here. It seems like your guidance and your plan for this year assumes kind of a run rate of commodity costs going forward and that hasn't been the case at the start of each of the last several years. In other words, commodity prices have continued to increase. What's the risk if that happens again this year, and what can you do about it beyond just looking for further price increases?
Tim McLevish - CFO: Well, we continue to focus on productivity, reduction of overhead, certainly. I mean, we aren't forecasting what will happen to commodities. Obviously, we have taken a view to reflect our earnings guidance. But we are expecting that we will continue to see pressure in commodities, particularly in the first half of the year and particularly because we have the yearon-year comparison where they were at a lower level and we saw most of the increase in most of the commodities coming in the second half. But we will continue to invest back to build our brands. We think we've gotten good traction there. We think we have better pricing power, but of course we're going to be continuing to focus on productivity and overhead reduction.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Thanks for taking the follow up. I guess the first question, just more of a technical question, is there - given the changes and I guess better performance on the restructuring, I had assumed that there was roughly $500, $550 million or so of cash cost from the restructuring in '08. Is that still accurate or should that be less given the changes?
Tim McLevish - CFO: I think the cash cost will be about the same. It may drop a little bit commensurately with the reduction in the overall program, but I would say directionally that number is pretty good.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you. And then as a follow up, I'm just not clear exactly, Irene, on kind of how this flows in that I think Danone, you said, would be initially dilutive to margins, the Post deal, you know, roughly $0.07 to $0.13 annualized dilution and margin dilutive once that hits. How does all that square at the end of the day with margins still being up and input costs being up? I just - maybe it's because I already include the divestiture of Post in our numbers, as I think most analysts have already done. Help me kind of bridge this gap.
Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO: It's actually very simple, Eric. Our margins will be up. They will be up a little less than they would have been on our base business because of the addition of Danone. It's got a very attractive margin, but as you know, international margins are a little bit lower than the Kraft average, so it's just simple math. But the net of it is that the guidance that we've given you assumes margin expansion as a consequence of the pricing actions that we're taking together with our productivity and our overhead leverage.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: And that doesn't include any impact of the Post divestiture?
Tim McLevish - CFO: That's correct. That's correct.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: And is the Post divestiture still - are those numbers, the $0.07 to $0.13, is that still a reasonable number?
Tim McLevish - CFO: Yeah. Let me step back. The guidance that we have given assumes that Post is in for the full year. We don't know when that will take place, and therefore to try to anticipate an additional variable about when it may take place and what actual impact it will have for the year, we chose to keep it in there and when we get close to that happening and we can better define a date, we'll update you on what impact it would have. And it's still, you know, we're generally looking at a midyear timeframe.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your final question is from [Virginia Chandless] with J. P. Morgan.
Virginia Chandless - J. P. Morgan: Thanks. Actually its a question on the divestiture of Post. I think when you initially announced that, you indicated that you were intending for about $950 million of sort of debt transfer, debt assumption by Ralcorp. Is that still the intention so that net debt will be reduced by $950 million as part of that transaction?
Tim McLevish - CFO: Yes, that's what we're intending.
Virginia Chandless - J. P. Morgan: Okay. And then another question on the short-term debt balances. I mean, clearly pretty large, around $8 billion, at the end of the year, and part of that is the Danone bridge but can you sort of give us some guidance on how much commercial paper you're comfortable sort of operating the business with?
Tim McLevish - CFO: Well, the level of commercial paper is obviously at a peak. We did try to go to market with more of the Danone bonds late last year, and the markets were not conducive to going forward. We clearly want to bring the commercial paper down to more normal levels. We do have $4.5 billion worth of backup standby credit line, so that puts some limitations on our CP ability. Part of that obviously is that we have a bridge loan on funding; that's not drawing on commercial paper. 
Virginia Chandless - J. P. Morgan: Okay.
Tim McLevish - CFO: Again, our AP2 ratings are quite important to us, so we're maintaining our leverage consistent with that.
Virginia Chandless - J. P. Morgan: Would a more normalized level of CP be in maybe the $2 billion range?
Tim McLevish - CFO: I like to keep an active program, and on an ongoing basis, that's probably the direction we track.
Virginia Chandless - J. P. Morgan: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Chris Jakubik - IR: Thank you. Thanks, everybody, for joining us. If the analysts have any further questions - this is Chris Jakubik - I'll be around all day. For those in the media with questions, Lisa Gibbons will be available and you can reach her at 8476464538.  Thanks very much, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's Kraft Foods fourth quarter 2007 and year end earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-31 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Jakubik  IR  Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO  Tim McLevish - Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts : Alexia Howard - SanfordBernstein  Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns Steven Kron - Goldman Sachs Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch David Palmer  UBS Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Jonathan Feeney  Wachovia Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse Edgar Roesch - Banc of AmericaSecurities
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Kraft Foods third quarter2007 earnings conference call. Today's call is scheduled to last about onehour, including remarks by Kraft Foods management and the question-and-answersession. (Operator Instructions)  I will now turn the call over to Mr. Chris Jakubik, VicePresident of Investor Relations for Kraft. Please go ahead, sir. 
Chris Jakubik : Thank you and good morning. Thanks for joining us on ourconference call. I'm Chris Jakubik, Vice President of Investor Relations. Withme are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and Tim McLevish, our ChiefFinancial Officer.  Our earnings release was sent out earlier today and isavailable on our website, Kraft.com.  As you know, during this call, we may make forward-lookingstatements about the companys performance. These statements are based on howwe see things today so they contain an element of uncertainty. Actual resultsmay differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to thecautionary statements and risk factors contained in the companys 10-K and 10-Qfilings for a more detailed explanation of the inherent limitations in suchforward-looking statements.  Some of today's prepared remarks will exclude those itemsthat affect comparability. These excluded items are captured in our GAAP tonon-GAAP reconciliations within our news release and they are also available onour website.  We'll begin today's call with Irenes perspective on ourthird quarter. Then Tim will provide an overview of our financials and resultsof operations. After that, we'll take your questions.  With that, I'll hand it to Irene. 
Irene Rosenfeld : Thanks, Chris. Good morning. As we reported in thismornings press release, we posted organic revenue growth of just over 6% inQ3, and EPS ex items that were $0.02 lower than the prior year. Broadly speaking, our top line growth is stronger than Iwould have expected at this point in our transformation plan. At the same time,higher input costs and the impact on our margins are a bigger challenge than Iwould have anticipated. To be more specific, I am encouraged that our top linemomentum continues to build and that our businesses are responding to thegrowth initiatives we launched earlier this year. We have had three consecutivequarters of improved organic net revenue growth; and in Q3, revenue growthaccelerated in every geography. I am especially pleased that we also had solid volume gains,despite significant price increases. That is a clear sign that our brand equityis strengthening. In businesses where our investments in quality, marketingand new products have had time to gain traction, we generated solid volume mixgains and capture market share, despite price increases. Prime examples are Mac n Cheese, cold cutsand cookies. A number of the newproducts weve launched this year promise to be sizeable businesses and highlyincremental to our base. These include Oreo Cakesters, Live Active Cheeses,Easy Mac cups, Ultimate Pizza and Deli Creation sandwiches. In fact, we expectthe revenue contribution from new products in 2007 to be more than 30% higherthan 2006.  Our growth initiatives in our focus categories are alsobeginning to generate share gains. In Q3, we gained share in 47% of our NorthAmerican business, versus only 38% for the trailing 52 weeks. That is not yetwhere we need to be; we expect to have over 50% of our revenues growing sharein the near term, and at least two-thirds longer term. We are moving in the right direction, and you should seefurther improvements as more programs hit the market in the fourth quarter.Highlights include new campaigns for Maxwell House behind our Advantage productand package; and Planters, capitalizing on the natural goodness of this iconicsnack brand. We will also have a furtherstep-up in spending on our international growth initiatives. As our wave 1 investments gain traction in the marketplace,I remain confident that this will set the stage for continued top line momentumand share gains into 2008 and beyond. Despite our progress on the top line and in market share, westill have some significant challenges. The biggest is our margin performance.We are in a much tougher input cost environment that we had expected. In thequarter, gross margins declined 240 basis points, even after pricing actionsand manufacturing productivity. Frankly, we havent yet rebuilt the brandequity of our portfolio to the point where we can fully recover input costinflation through a combination of pricing and productivity. This has been particularly true in our North American cheesebusiness, where dairy costs in the third quarter were up 40% versus prior year,and current spot prices are not reflecting their historical seasonal decline,leading to record high average barrel cheese costs for 2007. The easy thing to do would be to cut our investments ingrowth to improve our near-term profit margins; but as I said last quarter, theinput cost environment will not change our plans to make the necessaryinvestments to improve the quality of our products and to rebuild the equity ofour brands. These investments are essential to adding value to ourproducts, and therefore to our ability to manage input cost inflation over thelong term. Our investments are also key to driving the acceleratedvolume growth and stronger product mix that will leverage our overhead costs,lead to higher operating margins, and restore Kraft to reliable growth. In the face of these extraordinary cost increases, we arealso taking more aggressive actions to reduce our overhead costs. To date, wehave been able to achieve savings at a faster rate while incurring lessexpense. Cumulative savings under ourrestructuring program are now expected to reach $775 million this year, versusour expectation of $700 million at the start of the year; and there is more tocome. Looking at our total restructuring program, we expect to come in at thesame cost and reach higher savings than the $1 billion originally expected.  If you recall in September, as part of our strategy torewire the organization for growth, I announced a new organizational structureto place key resources closer to the market, increase accountability, speeddecisionmaking and streamline headquarters. We have now defined the structure,identified the accountable business units and named the leaders of those units. Based on the work to-date, I am even more convinced that ournew structure and new leadership team will simplify our operations and increaseour agility and competitiveness in the marketplace. As you might have seen on Monday, we named Mary Beth West asour new Chief Marketing Officer. As Headof North America Beverages, Mary Beth helped develop our successful go tomarket strategy for Tassimo in the U.S.and engineered the reawakening of our Maxwell House brand that has just hit themarket. She brings a strong, consumer-centric approach to business challengesand will play a key role in helping to upgrade the capabilities of ourmarketing teams and improve the effectiveness of our programs.  We still have a few more personnel holes to fill, includinga new leader for our North American cheese business and we'll be in a betterposition to quantify the incremental savings from these actions as we exit theyear and put the new structure in place in early 2008.  Finally, we continue to take the necessary steps tostrengthen our portfolio; to exit businesses where we do not have a clearcompetitive advantage, so that we may allocate our capital and managementresources to those businesses that can grow and generate attractive returns forour shareholders. Specifically, we justclosed the sale of our Fruit 2.0 and Veryfine bottled beverage assets, andwe're on track to close the acquisition of Danone biscuits by year end.  In sum, I am encouraged by the continued progress in theearly stages of our transformation plan. We're doing what we said we would doand we are seeing signs that our efforts and investments are paying off. Westill have a number of challenges, but we are addressing them and I remainconfident that we are on track to restore Kraft to reliable growth.  Now I will turn the call over to Tim. 
Tim McLevish: Thanks, Irene and good morning. Before I begin, please keepin mind that unless otherwise noted, my comments will exclude the itemsaffecting comparability that were highlighted in our press release.  In the third quarter, our organic net revenues increased astrong 6.2%. That's up from 3.9% organic growth in the first six months of theyear. Volume and mix accounted for about two-thirds of the Q3 growth, as manyof our wave 1 investments in quality, new products and marketing began to hitthe market.  Net pricing was up 2.3 percentage points versus 1% in thefirst six months of the year, as we have begun to see the realization of priceincreases taken earlier this year. Overall, we had a great improvement on thetop line.  Turning to the drivers of profit and earnings, there arethree factors to highlight. First, our lower price realization improved in Q3;our gross margin was down 240 basis points versus Q3 last year. Higher inputcosts and our investments in product quality more than offset pricing andproductivity gains. For the year, we expect our input costs will be up about 9%versus 2006. We expect gross margin pressures to continue in Q4 and into 2008as well.  Second, because of the decline in gross margin, ouroperating income margin was down 210 basis points. On the positive side, Iwould note that our overhead cost declined as a percentage of sales, meaningour cost savings are coming through, and we began to generate some operatingleverage due to a combination of volume mix, growth from our investments andrestructuring savings.  Looking forward, we expect operating income margins tocontinue to be pressured over the next several months, due to higher inputcosts. However, in 2008 we will leverage improved price realization, volumegrowth and improved product mix while driving down our overhead cost to achievehigher operating margins versus 2007.  Third, below the line we benefited by approximately $0.02from a combination of a lower effective tax rate and our share repurchaseactivity. In the quarter, our effective tax rate was 31.3%, reflecting one-timeadjustments from the impact of various foreign tax law changes. As a result ourguidance for the year is now 32.5% versus our earlier forecast of 33.5%.  On the share repurchase front, during the quarter werepurchased another $1 billion of our stock. In the first six months since thespin-off, we have repurchased $3 billion or 5.6% of our shares outstanding atan average price of $33.02.  If you recall, in September we raised our guidance to $1.80to $1.82, reflecting strong revenue growth, lower taxes and further sharerepurchase. Our Q3 results came in very much as we had expected and thereforewe remain confident in our guidance, despite continued cost pressures.  I'll take a few minutes now to share some highlights of ourbusiness segment results. We'll start with North America,where Q3 results reflected the launch of most of our wave 1 growth investments.In North America beverages, organic net revenues grew5.3%. Our focus on health and wellness and premium offerings is paying off.  Capri Sun ready-to-drink pouches wereup strongly from the addition of antioxidants and functional benefits, as wellas from teaming up with Nabisco for a back-to-school promotion.  In coffee, Starbucks premium coffees continued to growstrongly, combined with another quarter of 70% growth from Tassimo, as ourrevised go-to-market strategy continues to gain traction. Our market share incoffee was still down in the quarter, as gains in the premium segment wereoffset by mainstream weakness. However, October 1st marked the beginning of ourMaxwell House Reawakening ad campaign in support of our improved offering.Customer and consumer reaction to both the package and the new 100% Arabicablend has been enthusiastic and we expect positive results from the program tobegin in Q4 and to continue into 2008.  At the profit line, beverages operating income marginincreased 260 basis points. Volume growth, favorable product mix, pricing andthe benefits of our new Tassimo strategy more than offset higher input costs.We expect a similar profile in the fourth quarter.  In North America cheese and foodservice, results were impacted by unprecedented barrel cheese prices. Organicnet revenues were up 5.6%, mainly due to price increases reflecting higherdairy costs but operating income margins fell over 6 percentage points as wechose not to price to peak input costs and continued to fund our growthinitiatives to lay the necessary foundation for long-term growth of thisbusiness.  Dairy prices have remained uncharacteristically highthroughout 2007, likely leading to record high average barrel cheese prices.Three major factors have combined to break the historical cyclicality of thecheese curve. Australiacontinues to suffer from a second year of severe drought. A weak U.S. dollar ismaking U.S.dairy exports attractive, and demand for milk powders has grown globally,particularly in Asia and North Africa. In the face of this, we've taken significant action. About80% of our cheese portfolio has been priced at least once in 2007 and pricingactions have ranged from 2% to 13% for an average 7% increase overall. However,absolute price levels are causing weak category volumes and driving moreconsumers to trade down to private label versus historical norms. As a result,both our volumes and market share of total cheese are down year-to-date.  Clearly our pricing and innovation have not been enough tomanage this input cost volatility. However, our new initiatives are beginningto move us in the right action. Live Active prebiotic and probiotic cheeses areoff to a good start. To date, Live Active cottage cheese has captured a 1.6%share of cottage cheese and is more than 85% incremental. Live Active naturalcheese has a 2.6% share of the natural cheese snacking category.  Also, Kraft Singles Select has already gained 1 share pointof the processed slices category, one month after introduction. Fixing ourcheese business will take time and continued investment. As a result, we expectoperating income margins in this business to be under pressure for the balanceof 2007 and into the beginning of 2008.  Moving on to North America convenientmeals, revenue momentum has been building with each successive quarter in 2007.The investments we have been making in marketing, quality and new productsdrove strong volume and mix gains while we've increased pricing across most ofthe business.  The introduction of Ultimate Pizza is helping to turn aroundour share of frozen pizza. Ultimates share of the category was about 3% in Q3and all four Ultimate SKUs are in the top 5% of category dollar sales in Q3.  Mac n Cheese is also gaining share, up over half a point inthe latest 52 weeks, driven by our investments in quality and new products. EasyMac cups have been more than 50% incremental to our business year-to-date, andhave been a key driver of the double-digit growth of our Mac n Cheesebusiness.  Finally, Oscar Meyer continued to post strong growth behindboth Deli Creation Sandwiches and Deli Shaved Meats. In fact, Deli Shaved Meatsnow have nearly a 10% share of the total cold cuts category. The result: 8%organic net revenue growth for convenient meals in the third quarter.  However, operating income margins fell in the quarter,negatively impacted by three factors: the impact of divested operations; higherinput costs, including investments in quality and new capacity; and incrementalmarketing investments. Going forward, we expect profit margins in convenientmeals to improve as we see continued momentum from our growth initiatives.  On to North American grocery, where organic net revenueswere essentially flat. We are at the early stages of contemporizing thesehighly profitable brands. Jell-O is the first and earliest of our efforts. Thetotal Jell-O franchise is up about 5% year-to-date, and it was up 7% in Q3behind strong momentum from new, better-for-you products. We will be launchingan integrated marketing campaign to rejuvenate dry packaged Jell-O in Q4.  Pourable salad dressings will be next as we look to reversemany years of weakness in this franchise. We're upgrading the quality of thepackaging and product and we'll be fully national with incremental marketingsupport in the first quarter of 2008. Some of the costs associated with theseactivities will weigh in our grocery margins in the fourth quarter.  Looking at North American snacks and cereals, organic netrevenues were up 4.6%, led by growth of 5.5% in snacks. Several successful platformsare driving our snacks growth and serve as good examples of the impact ofreframing our categories. For instance, revenue growth of our higher marginNabisco 100-calorie packs was up 51% in Q3.  Second, during the third quarter, the introduction of Oreo Cakesterscaptured a 6 share of the billion-dollar snack cake segment with two of thecategory's top 10 SKUs and a 3 share of total cookies. Considering that we onlylaunched the product in late July, we're expecting even better things to come.  Third, our toasted chips platform grew 18% in Q3 versus theprior year and is now over a 3 share of the cracker category. Our new Garden HarvestChips have captured 1 share point since being introduced with velocities wellahead of competitive products. But despite some promising success, our marketshare performance in snacks remains mixed. While our cookie share is up, westill have areas that need to be fixed, namely Planters and our broader crackerbusiness. Going forward, we expect our strong new product line up, and bettermarketing support across the snacks business, to accelerate organic growth andimprove market share trends.  Operating income margins in the quarter fell 230 basispoints as solid volume and product mix gains were offset by higher input costs,spending behind our growth initiatives, and dilution from the sale of Cream ofWheat. Clearly, given the high cost of grains, our input costs are on the risein our snacks business, placing increased emphasis on improving net pricerealization.  As a result, we're considering a combination of list priceincreases, targeted reductions in trade spending and productivity in order tomanage these costs going forward. Nonetheless, we will continue to invest inthe growth of this business and in 2007 we'll have a solid base from which todrive growth.  Now I'll turn to our international business which continuedto post solid organic growth as we focus on our investments in our core brands.The EU continued its return to moderate growth, increasing organic net revenuesby 4.9 percentage points. In fact, EU organic revenue is up 3.3% year-to-date,its best performance in the last three years. Our two largest growthcategories, chocolate and coffee, have been the main drivers.  Chocolate delivered double-digit growth this quarter. Thereare two key reasons: a combination of new product launches and a double-digitincrease in marketing behind core brands like Milka and Toblerone. Secondly,cooler weather across the EU. Coffee growth was driven by two factors also. Categorygrowth and market share gains from the successful restaging of our Tassimo on-demandcoffees and new product activity under our core Jacobs brand.  EU operating margins declined 220 basis points. There aretwo major reasons: First, 2007 is a year of investment to revitalize our corebrand equities through market and promotion; in fact, A&C spendingex-Tassimo will be at its highest level in three years.  The second is higher input costs. Coffee and dairy costshave been on the rise and as mentioned earlier, these businesses -- especiallyin Germany --are not yet strong enough to enable us to fully recover these costs. In fact, withdairy costs now on the rise in Europe, input cost pressureis likely to get worse in the EU before it gets better.  Looking ahead, although we'll continue to make the necessaryinvestments to strengthen our core equities in coffee, chocolate and biscuits,we are actively pursuing additional ways to reduce costs and improve margins.  Moving on to developing markets, where we delivered anotherquarter of solid growth with organic net revenues up double-digits. All regionsposted better growth in the third quarter than in the first half of the year.Our focus on key brands and key products is paying off in each region. Thisincluded Jacobs coffee as well as Milka and Alpen Gold chocolate in our EMEAregion; Oreo and Club Social biscuits, Lacta chocolate and Tang beverages in Latin America; and Oreo and Tang in Asia Pacific.  At theoperating income line, margins were up slightly. The benefits of higher pricingand volume growth were offset by higher input costs and higher investments inmarketing and distribution. Going forward, we expect continued strong top lineperformance from developing markets. However, we expect continued marginpressures as we step up our investment and marketing support and expandeddistribution.  Finally, I would like to comment on our restructuringprogram. Annualized savings from the program are up to $720 million and we nowexpect them to reach $775 million by year end, up from the $700 million levelwe expected at the start of the year.  On the cost side, we have incurred $326 million year-to-dateand we now expect total cost of $500 million for the year, down from anexpectation of $625 million at the beginning of the year.  As Irene mentioned earlier, we do expect to generate bettersavings than originally planned over the life of the program and we'll closeout the program by the end of 2008. Obviously, the actions we will take toimplement our new organization structure are part of our restructuring program,so we would be in a better position to update you as we exit the year.  From 2009 onward, we expect to maintain a normalized levelof spending and cost savings initiatives each year, which will be part of ourongoing results. 
Irene Rosenfeld : Thanks, Tim. In sum,from an overall perspective I feel good about our business momentum and theearly returns from our growth initiatives. We can see that our investments inquality, marketing and new products are driving improved organic growth. We'regenerating solid volume and mix gains, despite significant price increases andwe're beginning to leverage our cost savings.  We still have challenges, particularly in the face of higherinput costs, but we're making the necessary investments for long-term growthand have maintained our full year EPS guidance of $1.80 to $1.82. I remainconfident that our transformation plan will maintain our top line momentum anddeliver improved margins in 2008. We would now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Alexia Howard - SanfordBernstein. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein : A couple of quick ones. Marketing spending. I know thatwe've got this incremental $300 million to $400 million this year that coversmarketing, SAP, R&D and better ingredients. Could you tell us how much ofthat went into the third quarter and how much is left for the rest of the year?
Irene Rosenfeld : We haven't actually quantified the pieces that went intoeach of the quarters, Alexia, but as I said, our spending is back half loadedand it will be a combination of Q3/Q4 with more of it skewing to Q4, which iswhy we're anticipating continued progress on our share growth in Q4. 
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein : Another quick one about the differential between pricing andinput costs, obviously very negative this quarter. I'm not sure whether you canquantify that. Going forward, do you see that differential closing in Q4 or arewe likely to have to wait until next year for that gap to start to close? 
Irene Rosenfeld : Well, as we said, we're covering only about half of ourcosts at this point. It's primarily an issue related to dairy and it has a lotto do with the strength of our brand equity and that's why we continue to makethe necessary investments.  As we look forward to the fourth quarter, I think it's goingto look a lot like the third quarter. We should continue to see strong top linemomentum and continued pressure on margins. But as we exit this year, as we'vediscussed, I believe we have programs in place that will allow us to make thekind of gains in our operating margins that we had given in our guidance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns. 
Terry Bivens - BearStearns : Just a couple of things, I know you probably won't get intoguidance until the fourth quarter but Tim, is there any way we can get anadvanced look at what you are thinking about in terms of the tax rate? That isa pretty big swing factor here. You've given us one for this year, obviously;but any comment there, looking into '08? 
Tim McLevish: First of all, as you saw, our rates have progressively comedown over the course of the year as we identify opportunities that fall withinthe discrete category in the year. We're now anticipating the 32.5% for fullyear as opposed to previous guidance of 33.5%.  Clearly, as we think about the tax rate and as I get moreengaged in better understanding where we've been and what the opportunitiesare, we'll be more thoughtful about how we plan the rate rather than start outthe year with a high rate and progressively bring it down.  Secondly, as I engage in looking at opportunities, I amconfident that we will find ways to overall better manage the tax rates, but atthis point I'm not prepared to commit to a number. 
Terry Bivens - BearStearns : On commodities, Kellogg I am sure you're aware talked aboutsome pretty significant input inflation going into next year, be it energy orfood ingredients. What is your preliminary view on where that might go, '08over '07? 
Tim McLevish: Again, we're not going to get into specific guidance on 2008but certainly commodity costs are putting pressure across many of ourcategories in our businesses. It is particularly exacerbating the dairysituation, where dairy costs are at unprecedented levels. Despite fundamentalmarkets in the U.S.,we're seeing the prices are holding up there more so than we would anticipate.No question, this is going to provide headwind in 2008 and certainly in theearlier part of the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Kron - Goldman Sachs. 
Steven Kron - GoldmanSachs : Following up on the marketing initiatives, the $300 millionto $400 million. I was a littlesurprised that the marketing and administration line was a little bit favorableon the year-over-year basis, so clearly the trade-off of some of the costbenefits that you're seeing, whether it be overhead or other initiatives, isoffsetting the incremental spending. Can you maybe talk a little bit about howyou expect that line to trend going forward? 
Irene Rosenfeld : Well again, Steven, as we said our focus is going to be tocontinue to make the necessary investments in the business and you're seeingplay through. We are continuing to work though to offset some of the otherinput costs with continued focus on overhead. What you're beginning to see inthis quarter is indicative of what we're going to continue to push on goingforward.  If you remember our fundamental growth formula, it is forpricing and productivity over time to offset input costs and to use volumegrowth and mix together with a continued focus on overhead cost savings toincrease operating margins. So we're seeing some of the early benefit of that,we expect that we'll continue to benefit more from the overhead opportunity in2008. 
Tim McLevish: We continue to drive opportunities to manage the overheadpiece of it. We want to continue to invest in the advertising and consumer andas Irene mentioned, we want to continue investing in building our brand. Rightnow, we're not able to offset the commodity increase costs with pricing but aswe build our brands we'll be even better positioned to do that. 
Steven Kron - GoldmanSachs : I think this is the first time I think in four or five yearswhere cost to the consumer on products that are eaten at home, food at homeproducts is outpacing that of food away from home. I was just wondering, givenyour size and diversity of product and customer, whether you could provide somecomments? Clearly the cheese category is feeling the price sensitivity; tradedown to private label, as you indicated. What about across your othercategories, your other brands? Are you seeing the price realization a lot moredifficult to achieve? Maybe you could talk little bit about how you're thinkingabout pricing in some of those other categories going forward. 
Irene Rosenfeld : I would argue that we're actually seeing better pricingrealization as we have come out of the third quarter than we've seen in quitesome time and I've been particularly pleased by the fact that our volume andmix have held up in the face of that.  As we exit the year, we will continue to see the impact ofpricing as it plays through on a number of our categories. But there is noquestion that we are in somewhat uncharted water in a number of thesecategories as we reflect the impact of input costs to the P&L. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch. 
Eric Serotta -Merrill Lynch : I just wanted to circle back on Alexia's question regardingthe marketing and other quality investments and investment spending in thethird quarter. Last quarter, Irene, you made the comment that about 75% of the in-marketactivity would occur in the second half. I realize you don't want to get intospecifics of dollars spent, but could you give us some sort of feeling as topercentage left to go for the fourth quarter? 
Irene Rosenfeld : No,we're not prepared to provide that number at this time, Eric. Again, I'll tellyou that particularly as we look at some of the launches that are pending, our MaxwellHouse Reawakening program, our Planters campaign launch, a number of otherprograms on both cheese and biscuits, we are looking to see continued increasein our spending in the fourth quarter. 
Eric Serotta -Merrill Lynch : Tim, is it fair to say that your accruals for thisinvestment spending is more evenly weighted through the year than the actual in-marketactivity or benefits that you are likely to see? 
Tim McLevish: No, I think we are expensing as we incur the cost. 
Chris Jakubik : Eric, as we have discussed on some of these programs, someof it is allocated throughout the year based on volume. But when you have newproducts come out that are entirely new to the product, you incur the cost asyou launch. 
Eric Serotta -Merrill Lynch : Sure, but things like the Maxwell House restage, have thecosts from that been accrued throughout the year in anticipation of it, or isthat an example of something that you're expensing as incurred? 
Tim McLevish: Eric, I think the important takeaway here  I dont want toget into every individual brand  but the important takeaway, as Irene said, about three-quarters of thespend was going to come in the second half of the year. As we look at the thirdquarter, we certainly had a significant step-up. We're going to have anothersignificant step-up in the fourth quarter as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer - UBS. 
David Palmer - UBS : Just a question about your product improvements andreformulations. I know you were making some changes there. Are thosesubstantial? Is there any way for you to give us a sense of how much of anexpense this is, versus the other marketing and pure commodity cost inflation? 
Irene Rosenfeld : It's a little bit hard to quantify. Certainly, it is a pieceof the impact on our gross margins. It's probably about a quarter of our $400million incremental cost. But the end result here is the fact that as Imentioned, we're seeing considerable step-up in the percent of our productsthat are rated superior to competition. As we go forward, that will continue tobe a key driver of our performance and we're seeing the benefit in selectcategories like Mac n Cheese, where we have made those kinds of investments,we're seeing the impact of that investment in the marketplace. 
David Palmer - UBS : So a quarter of the $400 million is really something that'sflows through the COGS line? 
Irene Rosenfeld : That's correct. 
David Palmer - UBS : The wall-to-wall initiative, I might have missed it in youropening remarks. Could you perhaps give us an update there, how you're feelingabout the progress? I think by mid- '08 you were expecting to have thingslargely rolled out. 
Irene Rosenfeld : We continue to feel good about the program. We are learning,continuing to learn about how best to train our sales reps but we expect to benational by mid-2008 and we are on track. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank. 
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank : A few questions. The first one, the charge within beveragesof $120 million, that seems like a lot. I just don't remember Fruit 2.0 and Veryfinebeing that big of a business. Why is that such a high charge? 
Tim McLevish: It all has to do with the sales price and the valuevis--vis when we bought it. Unlike a lot of our other brands, it was rathernew, it wasn't terribly depreciated in terms of the assets as well as the brandvalue. You can you do the math. That's pretty much the end result. 
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank : Irene, you mentioned that we're kind of at unprecedentedlevels vis--vis pricing and potential demand elasticity but you've been therefor 20 years or so. There were periods of inflation back in the late '80s,early '90s. What kind of experience did the company have at that point vis--vistrade down by the consumer and is that applicable to today? 
Irene Rosenfeld : I think certainly, Eric, some of the past history is applicable and we areseeing in select categories again, particularly cheese where the costs are mostextreme, we are seeing some trade down and it comes back to our need tocontinue to make the necessary investments in brand equity to be able to addenough value to be able to justify our price premium.  But having said that, there are a number of factors, despitethe fact that as we look at the dairy market, we see some of the traditionalmetrics all going in the right direction -- number of cows, milk production,milk per cow -- all of those traditional metrics that we look at that wouldlead to declining dairy prices at this time of year; we're not seeing thathappening.  That reflects the fact that there really are some secular changeshappening in the marketplace, as Tim mentioned. As we move forward here, someof the impacts are somewhat uncharted and we just need to continue to beprepared to address them, which is why we are so focused on continuing to buildbrand equity, while driving down costs. 
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank : I think you mentioned that you expect EBIT margins to be upin 2008. But can you quantify how much incremental savings you expect from therestructuring efforts? Because if you have a continuation of input costs up,and you are also expecting advertising to be up -- I assume at a greaterpercentage than sales -- that means that the savings have got to be prettysignificant. Can you quantify what dollar amount that should be? 
Irene Rosenfeld : Well as you might expect, it's a little early for us to giveyou a firm number on 2008. we obviously will do that in our fourth quartercall. But as Tim said, we expect to grow margins in 2008 as we committed inFebruary, despite the input costs and it's really going to come from the factthat we're going to see the benefits of our wave 1 investments, plus some ofthe beginning of the wave 2 investments that we're now making as well as theimpact of the accelerated restructuring savings. So that's what will contributeto our operating leverage in 2008. 
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank : So the restructuring savings, do they really start rampingup in '08? In terms of incremental, is it much more significant in '08 versuswhat you got in '07 versus '06? 
Tim McLevish: If you think about it, we're anticipating being at anannualized level of $775 million at the end of 2007, so there will beincremental. We said that the overall savings will exceed $1 billion, so therewill clearly be incremental year on year. The $775 million is a run rate levelso clearly, 2008 will see more benefits from restructuring savings. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar - LehmanBrothers. 
Andrew Lazar - LehmanBrothers : In looking at the volume gain that you had, that's certainlya better organic volume number than we've seen in a couple years, maybe since05 or so. I am just trying to get a sense of with all the new products thatyou're launching, is there a way to quantify perhaps how much of that wasimpacted by shipping out a whole bunch of the new products that hopefully willstart moving off the shelf in the fourth quarter versus just ongoing volumeimprovements? 
Irene Rosenfeld : We havent quantified that, Andrew, but I would tell you thisis not about pipeline. This is about takeaway and contribution of some of thesecore businesses that I mentioned in my earlier remarks to our overallperformance. I feel very comfortable that the volume gains that we are seeingare sustainable and real and in fact will continue to build into 2008. 
Andrew Lazar - LehmanBrothers : Mix has been, for a couple years now, a really great driveron the top line. It was again in this quarter. It accelerated a little bit fromwhere we've seen, but obviously the comparisons are tough. I know that issomething you are expecting to help out again from a contribution standpoint in'08.  Does the way you get that mix start to become more difficult?In other words, it now seems like it has to come from a lot of the highervalue-added new products that you're putting out versus maybe before where itwas one-off SKU reductions, selling less, heavy beverage versus light powder.Things that you shifted by perhaps changing compensation of the sales force,things like that. Does it get harder to do now or is the visibility around themix part still pretty high in your view? 
Irene Rosenfeld : I think the visibility is still pretty high. I feel goodabout the progress that we've made. As you rightly say, over the last couple ofyears we have benefited from cleaning out some of the less profitable parts ofthe portfolio. We've got most of that behind us though at this point and so themix that we're looking at is about the higher margin that comes fromcompetitively advantaged concepts like Cakesters, like Live Active cheeses, forexample, that will allow us to realize higher margins in our snacks business,these 100-calorie packs and our toasted chips have very attractive margins. 
Andrew Lazar - LehmanBrothers : Tim, I know you said you started to see perhaps some signsof operating leverage in the business, even though we don't see it comingthrough in totality, given costs and such. Could you just expand on that alittle bit? That becomes I think obviously a lot more critical as we go into'08 and it's tougher for us to see underneath, given the impact on margins forcosts and investment spending. 
Tim McLevish: Well clearly we are providing some leverage from the increasedvolume. It's our cost savings initiatives, it's the restructuring program andthe benefits associated with that, that is helping to contain those costs.  You may recall that at the gross margin line, we're down 240basis points but on the operating line we're down 210 basis points; so that 30 deltais a result of that volume leverage and the savings initiatives. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll - Citi InvestmentResearch. 
David Driscoll - CitiInvestment Research : Gross profit margin was down 240 basis points. Can you giveus the split between the raw material inflation and the product qualityimprovements? I kind of think of this as the so-called self-inflicted hit. Sowhat's the difference between things that are out of your control versus thingsthat were in your control on that 240? 
Tim McLevish: I don't mean to be cute here, but 100% of those was drivenby input costs. Another third of it was attributable to the investments we'remaking in new products and so forth. And we made up that one-third back fromother productivity initiatives. So it's all from input costs. 
David Driscoll - CitiInvestment Research : On the commodity cost side, somebody else was asking aboutthis, but can I just ask you if you would be kind enough to give us whatpercentage of your commodity costs are hedged for the balance of the year?Other companies are willing to give us that hedge for 2008. Will you give ussome level of guidance on that? 
Tim McLevish: I'm sorry, we can't give that kind of guidance. Certainly,we have some of our input costs hedged and that is a dynamic process as we useit over the course of the year and going into 2008, clearly we're hedging someahead but that's not a level of specificity we're prepared to talk about. 
David Driscoll - CitiInvestment Research : Irene, one final question. Status on divestitures. You know,there's lots of discussion around Post and Oscar. I think in your preparedcomments I wrote this down that you said that you would exit businesses thatdid not provide a competitive advantage. Can you talk about those two bigbusinesses and whether or not they provide a competitive advantage? How do youthink about them? 
Irene Rosenfeld : David, as I laid out the strategies in February, I made itclear that they were not meant to be a Safe Harbor for all of our businessesand we've given each of our businesses the charge in the go-forward strategy totake a look at what the long-term growth prospects look like.  We've been very clear to say that the three criteria we arelooking at in terms of the potential divestiture is growth potential, relativemarket share and overall profitability. We will continue to use those as ourscreens. Certain of our categories are better positioned with this newframework to be able to make progress and be accretive over the long-term.Obviously, as we have news to announce on that front, we will give it to you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan. 
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan : I'm just trying to understand, Irene, the cheese strategy. At the recent investorconference you talked about five products that you want to focus on, and one ofthem was cheese. Why would the industry leader, with all these marketinginnovations in probiotic cheese want to lag in terms of price increases? It seems that there is opportunity here, all of theinnovation and brand support that you are putting through, of leading. That'sone question. I have a hard time understanding that, this persistent focus onmarket share where perhaps profitability would be more important in thisenvironment, you would think private label is being more squeezed.  Related to that, when I think of the cheese business, Iwould assume that given your scale, you have to have some cost advantages overyour competitors, so you also should have room there to increase prices in thisenvironment.  Could you comment on that, please? 
Irene Rosenfeld : As we mentioned, Pablo, we've been quite aggressive in ourprice increases on our cheese business. We've priced over 80% of the portfolioanywhere between 2% and 13%. We continue to have a premium on virtually everyform that we make. So it's not about our shyness as the market leader in termsof willingness to take pricing.  Having said that, we're also well aware of the fact that weneed to make sure that we are justifying the prices that we're charging and wehaven't across the portfolio yet added enough value to be able to be even moreaggressive in those price increases.  I think we're beginning to see some of the impact in thekinds of items that we have launched, the Live Active cheeses, our Singles Selectproduct, and some of the marketing actions that we've taken on our basebusinesses.  Bottom line, quite frankly, we need some new thinking on ourcheese business and we've been making some key leadership changes over thecourse of these last few months in an effort to help that business realize thepotential that I know it has. 
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan : Just to follow up on that, can you walk us through brieflyin terms of your five North American divisions, in terms of what are theleadership changes? [Inaudible] you are looking for someone for cheese. Justbriefly, if you can give us some color, please. 
Irene Rosenfeld : Basically, as Mary Beth West moved into our CMO role, wehave back filled Mary Beth with Bob Levi, who is a beverage veteran, been withthe company over 20 years, and has made some significant contributions. He willpick up that business as we move forward.  Chris Baldwin has joined us on our snacks business and I amquite confident that he will help us to access what we believe to be terrificopportunity on the snacks front. Our cheese leadership is open right now. Wehave been public in terms of looking on the outside. I really do want to getsome new thinking on that business and in the meantime, Nick Meriggioli, whohas been running our convenient meals business, has stepped in to serve as theinterim leader there.  Cheese is really at this moment the only one of ourbusinesses that is open. Rhonda Jordan is still managing our grocery businessquite effectively and we are beginning to see good progress as we improve therelevance and the contemporariness of that business. 
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan : One last one, if I may. Going back to the back-to-schoolconference, you told us about the five products you want to focus on and then youalso mentioned I believe snacks, salad dressings and convenient meals, OscarMeyer meat. That was about 70% of sales. How should we think about the other30%? The experience with other companies is that where there are not enoughinvestments on those other products, they begin to fall off a cliff in terms ofsales. Should we think that other 30% will eventually be sold? How do we thinkabout that, Irene? 
Irene Rosenfeld : Pablo, the way we should think about it is that we aresequencing our investments. As I said at back-to-school, we have chosen tofocus on the categories that matter most. The five categories that I have laidout there were about 50% of our revenue and as we continue to make improvementsthat will further add to our overall investment. But the reality is, we cansequence these investments and start to get the impact while we then make thenext phase of investment.  So with investments in these five core categories, we haveseen a significant step-up in our revenue growth. Our organic revenue, as wesaid, is up over 6% in this quarter. Iam confident that by focusing our investments on the areas that can have thegreatest leverage, we will be able to make progress but we will eventually getto all of the businesses in the portfolio that need support. 
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan : One last one. I understand that by November 14th, if youwant to make changes to the board of directors, that has to be proposed beforeNovember 14th. Is that true and are there plans for new directors to beproposed? 
Irene Rosenfeld : It is true that November 14th is the filing date. Wecontinue to look at the opportunity to add directors, qualified directors toour board and that will be an ongoing process independent of the November date.
Operator: Your next question is from Kenneth Zaslow - BMO CapitalMarkets. 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMOCapital Markets : I just had some follow-up questions from the previousquestion. Commodities for the quarter I think you said were up 9%. What is yourexpectation for the full year? I dont know if you said that.
Irene Rosenfeld : 9% is the number for the full year. 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMOCapital Markets : On the cheese side, can you discuss Kraft's premium relativeto private label and is the premium relative to private label one of thereasons that you're having a more challenging time pricing through? 
Irene Rosenfeld : No, we've been very diligent in managing our price gaps andI feel very comfortable that we're in a much stronger position with respect toour gaps than we have been historically and we are not going to allow ourselvesto get out of the proper range, which is why we need to continue to ensure thatwe've added enough value to the portfolio and that is the focus of theinvestments that we're making. 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMOCapital Markets : You said something very interesting, you said you're lookingfor new thinking on the cheese. What are you looking for in terms of thethinking? Are you talking about new product innovation? Are you talking abouthow to execute? What would you be looking for in that division when you'relooking for a person to head that up? 
Irene Rosenfeld : I think it's the opportunity to approach the category from aconsumer perspective as I laid out in February. I continue to feel verystrongly that cheese is a growth opportunity for Kraft. As we look around theworld, consumers are eating cheese. It's growing at a very healthy rate. Ouropportunity is to ensure that our offerings within the category are preferred. Ithink the key to that is to take a more consumer centric approach to thecategory and both through our marketing effort as well as our new productinnovation. 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMOCapital Markets : My last question is, you didn't discuss cereal at all in thediscussion. Is there something we should interpret from that? Is theresomething wrong with the business? Was it just an oversight? How do we look atthat? There was no commentary on the cereal business? 
Irene Rosenfeld : You should interpret nothing, it simply was not a significantcontributor to the overall results of our snacks segment and that's why wedidn't mention it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews - MorganStanley.
Vincent Andrews -Morgan Stanley : I had to step off the call for a moment so if this hasalready been asked, please let me know. Irene, I'm just wondering if you couldgive your view of what businesses are operating at an acceptable level ofperformance right now? 
Irene Rosenfeld :  Well a number of our businesses, frankly, on the top lineare performing at an acceptable level. As we look across the portfolio I am quitepleased by the performance of most of our categories, both in North America and around the world. As we mentioned, we have seenaccelerated revenue growth in the all geographies. So I feel very good aboutthat.  I would say within North America, our convenient mealsbusiness was up 8% and if you look under the covers and look at thecontributors to that growth it's about quality, it's about marketinginvestment, it's about new product innovation and that is the formula for ourfuture. So I believe that is our model and as we move through the various partsof the portfolio, that is the formula that we're looking for. 
Vincent Andrews -Morgan Stanley : Would you still stand by the idea that in 2009 you're goingto hit your stride and you'll fully realize the financial benefits of yourinvestments and you will deliver your long-term targets? 
Irene Rosenfeld : Absolutely. 
Operator: Your next question is from Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia. 
Jonathan Feeney -Wachovia : I'm sorry to beat a dead horse here, but on private labeltrade down, what is it about the cheese category that it seems like you heldthe line a little bit more there, absorbed a little more of those commoditycosts, yet it seems like that's the only place you called out where you arelosing to private label. Is that a fair characterization? What is it specificallyabout this category that made it such that private label won't raise price? 
Irene Rosenfeld : Without a doubt, of all the categories in which we compete,private label is a bigger factor in cheese than it is in other categories, soyou start there. The reality is that to the extent that some of our offeringswithin the category are not well-differentiated, it puts pressure on ourability to price at a very significant premium. We're still at considerablepremiums within each of our forms today but the issue will be, can we commandan even higher premium? I come back to the fact that products like Live Active haveabout a 13% margin advantage to our base product. It's the opportunity toleverage some proprietary technology that goes into the making of that product,together with our marketing opportunities, that then allow us to be able tocommand higher prices going forward.  The reality is absolute price points do matter as well. Partof the challenge in cheese is that the entire category is down as the consumerabsorbs some of the extraordinary impact of these input costs. 
Tim McLevish: We have an unusual situation also with regard to dairyprices, whereas typically at this time of the year, we would have seen themstarted to come off the seasonal peak and in fact they've held up much morethan we would ever have experienced in the past. Usually with the spike in theseason, the industry typically doesn't price to that peak. As we're seeing itbehave a bit differently, we're going to have to rethink that. 
Jonathan Feeney -Wachovia : To ask a converse implication of the squeezed, cash-strappedconsumer, if we go back to the late '80s, early 90s the last consumerrecession, are there any parts of your portfolio that you would expect toreceive some of those consumers who are maybe eating out a little bit less? Areyou seeing any of that lift today, do you feel like? 
Irene Rosenfeld : I think one of the benefits of the breadth of our portfoliois that we expect that can benefit virtually all of our products as we continueto think about a consumer centric approach to them and what we need to do tohelp to make them more relevant to today's consumer. Virtually every one of oursegments can benefit from that move from away from home to at-home consumption.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moscow - Credit Suisse.
Robert Moscow -Credit Suisse : My question has to do with the guidance for '07. If I lookat the implication for fourth quarter, maybe it is just my model, but it lookslike it's something like a 12% to 13% EBIT decline and you've been tracking arounda 5% for the year. Am I looking at that correctly, Tim?  
Tim McLevish: We've given our full year guidance and I'll let you sort outthe analysis in between it. 
Robert Moscow -Credit Suisse : Is there anything about fourth quarter that's exceptionallyworse than the first three quarters of the year? 
Tim McLevish: I'd say the fourth quarter, you see what's happening comingout of the third quarter, I would expect it to probably look a lot like thethird quarter. We continue to expect to have top line momentum. As we talkedabout with the input costs, we continue to expect pressure there. 
Robert Moscow -Credit Suisse : Secondly for 2008, the Danone acquisition is hanging outthere. You've said to expect, I think it was about $0.01. Commodity costs are alot higher than they were when you first negotiated the deal. Do you have anyvisibility as to whether margins in that business have held up and when do youthink you'll be able to update us on your guidance for how accretive ordilutive that business could be? 
Irene Rosenfeld : We'll update you as part of our 2008 guidance but we are ontrack for our year end closing. They continue to report strong performance ontheir biscuit business. As you know, their Q3 growth was almost 7%, so it's ahealthy business. Clearly the impact of grains will have some impact. But thereare some very strong productivity programs in place and I'm pretty confidentthat we will be able to continue to benefit from the accretion that we havelaid out for you. 
Robert Moscow -Credit Suisse : To help us think about that a little bit more, is thereanything you can tell us about your snacks business in Europein the quarter and how much of a commodity hit it took and maybe we couldextrapolate that into the Danone business? 
Irene Rosenfeld : I think the better indication is what happened to our snackbusiness domestically. Without a doubt it did take a hit in margin. As wementioned, though, we are looking at a variety of actions, including pricing,trade spending and productivity to help to manage that going forward and I'mconfident that we will be able to do that. 
Robert Moscow -Credit Suisse : Lastly, has the transition to wall-to-wall in the U.S., hasthat at all compromised your ability to get baked goods distribution like youhad been the crackers business or do you think that it's more a function of themarketing program that's causing the weakness in crackers? 
Irene Rosenfeld : I feel very confident that it is about the marketingprograms. One of the key metrics that we look at as we are rolling out wall-to-wallis the performance of our base biscuit program versus the performance of thewarehouse products. We continue to see strong incremental growth in thewall-to-wall markets and as we look at the base businesses, I'm confident thatthis has not had an adverse impact on the biscuit business. That's one of ourmost important criteria as we roll this thing out. 
Operator: Your final question comes from Edgar Roesch - Banc ofAmerica Securities . 
Edgar Roesch - Bancof America Securities: Irene, when you talked about '08 costs being up, is that justa continuation of what we're seeing on the ag side or has the increase inenergy started to factor into your outlook as well, and maybe spill over intopackaging? 
Irene Rosenfeld : When we talk about input costs, it is not just the rawmaterial input cost. It's the knock-on effect on resins and packaging costs asa consequence of the high energy prices. So it's an aggregate assessment. 
Edgar Roesch - Bancof America Securities: Could you just give us the changes to the Tassimo program,what kind of benefit that provided the beverage segment? 
Irene Rosenfeld : Well as you are aware, one of the most significant changeswe made this year was to focus our Tassimo marketing efforts to a more targetedaudience and to look at more targeted marketing approaches to that audience. Weare seeing the benefits of that. Our Tassimo business is up almost 70% and at aconsiderably lower cost than we had a year ago. 
Edgar Roesch - Bancof America Securities: '07 is clearly a year of investment. I would just like toknow if you expect to exit the year with a lot of that heavy lifting done andthe reinvestment is largely behind you or whether there is further investmentin into 2008 as well. 
Irene Rosenfeld : As we said when we laid out the plan in February, this is athree-year plan. Our target in terms of our overall A&C investment is toget to us the competitive levels of 8% to 9% over time and we are committed tomaking progress against that objective. As we exit 2007, we will have madeprogress. We will make continued progress in 2008. We are looking to then driveour other aspects of the P&L, particularly overhead costs, as our meanstogether with volume growth, and mix improvement to drive our overall operatingmargins.  So you will see continued investment in the business in 2008but we are committed to making margin improvement as we said. 
Operator: I would now like to turn the floor over to Mr. Chris Jakubikfor any further or closing remarks. 
Chris Jakubik : Thanks everybody for joining us this morning. If any of theanalysts have further follow-up questions we'll be around all day. Thanks verymuch.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-01 08:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Chris Jakubik  IR   Irene Rosenfeld - Chairman and CEO   Jim Dollive - Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets   David Palmer - UBS   Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers   Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns   David Adelman - Morgan Stanley   Chris Growe - A.G. Edwards   Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Capital   Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch   Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank   Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein   David Driscoll  Citigroup   Ann Gurkin - Davenport   Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan   Steven Kron - Goldman Sachs 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Kraft Foods second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Kraft Foods management and the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Mr. Chris Jakubik, Vice President of Investor Relations for Kraft. Please go ahead, sir. 
 Chris Jakubik: Thank you and good morning. Thanks for joining us on our conference call. I'm Chris Jakubik, Vice President of Investor Relations. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and Jim Dollive, our Chief Financial Officer.  Our earnings release was sent out earlier today and is available on our website at Kraft.com. As you know, during this call, we may make forward-looking statements about the companys performance. These statements are based on how we see things today so they contain an element of uncertainty. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the companys 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more detailed explanation of the inherent limitations in such forward-looking statements.  Some of today's prepared remarks will exclude those items that affect comparability. These excluded items are captured in our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our news release and they are also available on our website.  We'll begin today's call by hearing from Irene who will share her perspective on our second quarter. Then Jim will provide an overview of our financials, and after that we'll take your questions.  With that, I'll hand it over to Irene. 
 Irene Rosenfeld : Thanks, Chris. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. Overall, I'm pleased with the progress we made in the past few months, both in terms of our second quarter financial results and perhaps of greater importance, in how we're implementing the transformation plan we laid out in February. Today, I'm even more confident that our plan is sound and that it's execution will enable us to restore Kraft to reliable growth.  I say that for three reasons. First, our early investments have produced sequential top line improvement. We had solid revenue growth in all major geographies.  Second, while our market share and profit margins are clearly not yet where we want them to be, we are increasingly confident that the actions we're taking will lay the foundation for improved results.  Third, we're taking other significant actions to further enhance shareholder returns.  Let me provide more details starting with the positive impact on our results from our early investments. In North America, we delivered sequential revenue improvement from quarter 1 to quarter 2. That performance was driven by some focused, differentiated new products and incremental marketing investments in powdered soft drinks, pizza, and Oscar Meyer. In January, we launched Crystal Light with enhanced benefits like immunity, energy, and hydration. These helped to drive trademark sales up 47% in the quarter.  We introduced DiGiorno Ultimate Pizza to you in February. It's now the hottest thing in frozen pizza representing one-third of all new product sales in the category through June, driving DiGiorno's revenue growth of 12%, and that's even before our national advertising began last week.  We have increased confidence that our new Oscar Meyer Deli Creations sandwiches have the potential to be $100 million platform and highly incremental to our base business. These sandwiches are a great example of our ability to leverage the power of our broad portfolio to better compete with foodservice offerings.  In the EU, reinvestment in our core coffee and chocolate brands has resulted in stepped up organic revenue growth; and in developing markets, our new products, supported by a significant increase in marketing, delivered double-digit growth.  Net, we feel good about both our sequential growth from the first to second quarter and our 3.9% organic revenue growth for the first half of the year. We'll also continue to improve our sales execution and in-store presence. We're seeing higher revenue growth in the rollout markets for our wall-to-wall sales initiative in North America. In Q3, wall-to-wall will be in stores that accounts for about 35% of Kraft's all-commodity volume. We have, however, slowed the pace of expansion as we refine our sales rep training for maximum effectiveness and we expect to complete our rollout by mid-2008.  Despite this early progress on a number of fronts, we have not made progress on market share. Through the second quarter, we're gaining market share in less than half of our U.S. businesses. The investments we are making in the back half will fuel both our top line momentum and improve our share. We now see a much more robust pipeline of new ideas across the company; new products, new packages, and new advertising campaigns, which make us confident to invest at the high end of the $300 million to $400 million range. Importantly, about half of our investment dollars will go to fix key laggards, including our mainstream coffee business in the U.S, North American cheese, and snacks.  In coffee, our mainstream brands continue to lose share. Later this quarter, we launch a new higher quality Maxwell House with 100% Arabica beans in a new, consumer-preferred package. In cheese, we are not yet comfortable that we've added enough value to our portfolio to manage through record dairy prices. We have a number of key initiatives in the back half to improve share. These include Live Active probiotic cheeses, premium Kraft Singles Select, and a new advertising campaign for base Kraft Singles.  In snacks, our growth lags that of the broader snacking world. In the back half, we will launch a robust new product pipeline, invest in higher marketing spending, and roll out a new Planters campaign to step up our performance. The balance of our spending will go to accelerate new product and marketing activities in high impact categories like convenient meals, where we'll continue to build on the strong first half momentum.  This higher investment, coupled with the fact that approximately three-quarters of our incremental spending will occur in the back half of the year, gives us confidence that our share trends will improve especially in the fourth quarter. Consequently, we are raising our organic revenue guidance to 4% plus for the full year.  Let me now turn to our margin performance. As you know, we had expected margins to decline this year given our growth investments, but higher than expected input costs will place even greater pressure on our margins in the back half of the year. That said, we are at the start of a three-year plan. 2007 is a building year, one which will lay a strong foundation for our future growth. We are committed to investing now because it is essential to driving the accelerated volume growth and stronger product mix that will leverage our overhead costs and improve margin s over time.  While making these investments in the business, we are taking other significant actions to enhance shareholder returns. Last month, we announced our plans to acquire Danone's global biscuit business. This is a major strategic action that will give us a platform for greater scale, faster growth and better margins in our international business. On Monday, Danone reported strong first half biscuit growth, further evidence this acquisition will be an important contributor to our growth strategy.  We are not finished reshaping our portfolio. We continue to evaluate our existing brands in the context of our new framework and we'll divest those businesses that don't fit our long-term growth plan. We will of course share those decisions with you at the appropriate time.  We're also making better use of our balance sheet capacity. Not only through acquisitions, but by executing the $5 billion share repurchase program we announced in February. In fact, during the second quarter we repurchased almost 4% of our outstanding shares for $2 billion.  In sum, I'm encouraged by the early progress in our transformation plan. We're doing what we said we would do and we are seeing signs that our investments and efforts will pay off. Of course, there's much more to do, but I remain confident that we're on the right track and I look for accelerated momentum in the back half of 2007.  Now I'll turn the call over to Jim. 
 Jim Dollive: Thanks, Irene and hello, everyone. Before I begin, please keep in mind that unless otherwise noted, my comments will exclude the items affecting comparability that were highlighted in our press release. Now let's get into the numbers, starting with sales.  Our organic net revenues were up a solid 4.1% in the quarter. We delivered gains from product mix across most businesses, the result of several new product initiatives and reinvesting in marketing to support our base business. We've begun to see the effects of recent price increases in several categories with net pricing up 1.7 percentage points in the quarter. Volume was down in the second quarter. We had solid gains internationally and in some North American businesses, but these gains were offset by ready-to-drink bottled beverage weakness, further portfolio pruning in foodservice, and our North American grocery business reflecting both a shift in Easter timing to Q1 versus Q2 last year and continued share challenges in salad dressings.  Turning to profit and earnings, I want to emphasize three points:  First, our gross margin was down 130 basis points because higher input costs and our investments in product quality more than offset our gains from pricing and productivity. As Irene mentioned, we anticipate this will be the case for the balance of the year and therefore we expect lower gross margins in the second half of 2007.  Second, our operating income margin declined 210 basis points year over year. This includes the gross margin impact as well as increased overhead costs and the higher margins of previously divested operations. Our overhead costs were higher due to our planned incremental investments in marketing, systems capabilities and distribution infrastructure as well as the absence of last years $18 million gain on the sale of the facility.  Third, below the line, we benefited by roughly $0.02 from our share repurchase activity and by $0.01 from a decrease in our effective tax rate versus 2006. In the quarter our effective tax rate was 32.5% including the positive resolution of some outstanding tax items as well as a change in our mix of earnings by country. As a result for the year, our guidance for taxes is now 33.5 % versus our earlier forecast of 35.5%.  On the share repurchase front as Irene mentioned, during the quarter, we repurchased 3.7% of our outstanding shares for $2 billion and we intend to continue repurchasing our stock under our current $5 billion repurchase authorization.  I'll take a few minutes now to share some highlights of our business segments. As Irene said, we're beginning to see improved results where we have made incremental marketing investments in our base business and in new products that are helping to reframe our categories. At the same time, significant challenges remain in select businesses. We will begin to address these with a number of our second-half growth initiatives.  I'll start with North American Beverages where our focus on health and wellness and premium offerings is paying off. Organic net revenues grew 4.3% this quarter. This increase was driven by our Crystal Light powdered beverage sticks and Capri Sun ready-to-drink pouches with antioxidants and functional benefits. Strong growth in Starbucks Premium Coffee and the successful restaging of Tassimo with marketing targeted at a narrower user base of coffee aficionados.  At the profit line, operating income margin increased 130 basis points, the first time margin has been up in beverages in five quarters as the benefits of product mix and pricing more than offset higher grain coffee and packaging costs. Going forward, we will make further improvements in beverage s by investing in Maxwell House product quality and packaging as Irene discussed earlier. We expect these actions will begin to halt the longstanding trend of market share declines in the coffee category.  In North American cheese and foodservice, organic net revenues were up 3.3% due mainly to price increases to offset higher dairy costs. 2007 is shaping up to be the year with the highest dairy commodity costs ever. Because of this run up, we recently increased our list prices in cheese for a second time this year, generally between 5% and 12% effective July 9. We expect that cheese will remain a tough competitive environment. Our share of total cheese is down year-to-date. However, despite higher costs in the back half of the year, we will fund the necessary investments to improve our share position and plant the seeds for future growth.  Our plans include a number of new products and significant increases in advertising and consumer and promotional spending across the line. Operating income margins in cheese and foodservice were down 370 basis points in Q2. We expect them to be down in the balance of 2007 as well. The factors driving both Q2 results and the balance of 2007 are higher input costs and the normal impact of price elasticity on volume and funding for our growth initiatives.  Moving on to North American convenient meals, organic net revenues were up more than 5% driven by successful new product platforms and investments in marketing and quality that are capturing quick meal eating occasions. Irene has already told you about the success of DiGiorno Ultimate and Oscar Meyer Deli Creations. I'd also add that our deli shaved meat platform grew 37% in the quarter and now exceeds $300 million on an annual basis, and California Pizza Kitchen grew over 20% in the quarter.  Operating income margins fell in the quarter negatively impacted by two factors: Higher input costs including investments in quality and new capacity, and higher overhead costs driven by incremental marketing investments. Going forward, we expect convenient meals to continue with strong revenue growth in the back half of 2007, and margin performance should progressively improve over the course of the year as launch costs moderate.  On to North American grocery, where organic net revenues were down 1.8% due to lower volumes, over half of which reflects the shift in Easter timing. As for the overall business, we continue to see strong momentum behind new, better for you products such as sugar-free Jell-O ready-to-eat Pudding Poppers, however these gains were offset by ongoing weakness in pourable and spoonable salad dressing. We'll have new product news and incremental marketing later this year as we contemporize our salad dressing business, but these businesses have been losing share for many years and it will take some time to fix them.  Looking at North American snacks and cereals, organic net revenues were up 3.7% with contributions from volume, mix and pricing. Three highlights here drove growth in the quarter.  First strong product mix in cookies driven by gains in 100 calorie packs.  Second, volume gains in ready-to-eat cereal from a rebound in kids cereals driven by new products and renewed marketing support on our Sensible Solution offerings.  Third, strong growth in bars behind the launch of Nabisco 100 calorie bars.  Operating income margins fell 60 basis points due to our Milk Bone and Cream of Wheat divestitures. Excluding the effects of divestitures, the benefits of product mix and manufacturing productivity were partially offset by higher overhead costs driven by incremental advertising and consumer spending. For the remainder of the year, we expect our strong new product line-up across the snacks business will result in stepped up organic revenue growth.  Now, I'll turn to our international business which had another good quarter across the board. The EU continued its return to moderate growth, increasing organic net revenues by 2% driven by volume and mix gains in coffee and chocolate. Several factors contributed to the coffee and thus the EU success. We saw gains across the EU in Tassimo due to our successful restaging with new marketing programs and new product launches including Latte Macchiato. We executed successful promotions for Jacobs in Germany and for Kenco in the United Kingdom and we increased A&C, launching a new campaign for Carte Noir in France.  Chocolate revenue also continues to be up as we introduced new products and reinvested A& C behind premium end offerings under the Cote Dor, Toblerone and Milka brand names. This soon to be our third core EU growth category contributed 7.4 percentage points to reported net revenue growth.  The United biscuits businesses are performing ahead of our expectations driven by global biscuit brands including Oreo.  EU operating income margins declined 100 basis points. Here, the benefits of improved product mix were more than offset by higher promotional and advertising spending. Also, last year included the $18 million one-time gain on the sale of a facility I mentioned earlier.  Looking ahead we'll continue to invest to improve our coffee and chocolate businesses, and we're excited about the opportunities to accelerate the growth in our EU snacks business once we finalize the acquisitions of the Danone biscuit business.  Finally, developing markets delivered another consecutive quarter of solid growth with organic net revenues up double digits. This was due to strong gains in Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa and Latin America including gains in Russia behind both Jacobs coffee and Alpine Gold chocolate and in Brazil, Argentina and Venezuela from new products and increased marketing support.  At the operating income line, margin was essentially flat. The benefits of higher pricing and improved product mix were offset by higher input costs and higher overhead driven by investments in marketing. Going forward, we expect continued strong performance from developing markets as we invest in marketing support and expand distribution.  Finally, a comment on our restructuring program. In short, savings are coming in faster than we expected. Cumulative savings are up to $660 million. We now expect cumulative savings to reach $725 million by year end, up from our earlier expectation of $700 million. On the cost front, we spent $245 million year-to-date. Due to the timing of activities, we now expect total cost of $575 million for the year, down from our earlier expectation of $625 million. 
 Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Jim. In sum, during our first few months of independence we made good progress in our plans to transform Kraft. Results from our early investments are promising. We had strong revenue growth in all major geographies for the first time in a long while. We have a stronger pipeline of competitively advantaged products that will be launched over the balance of this year and into 2008. We are pricing to recover the majority of input costs. We are delivering faster savings under our restructuring program and we are looking at additional opportunities to reduce administrative overhead. We are making the necessary investments for long-term growth and have maintained our full year $1.75 to $1.80 EPS guidance.  We would now be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets. 
 Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets : Irene, you touched on divestitures and the possibility of that. Can you just lay out the criteria by which you would think about divestitures? What type of businesses? I know you can't give us the exact businesses, but what type of criteria would you be using? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  Ken, we're continuing to evaluate all of our brands and categories in the context of the framework that I laid out in February and we would divest those businesses that don't fit our long-term growth plan. We're looking at their potential to be able to grow and to be accretive to our performance over the long term. 
 Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets : In terms of the cheese category, can you talk a little bit about the premium to private label and how that is relative to history and how that's going to change the market share dynamics going out? 
 Irene Rosenfeld: Well, we feel very good about our price gaps as we stand here today. They're much lower than they were a year ago, but I would tell you that our performance is not just about price gaps. We have some work to do, I believe, in terms of improving the overall value of our offerings and that's what the focus of some of the investments that we're making is on. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Palmer - UBS. 
 David Palmer - UBS : Share trends in the measured channels, as you noted, have been fairly dismal lately and it appears that pricing -- at least in the last month -- is showing some acceleration and just broadly net revenue per volume is going up in many of your categories. You talked about pricing but could you be more specific about perhaps how much more pricing we would see in your numbers in the second half of the year, and what impact do you see that having on your share trends? Thanks. 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  Well David, as you know, pricing accounts for about 1.7 points of our revenue growth in this quarter and as we go forward, we expect that it will play a greater role as we see more price realization. What I have to say is I feel very comfortable that the businesses that we are pricing are showing some strong performance, even in the face of the pricing actions and as a result of that, that's given us confidence to raise our revenue guidance for the balance of the year. 
 David Palmer - UBS :  One follow-up unrelated question about wall-to-wall. You said you're up to about a third of your stores with wall-to-wall and you're slowing that deployment a bit for training. Could you perhaps talk about where it's been around for a little while and what benefits you are seeing in those stores, what learnings that you have in terms of what you're increasing in terms of the training? 
 Irene Rosenfeld: Well we continue to be very excited about wall-to-wall and the entire initiative. I think it's actually one of our best examples of the opportunity to turn our scale into a competitive advantage. We are seeing higher revenue in our rollout markets and so I continue to be encouraged about the long-term possibilities. I suggested that we had hoped to see as much as a 0.5 point of revenue growth over the long term and I think we're on track to deliver that.  The intent though in making sure that we get the training right is that we are asking our reps to take on a broader portfolio and we are confident that they can do that but we want to make sure as we roll this out that we get it absolutely right. We expect to be at about 35% by the end of this quarter, as I said, and we will complete the rollout by mid-2008. 
 David Palmer - UBS :  So pretty even rollout from here with the remaining 65% by quarter? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  I would say it's a classic case where I think we need to just go a little slower to go faster, but the net of it is it is a very significant initiative and I believe it has the potential to be an important contributor to our long term revenue growth. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers. 
 Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers : Irene, if we think about the lower forecasted tax rate for the full year and some other things below the line, it looks like that adds a nickel or a little more, at least to my estimate, for the year; yet obviously not changing earnings guidance because of a number of things you're doing around reinvestment.  I'm trying to get a sense, of that amount that I've discussed, how much of that is covering incremental input costs which have obviously been a lot more onerous than anybody could have forecast, versus the incremental marketing side? Because I think most had already been looking for probably the high end of your $300 to $400 million reinvestment anyway. So is the majority of that going towards the input costs or truly incremental marketing above that? 
 Jim Dollive:  Andrew, I'll take that. Clearly, we are seeing a benefit from the lower tax rate this year and that does give us both the ability to help manage the total P&L to continue to do the investments that we said we would do against the business. We feel terrific about where we are in that. As you look at that gain, it's kind of split about half and half between how much more is going into the marketing program and how much more is helping support the rest of the P&L. 
 Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers : With respect to the biscuit acquisition, just a follow-up on that one. As we think about the need for scale, in your business internationally and even in Western Europe and certainly bring some of that. As you think out a couple of years, does this bring enough scale or is there probably still more that you need to think about or look at doing? Or does this give you a sense that we're done for awhile on the scale play in Western Europe? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  Well I think it's a terrific first start for a couple of reasons. It gives us another core category in Western Europe which gives us the potential to be able to invest in infrastructure. I think it helps to improve our margins there and I feel very good about where we are in terms of our net position in that geography.  The other benefit, as you know, is about its ability to help our position in developing markets and in that part of the world, we're going to continue to look at opportunities to improve our scale. It's obviously got terrific population and GDP growth and I believe particularly with our strong biscuit position that we have an excellent platform from which to build. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns. 
 Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns:  One quick one and then a more broad one; Jim, probably for you. To what extent did you offset higher cheese cost with sales of some of your inventory into the wholesale market? Was that meaningful? 
 Jim Dollive:  No, not really. 
 Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: I guess the broader one for you, Irene. You're the first company I can remember that has attracted investor s as disparate as Warren Buffett, Carl Icon and Nelson Pelts. Now there has been some publicity around the latter there, Mr. Pelts. Have you met with him yet and if so, is it just a coincidence that you're now mentioning words like divestiture? It seems to be a slightly more aggressive posture towards share repurchase. If you could address that? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  Well, we are continuing to evaluate our portfolio, as I said. When I laid out the strategy at CAGNY, Terry, I made it clear that was not a Safe Harbor for all of our businesses and we continue to look at them within the context of the framework that we laid out. I think the question I'm asked most frequently by our investors is what about divestitures and so I think it's important to just be explicit about how we're thinking about that.  Obviously, we will share decisions on that subject with you as those actions are completed, but it's not a change in our position. It's really just a clear articulation of how we're thinking about it. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Adelman - Morgan Stanley. 
 David Adelman - Morgan Stanley : Irene, first as a follow-up on the divestiture issue. Could you help us understand the percentage of the portfolio perhaps that you'd consider being subject to divestiture? I think in the past the company has talked about upwards of 5% of sales. Are you now looking at something that's potentially demonstrably larger than that? Is the potential of negative business system leverage a serious consideration as you look at potential divestitures? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  Well, actually, David I would say at this point we're looking at something considerably smaller than that. I think we've got a lot of our major activity behind us. We will continue, as I've said ,to look at individual categories and make those decisions and clearly to the extent that they create some overhead issues, we will deal with those as part of our overall assessment of the opportunity. I think we will continue to look at the reshaping of the portfolio but our focus really is on generating organic growth and following the four strategies that we laid out. 
 David Adelman - Morgan Stanley : Let me ask you a second question Irene about the U.S. Market share trends. I would imagine when you came back to Kraft, you envisioned I would assume that a year into your tenure, there would be better market share momentum than there currently exists. I'm curious, you've highlighted a number of problem categories that need to be addressed but is there a more overarching observation that you could make about some of the issues the company faces? Not necessarily on a category by category basis to position itself to be able to generate consistent composite market share growth? Thanks. 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  Well, David, as I said at the outset and it is part of the reality of timing, we've always expected our results to improve in the back half of 2007, partly because that was where the bulk of our spending was going to hit and that was when many of our new products were going to hit. We have a much stronger pipeline in the back half of 2007 than we did a year ago and I feel good about that.  Having said that, I am disappointed in our North American, particularly U.S. Market share performance. Some of those issues though are some businesses that have been issues for quite some time and I think that the difference here is that we are facing those issues and we're dealing with them. I've talked about some of the actions that we're taking on cheese, on coffee and on snacks and even pizza which has some very, very strong revenue growth, we are year-to-date losing share in that business and we expect that we will see recovery in the back half.  So I don't feel good about our share performance. There's no question that it's not where we want it to be, but we do expect to see overall improvement in the second half, especially Q4 as our new items hit and we benefit from the incremental spending that is yet to come. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Chris Growe - A.G. Edwards. 
 Chris Growe - A.G. Edwards : I just had a question for you to clarify a statement, I think Jim had made. Your gross margin was down 130 basis points in Q2. Am I correct in the way that you characterize the second half of the year that could be worse than you saw in the second quarter due to input cost inflation on the gross margin side? 
 Jim Dollive: I'll take that, Chris, and that's exactly what I was indicating is as we look at these rising commodity costs, they will peak later in the year, not earlier in the year. That said, we are recovering a larger percentage of our input costs than we have in the past and we feel terrific about that, but as Irene mentioned the portfolio isn't just where we need it to be in terms of our ability to fully recover those costs.  Just to continue for one other thought, the easier thing would be for us to cut the us to cut the marketing support to do other things and that's not something we're willing to do. 
Chris Growe - A.G. Edwards: If you look at the increase in your total spending, you're now $400 million at the high end of your range up and that is up from wherever you were expecting it before. Is that increase more marketing or is it more about the quality upgrades in R&D type components of your spending? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  Actually, Chris, about a third of it is investments in quality and about two-thirds of it is in marketing and infrastructure. 
Chris Growe - A.G. Edwards:  And that comment if I'm correct, you're talking about the increment from where you were before is that correct? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  That's correct. That's not the total. 
Chris Growe - A.G. Edwards:  Okay, sure, and then just one point or one question to clear up on volume. Being down roughly 1% in the quarter and there's numbers that are pushing it a little lower but with the market share weakness, it would seem like with more aggressive pricing your volumes could weaken. I know there's programs in place to try and improve that. Should we be looking for even weaker volumes in the second half of the year because of the price realization that's coming through? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  No, actually, we've said volume is still not where we want it to be. It's actually a combination of factors. The biggest is our continued pruning in foodservice which is still a headwind for us, represented about a 1.5 points on the sector in the quarter so it's an issue. We continue to have some chronic problems in a couple of core categories that we are addressing but we do expect to see volume improvement in the back half driven by the programming that we've put in place.  As I said before, I actually feel encouraged by the fact that our volume has held up reasonably well on those businesses that we've priced, so we do expect to see some volume recovery in the back half of the year and I believe the programming that we've got in place will be a key part of that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Capital. 
 Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Capital : Irene, I wanted to talk about your philosophy around acquisitions. Clearly, your Danone acquisition had some nice solid overlap for you in scale building but I don't know if it did a tremendous amount as far as accelerating your top line potential. Would you consider acquisitions probably globally that would accelerate your top line? Or is that not a priority of yours right now? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  Well first of all, let me reiterate the fact that our plan is predicated on organic growth and the guidance that we've laid out is really predicated on our belief that the strategies that we've laid out can help to accelerate growth in our core categories. I think we're starting to see some early impact of that thinking and those investments.  Having said that, we will continue to look for opportunities to expand our footprint as well as to accelerate growth, and certainly the Danone Biscuit is part of our overall desire to accelerate growth. As I mentioned, their first half revenue was up about 5% and we believe that that can definitely be accretive to our performance and particularly as we start to look at some of the synergy opportunities. We will continue to look for opportunities to add-on businesses that we think can further help to accelerate our growth. 
 Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Capital :  Okay, and secondly, when you think about wall-to-wall, could you talk about what the deliverables are? I know it's not something that's being looked at as a way to reduce costs across your sales and marketing organization. A year from now, lets say wall-to-wall is half or more of your stores. What can we look for as specific evidence that that program is working and is transforming your U.S. performance in a way that's meaningful for investors? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  Well I'll tell you what the criteria are for our guys. It is going to be accelerated revenue growth and stronger share performance and those are very clear and simple metrics. They all understand exactly what they are looking to do and as I mentioned the early results in the rollout markets are encouraging. 
 Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Capital :  On those two metrics? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  On those two metrics. But importantly we're only in less than 35% today. We will be up to 35% by the end of the quarter. So it's going to take a little bit of time until we see that performance more broadly across the portfolio, but we certainly believe that this is an important enabler to our acceleration of our overall top line growth. 
 Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Capital :  Thanks, and just finally to follow-up on Terry's question a little bit, given there's been a ton of news about all these celebrities buying stock, what is your philosophy on soliciting input from shareholders about the future direction of Kraft? I think you were deliberate in being somewhat hesitant to reveal who you've met with and who you haven't but maybe short of that you can share with us your sort of philosophy about getting that kind of input from shareholders. 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  Well, Jonathan, over 100% of our shares have actually traded since the spin-off, and so it is critically important that I continue to stay in touch with our investor base and I will continue to do so. I think it's very helpful to understand how they feel about our overall strategies and to make sure they understand the context and the progress that we're making so it's an important part of my ability to be able to return Kraft to reliable growth. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch. 
 Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : A couple quick housekeeping questions and a follow-up. First of all, Jim, the tax rate obviously for the year came in lower, is going to come in lower than your guidance. You'd previously talked about 08 going up to I think 37%. Do you still stand by that or is there potential upside from lower tax rate in 2008? 
 Jim Dollive:  Obviously we are benefiting this year from the resolution of those items I mentioned, as well as the mix in countries. We really haven't updated our guidance yet for 2008. Previously we said it would be around 37%. Rest assured we are actively pursuing those programs we think will help reduce our long term tax rate, and it's really just too early for us to make any commitment on that. 
 Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch :  How much of the reduction and the tax rate for '07 was attributable to discrete items like the audit resolutions and how much related to country mix and the like? 
 Jim Dollive:  A little more than half was related to the resolution of some of those specific tax items. 
 Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch :  Jim, did I hear you, I guess I don't remember whether it was Jim or Irene who made the comment, but did I hear correctly that about three quarters of the incremental marketing and quality spending will occur in the second half? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  Yes, that's what I said, Eric. 
 Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch :  Now that's three-quarters of the $400 million? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  Yes. 
 Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : Looking at that, that would obviously imply that you spent about $100 million in the first half, an incremental $100 million. When I look at the overall SG&A line for the first half, it was up about $340 million or so, so I'm just wondering what some of the drivers were behind the increase in the non-quality and marketing portion of SG&A?  I realize that even a portion of the $100 million investment is coming in the COGS line, so why was SG&A ex-marketing up so much and what's your outlook for the second half? 
 Jim Dollive:  Let me grab that one, Eric. Obviously, we are looking at that line on our P&L it does show a fairly sizeable increase. The largest single component of that increase particularly in the second quarter was our marketing investment and investment in some other growth initiatives, about 40% of the total change.  There are structure all changes you're seeing in that number. It's a combination of both currency implications as well as the addition of the UB Iberia business that we acquired back in the beginning of the fourth quarter last year. That's about 30% to 35% of the total change. We did have recognized in there that $18 million gain from the prior year, that's about another 10% of the change in the quarter.  So there's a lot of things in there that drive it. Some structural, but the more important one, the most significant one is the investment we're making in our business. 
 Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch :  Just lastly, do you see the potential for some structural cost savings on the overall overhead line, on the overall overhead that falls within the SG&A line as we get into the second half and into calendar 08? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  Eric, as we mentioned we're very pleased with the progress we're making against our overall restructuring plan and we are delivering greater savings at a faster pace than we had anticipated. We're going to continue to look at opportunities to drive our administrative costs down and I am hopeful that as we continue to look at opportunities to simplify the organization that we will find some additional opportunities for overhead savings. 
Operator: Your next question is from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank. 
 Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank : A follow-up on Terry's question earlier. Isn't the problem really that the government wants their pound of flesh when it comes to divestitures, so if you're going to get rid of let's say Maxwell House as is rumored to propose, huge earnings dilution. So unless you really get the sense that you can't fix that business, otherwise, it just doesn't make much sense. Isn't that fair given the tax basis of those assets? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  Yes. In fact that's why divestitures is not a major part of our plan. I feel very comfortable that we have the ability to better leverage the breadth of our portfolio and that's a critical piece of our strategy going forward. I think our scale can be a competitive advantage.  But having said that, to the extent that we have businesses we don't believe can be accretive over the long term, we are better to put our investments elsewhere and obviously we will consider all opportunities to do that to be able to maximize shareholder value and the tax implications is an important consideration in that equation. 
 Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank :  I don't understand why people just get so fascinated with the idea of getting out of a business when it will be hugely dilutive but anyway, let's move on.  Just in reference to the three categories where they are big and your share is under pressure, in Maxwell House odds are it's not easy because you're going up against Proctor and Folgers to the extent that they still care about food or beverages. Snacks you got a lot of competition with PepsiCo and others. It would seem that one area where you can from a competitive standpoint, where you should win, is cheese because that's largely private label. It used to be that anybody who is going to progress at Kraft had to fix or grow cheese. What do you think is just the long-term problem there? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  I actually don't think there's a long-term problem. I think the issue has been we have been far too focused on commodity costs and price gaps as our lever and the reality is it's a growth category, consumers around the world are eating more and more cheese and we're not participating. As I said before, I'm not yet comfortable that our pipeline on cheese is robust enough in general and certainly to handle these record high dairy costs, but we are about fixing it. It's just going to take us some time because there's just not enough in the pipeline.  We've got a couple of good items coming out in the back half. I've talked about the Live Active product, our Kraft Singles Select product, we've made changing in our advertising agency that I think will lead us to a stronger program for our base Singles product but net-net, we need to get more innovative products coming out and it will take us some time to do it. But clearly cheese is one of those categories where we have the right to win and we will. 
 Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank :  Okay and then two quick follow-ups for Jim. Jim, I think previously when you talked about the restructuring, the cash costs have been about $1.1 billion over the life of the programs. Did that change with todays adjustments? 
 Jim Dollive:  We're looking at that. We are running slightly favorable on some of our cash costs just as we're seeing efficiencies and the total program. But for clarification, we spent about $900 million on cash so far and what we said was the total $3 billion had somewhere in the order of $1.9 billion as a cash component but I think we're going to see favorability around that. 
 Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank : Lastly, did you quantify the gross margin impact from input costs versus the benefit on price? 
 Jim Dollive:  We really haven't gotten into the specifics of how each of the components drive into that. The simple answer is that the gross margin is under pressure because of the rapid increase in the commodity cost. 
 Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank :  Okay. So even with the pricing, the input costs are still overwhelmingly hitting you? 
 Jim Dollive:  I wouldn't call it overwhelmingly. We are pricing to recover the majority of our input costs but we're not there yet in terms of 100%. 
Operator: Your next question is from Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein. 
 Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein :  I just wanted to talk a little bit about the strategy going forward on Tassimo. There was obviously the write-off in Q4 of last year. It sounds as though you've still got a fair amount of marketing investment going in there. Maybe you could just talk about how much of the downturn in margins in North American beverages over the last few years has been to do with the Tassimo launch and what is the plan going forward? Is it more of a [milk-in] strategy at this point, how are you thinking about the strategy as we go from here? 
 Irene Rosenfeld: Actually, Alexia, we continue to believe that Tassimo is an important growth engine for us as we go forward. In fact, the fact that we've chosen to go to a more targeted strategy particularly in North America is paying dividends on the bottom line and it's one of the factors that contributed to our strong performance in our beverage segment. So I believe that the targeted strategy is paying dividends. We actually expect our Tassimo platform to grow about 70% this year, but we're focused on the right people. We're not trying to appeal to the mass market. It's about targeting coffee aficionados. We've got some exciting new products in the EU like Latte Macchiato and that is performing quite well for us. We've got some new advertising that is coming out in the back half of the year and actually, I am quite encouraged by the program setting up for our Christmas season this year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll  Citigroup. 
 David Driscoll  Citigroup : Just first a comment, Irene. There is in the old days we had some nice presentation slide s that had a tremendous amount of information on it. You guys had stopped doing that when you came on board and I would just say that there's a lot of questions that are being asked today that would have been answered through those slides. If at all possible if you reinstitute those that would be very helpful.  Now onto a couple questions here. Jim, can you tell us what was the market share change for Kraft Top 25 U.S. OCI categories? As you recall, that was a metric you used to give out quite frequently. 
 Jim Dollive:  David, we don't have that. What we're really looking at right now is how we're doing in our Top 30 or so categories in the U.S. on a trailing 52 week basis, and as Irene said in her opening comments, we're still not growing share in more than half of them. We're still slightly under half. 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  David, we're choosing to look at the top revenue contributors because what I found before, the Top 25 is an important metric but the fact was they were growing and we had a leaky bucket. So I think the relevant consideration is what percent of our revenue is growing and as I mentioned, less than half of our revenue is growing share, and that is unacceptable. We expect to see that number go considerably north over time and in fact, we should see some improvement in the back half of this year particularly in the fourth quarter. 
 David Driscoll  Citigroup :  Next question would be Jim, can you just give us what the estimate for commodity cost increases is? I don't actually think you said the number on the call. If I missed it I apologize. 
 Jim Dollive:  We didn't give a specific number on the commodity cost. We're actually trying to get away from giving that specific number. As I said earlier, what's really important here is the net of how we're doing from a total recovery perspective and we're actually in better shape now than we've been previously. 
 David Driscoll  Citigroup : Well that leads to the next question. Irene, on pricing, we've heard a lot of different companies talk about the environment for actually realizing a price increase is quite good right now. Would you echo those comments and what other color can you give to us about the ability to pass through those price increases? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  David, we've priced about 60% of our North American portfolio in the last 12 months and as we mentioned earlier, I expect to see even more realization of that pricing in the back half of the year, so we believe that we will be able to recover a significant portion of our input costs through the pricing actions we've taken. Having said that, it's more than we've been able to do in the past but it still is not sufficient to offset the entire impact. 
 David Driscoll  Citigroup :  Jim, just one last question, following up on Eric's question on the 2008 tax rate, given that you guys are fully separated right now, I understand that you may not have completed your 08 plans but the 37% tax rates enormously higher than where you are right now. Why would anybody believe that tax rate is a realistic tax rate for 08, given what we're seeing this quarter? 
 Jim Dollive:  Remember in the current year, we continue to have some benefit of our association with Altria, and that is enabling us to get a benefit versus what it will be on a fully standalone basis. 2008 is our first full year independence. 
 David Driscoll  Citigroup : So then you're really sticking to your guns that 37% might be the appropriate rate at this point? 
 Jim Dollive:  Well we're just not updating the guidance. We are actively looking at programs that are going to help us bring that down but we're just not ready to commit to anything at this time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Gurkin - Davenport. 
 Ann Gurkin - Davenport : I think you said you put a price increase through on cheese. Have you protected the retailer for a specific period of time? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  Yes, we have. 
 Ann Gurkin - Davenport :  Can you give me that timeframe? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  Well basically we told you we took a pricing action earlier in the year and then we took another one effective July 9th and so we are getting ourselves through the Fourth of July holiday. 
 Jim Dollive:  And the effective date is the date after the deal protection. 
 Ann Gurkin - Davenport :  Great, and then for the back half should we look for operating margins on the cheese and foodservice segment to be down like we saw in the second quarter? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  Yes. I think it's as you heard Jim say, we expect it will get somewhat worse before it gets better as the higher input costs flow their way through the P&L, particularly in the third quarter. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan. 
 Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan :  Good morning, everyone. Just a couple of questions for Jim first and then a couple for you, Irene. On the cheese side, Jim, can you give us some sense in terms of economics? If cheese is up 50%, how much of a price increase do you need to fully offset that? If you want to think in terms of percent, but whatever color you can give there it would help. 
 Jim Dollive:  Obviously, cheese is just a percentage of the total cost profile, so when you have an increase in cheese, the revenue increase needed to cover that is significantly less. I'm not going to get into the specific dynamics because then I'd have to get into the P&L structure and the cost component on cheese. 
 Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan : When I look at the marketing expenses, one-third only in the first half, was that the plan all along or did you have to delay some of them in the second quarter because of the higher input cost? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  No, actually, I would say it was the plan in the sense that we understood that a number of the new items and some of the marketing ideas that this spending is going to go against would not be ready until the back half and that's one of the reasons I've been saying all along that we expected to see stronger recovery in the back half, and so that's the reason for the spending coming more sharply in the back half than it has so far. 
 Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan : Just to follow-up on that, if you can tell us when you look at the five divisions in the U.S, which ones are more advanced in terms of the innovation pipeline, in terms of marketing programs and which are behind? Can you give us color or shades of progress there? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  I certainly can, Pablo. I think it should be somewhat clear from my remarks I feel very good about our progress on powdered beverages. We're beginning to see some progress on coffee and I think we're addressing an issue that's been longstanding so I feel good about beverages. I feel very good about our position in convenient meals.  On the top line, we've got work to do there in terms of margins which will recover as the year progresses. So I think beverages and convenient meals are our strongest performers and have the strongest pipeline. The balance of our sectors particularly cheese, snacks, and grocery are the areas that we continue to have some issues but rest assured, we are on top of what those key issues are. It's just going to take somewhat longer for us to be able to address some of them.  But the progress will accelerate in the back half, as I've said three-quarters of our spending is yet to come. We do have a stronger new product pipeline across the board which you'll have much more visibility to as these products come out into the marketplace. I expect to see better pricing realization and all of which I believe will lead to improved share as well as volume performance. 
 Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan : One last one if I may. In terms of thinking about commodity exposure, private label exposure, the question or feedback that we get is a lot of commodity type products and obviously you're addressing that through innovation, but for me the definition of a commodity type category is where private label penetration is high.  I look at for example, Heinz, frozen potatoes almost 28%, 30% private label market share but O'Riley is able to get a 70% to 80% premium to private label. Planters Snacks, and the premium to private label is 5% or 7%. I'm just trying to get an idea when I think of nuts, hams, cheese, which are so-called commodity type categories, do you see room there fore significantly improve premiums from where they are right now through innovation or is there something structural that doesn't make the premiums possible in some of your other products? 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  I actually think that the opportunity that we have is to be able to get stronger volume performance from the premiums that we have. I think over time, clearly as we add more value to a number of our products, particularly in cheese and nuts as you suggest, that will help us, but the real opportunity we have is to be able to generate stronger performance and particularly stronger share performance with the gaps that we have today. That will hinge entirely on our ability to restore brand equity to a number of these iconic brands and to innovate with value-added products. That's really what our investment plan is focused on. 
 Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan : Any update on the search of a marketing officer, marketing director? 
 Irene Rosenfeld: We are continuing to search. It's a critically important role for us, particularly as I'm looking to place much more emphasis on the consumer and the quality of our marketing. We've been actively engaged in an external search and I expect to make an announcement later this quarter. 
Operator: Your final question is from Steven Kron - Goldman Sachs. 
 Steven Kron - Goldman Sachs :  Two questions and they both turn out to be follow-ups here, back just on the cheese business. You mentioned lower price gaps versus last year. You've spent some on innovation and I think you shared that at CAGNY, yet obviously share as you've commented on is down.  It begs the question, is the absolute price at this point a bit more important than the gap itself to the consumer? I can't help but think that the recent pricing actions just further that price point in a category that seems to be obviously a bit more commoditized to the consumer. 
 Irene Rosenfeld:  Well, again, I think we have to stop talking only about price gaps as the root of our issues. There's no question that we're not happy with our share performance on cheese. We do feel that our price gaps for the most part are in a reasonable place, and so I don't believe that that is the solution to our long-term opportunity. The issue is really about the quality of our pipeline and the ability to introduce value-added new items, and that's what we've got the team focused on so I don't think it's about price gaps. Certainly, getting better price realization and seeing how the marketplace reacts in general to these higher input costs will be important and they create some relative dislocation in our position, but I feel generally quite good about where our pricing position is on cheese. The issue is the ability of the portfolio to add enough value to be able to be distinguished and competitively advantaged. 
 Steven Kron - Goldman Sachs : That's a good segue into the next question which is Irene, just trying to get a bit of perspective maybe a status update a little bit different from a prior question as it relates to innovation in the U.S. Particularly the speed to market if I recall back to CAGNY, there was a whole host of pipeline of new products that you were very excited about it and it kind of feels like things are a little bit more back end loaded than perhaps I would have thought and we're talking about 08. I understand that this is an evolving process, but can you maybe talk about your level of satisfaction with the speed to market with some of this innovation? 
 Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I think we're making good progress. We're not exactly where we need to be but I will tell you over the coming weeks we will be talking at the back-to-school conference about a number of our new items and we're just beginning to present them to the trade.  I come back to the point that I knew it was going to take us some time in 2007 to get this pipeline jump started and that's why we've been talking about the fact that we expect to see stronger acceleration in the back half.  Having said that, our early investments are already showing some results, so it will take us some time as we've said particularly on some of the longstanding issues in some of our core categories, those are a little harder to fix, and we are in the process of doing that and we will lay those out as we commercialize them in the marketplace.  I will tell you overall, I think the organization is responding very well to the overall charge of moving faster; of being bolder;, of taking some actions; of testing and learning and I'm seeing examples across the company of progress there and it will be more visible to you as these new products begin to come out in the back half of the year. 
 Chris Jakubik: Thank you. For those people with the media who have additional follow-up questions, please feel free to call Clair Reagan at 847-646-4538 and for analysts and investors who have follow-up questions please feel free to call me after we hang up.  So thank you very much and have a good day.
